<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230321_10-K_edgar_data_1391135_0001096906-23-000607.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8722265</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>527765</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1369841</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2331052</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1708813</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2562612</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001096906-23-000607.hdr.sgml : 20230321
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230321165329
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001096906-23-000607
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		83
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230321
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230321

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			LFTD PARTNERS INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001391135
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				870479286
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-52520
		FILM NUMBER:		23750268

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4227 HABANA AVENUE
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32217
		BUSINESS PHONE:		8479152446

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4227 HABANA AVENUE
		CITY:			JACKSONVILLE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			32217

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACQUIRED SALES CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20100518

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Acquired Sales CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070223

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001096906-23-000607.txt : 20230321

10-K
 1
 lsfp_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

lsfp_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended Commission File Number: (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State of jurisdiction of Incorporation) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) ) (Registrants telephone number, including area code) Securities registered under Section 12(g) of the Exchange Act: (Title of Class) Trading Symbol Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined by Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, or a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive o cers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was . The voting stock held by non-affiliates on that date consisted of 5,730,988 shares of common stock. As of March 21, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. The exhibit index as required by Item 601(a) of Regulation S-K is included in Item 15 of Part IV of this report on Form 10-K. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None Table of Contents Page PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 13 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 48 Item 2. Properties 48 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 51 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 51 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 52 Item 6. Reserved Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 52 Item 7A. Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 57 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 57 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 57 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 57 Item 9B. Other Information 58 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 58 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 59 Item 11. Executive Compensation 62 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 67 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 69 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 73 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 74 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 74 2 Table of Contents PART I Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, relating to our business and financial outlook, which are based on our current beliefs, assumptions, expectations, estimates, forecasts and projections about future events only as of the date of this Form 10-K, and are not statements of historical fact. We make such forward-looking statements pursuant to the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are often identified by the use of words such as anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, may, plan, project, will, would or the negative or plural of these words or similar expressions or variations. Such forward-looking statements and forward-looking information are subject to a number of risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors that could cause actual results and the timing of certain events to differ materially from future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements or forward-looking information. Factors that could cause or contribute to such differences include, but are not limited to, those identified in this Form 10-K, and in our other SEC public filings. Therefore, these forward-looking statements are not guarantees or promises of our future performance and involve risks, uncertainties, estimates and assumptions that are difficult to predict. As a result, our actual outcomes and results may differ materially from those expressed in these forward-looking statements. You should not place undue reliance on any of these forward-looking statements. Further, any forward-looking statement speaks only as of the date hereof, unless it is specifically otherwise stated to be made as of a different date. We undertake no obligation to further update any such statement, or the risk factors described in Item 1A under the heading Risk Factors, to reflect new information, the occurrence of future events or circumstances or otherwise. SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS The principal factors that make an investment in LFTD Partners Inc. (hereinafter sometimes referred to as LFTD Partners , the Company , LIFD , the Company , we , us , our , etc.) speculative or risky include the following: The Company s stock is not traded on a national stock exchange and as a result a stockholder s ability to sell shares of stock owned by a stockholder could be limited. The Company is currently involved in developing, manufacturing and selling a wide variety of branded products containing hemp-derived cannabinoids, psychoactive substances and other alternative lifestyle products. All of these products are, or may become, subject to significant government laws and regulations, enforcement of which could be a threat to the survival of our Company. The market for the products we sell is a fairly new and developing market that is subject to significant disruptions as it develops, including entry of large competitors in the space. The Company is controlled by a small number of people who are important to the business. The loss of any of these people could have a detrimental effect on our Company. Such a small number of close people also can skew the direction of the Company in a manner in which stockholders do not agree. Due to the fact that we sell consumer products and in particular due to the nature of the products, the Company could be subject to product liability lawsuits, including class action lawsuits. ITEM 1. BUSINESS Description of the Business of LFTD Partners Inc. LFTD Partners was organized under the laws of the State of Nevada on January 2, 1986. Shares of the Company s common stock are traded on the OTCQB Venture Market under the trading symbol LIFD. On May 18, 2021, the Company changed its name to LFTD Partners Inc. from Acquired Sales Corp. On March 15, 2022, the Company changed its stock trading symbol to LIFD. After acquiring, operating and then selling businesses involved in the defense sector, our business is currently involved in the development, manufacture and sale of a wide variety of branded, hemp-derived, psychoactive and alternative lifestyle products. We are interested in acquiring rapidly growing, profitable companies that are also involved in the manufacture and sale of branded, hemp-derived, psychoactive and alternative lifestyle products (a Canna-Infused Products Company ). Management of the Company is open-minded to the concept of also acquiring operating businesses and/or assets involving products containing marijuana, distilled spirits, beer, wine, and real estate. In addition, management of the Company is open-minded to the concept of acquiring all or a portion of one or more operating businesses and/or assets that are considered to be essential businesses which are unlikely to be shut down by the government during pandemics such as COVID-19. On February 24, 2020, we acquired 100 of the ownership interests in one Canna-Infused Products Company called Lifted Liquids, Inc. d/b/a Lifted Made (formerly Warrender Enterprise Inc. d/b/a Lifted Liquids) (www.Urb.shop), Kenosha, Wisconsin Lifted Made or Lifted ). On April 30, 2019, we also closed on the acquisition of 4.99 of the common stock of each of CBD-infused beverages maker Ablis Holding Company Ablis (www.AblisCBD.com), and of distilled spirits manufacturers Bendistillery Inc. Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, Inc. Bend Spirits ), all located in Bend, Oregon. Obligation to Purchase Headquarters Building Toward the end of 2020, our Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer Nicholas S. Warrender NWarrender ), through his assigned entity 95th Holdings, LLC Holdings ), purchased a building located at 5511 95th Avenue in Kenosha, Wisconsin 5511 Building that was immediately leased to us to conduct our expanded operations. The 5511 Building includes office, laboratory and warehouse space. As part of the lease agreement with Holdings, the parties agreed that our wholly owned subsidiary Lifted would eventually purchase the 5511 Building. The purchase price for the 5511 Building was originally subject to valuation based on a formula agreed upon by the parties. Pursuant to an agreement with NWarrender on December 30, 2021, the parties agreed to set the purchase price for the 5511 Building at 1,375,000. Prior to the Acceleration Agreement, Lifted had an obligation to complete the purchase of the 5511 Building on or before December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Acceleration Agreement, the deadline to purchase the 5511 Building has been extended by one year to December 31, 2023. In addition, the Acceleration Agreement contains a provision that if we raise 5,000,000 of debt or equity capital, then Lifted or our designee shall purchase the 5511 Building from Holdings at the agreed upon 1,375,000 purchase price within two days. 3 Table of Contents Corporate Information The Company is a Nevada corporation focused on acquiring Canna-Infused Products Companies. The Company is also interested in potentially acquiring essential businesses that are outside its industry. Our principal headquarters are located at 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, Florida 32224. Our telephone number is (847) 915-2446. Our corporate website address is www.LFTDPartners.com. LFTD Partners' first wholly-owned subsidiary is Lifted Made (www.Urb.shop), Kenosha, Wisconsin, which sells award-winning hemp-derived cannabinoid products and other psychoactive and alternative lifestyle products under its flagship brands Urb Finest Flowers and Silly Shruum. LFTD Partners also owns 4.99 of CBD-infused beverage and products maker Ablis (www.AblisBev.com), and of distillers Bendistillery Inc. d/b/a Crater Lake Spirits (www.CraterLakeSpirits.com) and Bend Spirits, Inc., all located in Bend, Oregon. We, or our target acquisitions, have proprietary rights to a number of trademarks, service marks and trade names used in this Form 10-K which are, or may become, important to our business. Solely for convenience, the trademarks, service marks and trade names in this Form 10-K are referred to without the and TM symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. All other trademarks, trade names and service marks appearing in this Form 10-K are the property of their respective owners. The Lifted Made Business History Our wholly owned subsidiary Lifted was originally incorporated in the state of Wisconsin on September 19, 2014. Lifted was created with a passion to build a culture-based organization focused upon quality products and a healthier lifestyle. Products Under its flagship brands Urb Finest Flowers and Silly Shruum, Lifted manufactures and sells branded hemp-derived products, and other psychoactive and alternative lifestyle products. Lifted may in the future sell nicotine products. Lifted also manufactures and sells similar hemp-derived products to private label clients. Lifted sells its brands of products and its private label clients products online primarily through its website: www.Urb.shop, which replaced www.LiftedMade.com. During 2022, Lifted began manufacturing gummies in-house, both for its Urb Finest Flowers brand and for third party customers. Lifted plans to substantially increase its gummy manufacturing in-house. In the fourth quarter of 2022, Lifted purchased a second gummy manufacturing machine from an auction house for 155,000, and anticipated using that machine to manufacture additional gummies in additional space leased by Lifted starting on February 1, 2023. However, this second gummy manufacturing machine is inoperable. The parties are attempting to negotiate a resolution. Unless it is resolved to Lifted s satisfaction, Lifted expects to file a lawsuit against the auction house. Lifted has purchased a third gummy manufacturing machine, and expects that this third gummy manufacturing machine will be delivered to Lifted some time during second quarter of 2023. It is anticipated that this third gummy manufacturing machine will be producing gummies in either the second or third quarter of 2023. 4 Table of Contents Officers and Employees The executives of Lifted have backgrounds in the vaping industry, sales, graphic design, distribution, marketing, accounting, and supply chain management, skills that have helped Lifted distinguish itself from the competition. As of March 15, 2023, Lifted has approximately 170 full time and part time employees and independent contractors who are engaged in product formulation, design and branding, website development, private label client management, sales, strategy, distribution, supply chain management, new business development, warehouse management and order fulfillment, operations management, accounting, new product development, trade shows and evaluation of potential acquisitions and joint ventures. Currently, most of Lifted s employees and independent contractors are based in Kenosha, Wisconsin, and the rest are located in Chicago, Illinois, and Florida. Cali Sweets Agreement On January 11, 2023, Lifted entered into a Manufacturing Sales and Marketing Agreement Agreement with Cali Sweets, LLC Cali ). Cali is headquartered in North Hollywood, California, and currently sells products under the brand name Koko Nuggz. The Agreement entitles Lifted to be the exclusive worldwide manufacturer and distributor of Cali s disposable vape products (under the brand name Koko Puffz) and gummy products (under the brand name Koko Gummiez). Pursuant to the Agreement, Lifted will manufacture, market, and distribute certain Cali products and brands worldwide. Lifted and Cali will equally share certain production and marketing costs associated with such products on a dollar-for-dollar basis. Revenue from the sale of such Cali products will be divided on a 60/40 basis, net of any returns, discounts, or replacements, with 60 allocated to Lifted, and the remaining 40 to Cali. Under the terms of the Agreement, Lifted will have the right, in its discretion, to add new Cali brands and products as they are developed. Lifted can also set prices for Cali products it supplies or unilaterally discontinue the supply of any Cali product if it no longer makes business sense to Lifted. The parties also agreed that Cali will provide social media marketing services for both Cali products and brands, and for Lifted s Urb Finest Flowers branded products. The term of the Agreement is five years and may be extended with the mutual consent of the parties. However, after the initial 24 months, the Agreement may be terminated by either party, for any or no reason, upon providing the other party with 180 days written notice. Cali may become subject to early exit payments to Lifted if it early terminates. The exit fee formula is based on estimated profits that Lifted may have enjoyed had Cali not early terminated the relationship. Settlement With Vape Device Manufacturer On December 30, 2022, Lifted was able to reach an agreement for the forgiveness of 630,000 of payables owed to its third-party disposable vape device manufacturer. The agreement also includes credits to Lifted against future purchases from the device manufacturer totaling 370,047. The credit is to be provided by the manufacturer at the rate of 46,255.87 per quarter beginning with the first quarter of 2023 and continuing for the next six consecutive quarters, with a final quarterly credit of 46,255.91 for the fourth quarter of 2024. The agreement is a result of the vape manufacturer agreeing to share a portion of the Company s prior 2,313,902 write-off of certain 2 mL disposable vapes that were written off due to clogging issues. The payable forgiveness resulted in a net 485,496 improvement to the cost of goods sold and accrued liabilities sections of the Company s consolidated statements of operations as of December 30, 2022. The 370,047 in credits are booked as an asset as of December 30, 2022 and recognized as other income amortized quarterly at the rate of 46,255.87 per quarter beginning with the first quarter of 2023 and continuing for the next six consecutive quarters, with a final quarterly credit of 46,255.91 for the fourth quarter of 2024. 5 Table of Contents Sources of Supply Lifted sources its raw goods from many different suppliers. Lifted s raw goods are third-party lab tested, and Lifted s finished goods are also third also third-party lab tested. Lifted does not grow or manufacture its raw goods, nor does Lifted process or extract cannabinoids or other substances from raw goods. However, many of Lifted s finished goods are made in-house using the raw goods purchased from third party vendors. Some finished goods are purchased from third party vendors, which make products for Lifted in accordance with Lifted s specifications. Lifted designs the majority of its packaging in-house, and typically employs a third party firm to manufacture that packaging. Lifted currently believes that it would be able to find replacement manufacturers with minimal negative impact on its business. However, Lifted s vape pens and cartridges are sourced exclusively from China. COVID-19 and variants, Chinese holidays, backups at U.S. ports, tariffs imposed on products sourced from China, and potential hostilities involving China, could make it difficult or impossible to source these products cost effectively, or at all, from China. These risks associated with China could drastically increase Lifted s product costs, all of which could have a serious detrimental impact on Lifted s sales and profit margins. Product Risks Lifted s products contain hemp-derived cannabinoids and other psychoactive substances. There is a risk that Lifted could be targeted by regulators or consumers with claims that its products are unsafe. Potential product safety risks, and potential laws and regulations including but not limited to any issued by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA could have a material adverse effect on Lifted s financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. Intellectual Property Lifted maintains proprietary formulations, other trade secrets, and custom molds for its disposable vapes. Lifted also uses proprietary packaging for its products. Lifted does not currently own any registered patents, but it has applied for one patent and plans to apply for a second patent, both related to packaging. Trademarks Lifted has a registered trademark for its Off-Spectrum line of products. Lifted has applied for other trademarks, as well. Research and Development Expenditures Lifted s research and development R D expenditures consist primarily of compensation and related costs for third parties responsible for the R D of new products. Research and development costs are expensed as they are incurred. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reported R D expenditures of 25,636. During 2022, Lifted for the first time hired an outside laboratory to conduct research and development on a potential new, non-hemp-derived, synthetic psychedelic product (the New Psychedelic Product for a total of 19,800. Such research and development of the New Psychedelic Product has been put on indefinite hold. Lifted has recently successfully purchased from third parties a natural equivalent of the New Psychedelic Product. No guarantee or assurance can be given that in the future Lifted will be able to purchase more of this natural equivalent of the New Psychedelic Product, or a synthesized version thereof. In comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021, and during the 2020 Stub Year, the Company did not report any R D expenditures. Marketing Lifted markets itself by networking throughout the industry through word of mouth, through its website, and by attending trade shows. In the past, Lifted has also engaged public relations and search engine optimization firms to improve Lifted s public relations and search engine optimization efforts. There can be no guarantee or assurance that Lifted s marketing efforts will be successful or result in any additional sales or profits for Lifted. Distribution Lifted s distribution is done internally and through third party distributors who distribute throughout the U.S. Lifted has also begun selling its products overseas. Lifted and these distributors distribute Lifted s products to vape and smoke shops, convenience stores, grocery stores, gyms, natural food stores, wellness stores, and other locations. Lifted believes but cannot guarantee that in the event that Lifted lost its relationship with one or more of its current distributors, that other replacement distributors could be found without significant disruption to Lifted s business. 6 Table of Contents Costs and effects of compliance with environmental laws To Lifted s knowledge, Lifted does not currently use or generate any hazardous materials in its operations. OLCC Review of New Directors of the Company Due to our minority ownership interest in Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, the Oregon Liquor Control Commission OLCC has jurisdiction over our directors, officers and significant shareholders. If the OLCC were to refuse to approve any of our directors, officers or significant shareholders, it could disrupt our management and corporate governance, which could materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Description of Certain Key Provisions of the Transaction Documents Relating to the Lifted Merger Agreement Registration Rights Agreement In connection with the Merger, the Company signed a Registration Rights Agreement granting NWarrender, or his assigns, piggyback and demand registration rights in regard to any and all Company registration statements filed with the SEC on or prior to a termination date set out in the agreement, in order to permit the registration of all 3,900,455 shares of Common Stock issued to NWarrender as Stock Consideration in the Merger Registrable Shares ). The Registration Rights Agreement can be summarized as follows: Subject to certain limitations, NWarrender, or his assigns, may demand registration of all or any portion of the Registrable Shares at any time beginning on the 120 th day following the closing of the Merger Agreement. The Company must then file a registration statement within ten days. The Company may postpone for up to 180 days the filing or effectiveness of a registration statement for a demand registration if the board of directors determines in its reasonable good faith judgment that such demand registration would (i) materially interfere with a significant acquisition, corporate organization, financing, securities offering or other similar transaction involving the Company; (ii) require premature disclosure of material information that the Company has a bona fide business purpose for preserving as confidential; or (iii) render the Company unable to comply with requirements under the Securities Act or Exchange Act. The Company may delay a demand registration hereunder only once in any period of 12 consecutive months. No demand registration shall be required where in the judgment of the Company, its legal counsel, and/or SEC guidance and comments the registration would be deemed a primary offering pursuant to Securities Act Rule 415, which is interpreted by the SEC staff to prohibit registrations of stock for resale where the seller is deemed to be engaged in a primary offering of behalf of the issuer. The registration rights agreement shall terminate when no Registrable Shares remain outstanding. Repayment of Merger Related Promissory Note On February 24, 2020, we acquired Lifted as a wholly-owned subsidiary for cash and stock paid to Lifted s then owner NWarrender. The 7,500,000 money component of the purchase consideration was paid to NWarrender in the form of 3,750,000 in cash at closing and a 3,750,000 promissory note that accrued interest at the rate of 2 per annum 3.75M Note ). The 3.75M Note was secured by (a) a first lien security interest in all of the assets of the Company and Lifted; and (b) a pledge of: (i) all of the capital stock of Lifted; (ii) all of the common stock of Bendistillery, Bend Spirits and Ablis that is owned by the Company; and (iii) all of the capital stock of any other entity owned by the Company, Lifted or any of their subsidiaries, pursuant to a Collateral Stock Pledge Agreement between NWarrender, as Secured Party, and the Company and Lifted, as Pledgors. On December 30, 2021, the Company repaid all principal and interest due under the 3.75M Note. NWarrender kept 1,000,000 of the repayment of the 3.75M Note, plus accrued interest, and on January 3, 2022, reloaned 2,750,000 to LIFD and Lifted (collectively Payors at the rate of 2.5 (the 2.75M Note ). The 2.75M Note payable jointly by the Company and Lifted to NWarrender was secured by a perfected first lien security interest (the Security Interest that encumbers all of the assets of the Company and Lifted. The Company was obligated to pay off the principal of the 2.75M Note in five semi-annual payments to NWarrender of 458,333 and a sixth and final semi-annual payment to NWarrender of 458,335, in each case plus accrued interest, starting on June 30, 2022. On June 7, 2022, LFTD Partners prepaid 916,666 of the principal of the 2.75M Note, and 29,384 of related accrued interest through that date, which left 1,833,334 remaining principal on the 2.75M Note. On July 5, 2022, we entered into an agreement Acceleration Agreement with NWarrender. Under the terms of the Acceleration Agreement, we were obligated to repay the remaining principal balance as follows: 1,374,999 on or before December 31, 2022, and 458,335 on or before December 31, 2024. Then, on July 8, 2022, we prepaid 916,666, along with accrued interest, and then, on July 25, 2022, we prepaid the remaining principal balance of 916,668 and accrued interest in full, and all collateral securing the 2.75M Note was released. 7 Table of Contents Stockholders Agreement At the closing of the Merger Agreement, NWarrender, GJacobs, and WJacobs entered into a Stockholders Agreement which can be summarized as follows: each of them will vote all shares of our common stock now or hereafter owned or controlled by him as unanimously agreed upon by all three of them, including as to the following matters: election, removal and filling vacancies on our board of directors; our charter and bylaws; employment agreements, consulting agreements, fee agreements, base salaries, bonuses, management bonus pools amounts and calculations, management bonus pool allocations and payments, future stock options or warrants issuances, and any other direct or indirect compensation or benefits of any nature whatsoever; acquisitions; divestitures; and capital raises. Executive Employment Agreements At the closing of the Merger, the Company entered into employment agreements with NWarrender to serve as Co-Founder, Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer of the Company and as Chief Executive Officer of Lifted, with GJacobs to serve as Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of the Company, and with WJacobs to serve as President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company (collectively the Executive Employment Agreements ), which can be summarized as follows: Each of the Executive Employment Agreements is a rolling five year employment agreement wherein the executive s employment is effective and shall continue until the fifth anniversary of the commencement of such Executive Employment Agreement, unless terminated. Each of the Executive Employment Agreements shall be deemed to be automatically extended, upon the same terms and conditions, for additional periods of one year (extending the term of such Executive Employment Agreement to five years after each such extension date), unless either party provides written notice of such party s intention not to extend the term of such Executive Employment Agreement at least 90 days prior to the applicable extension date. During the employment term, each executive shall devote substantially all of his business time and attention to the performance of his duties under his Executive Employment Agreement and shall not engage in any other business, profession or occupation for compensation or otherwise which would conflict or interfere with the performance of such services either directly or indirectly without the prior written consent of the board of directors of the Company; provided, that such executive shall be permitted to continue to participate as an officer of any corporation that owns real estate as of the date of his Executive Employment Agreement with the Company and that is owned by a family trust of which such executive is a grantor or beneficiary, and provided further that such executive, with the prior written consent of the board of directors of the Company shall be permitted to act as a director, trustee, committee member or principal of any type of business, civic or charitable organization and to purchase or own less than 5 of the publicly traded securities of any corporation provided, however, that such ownership represents a passive investment and that such executive is not a controlling person of, or a member of a group that controls, such corporation, and that such activities do not interfere with the performance of such executive s duties and responsibilities to the Company. Pursuant to an Omnibus Agreement, commencing January 1, 2022, the Base Salary under each of the Executive Employment Agreements to be paid to GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender is 250,000 per year. Prior to entering into the Omnibus Agreement, the annual rate of each executive s base salary under his Executive Employment Agreement was 100,000. Each executive shall participate in the Company s annual company-wide management bonus pool, which can be generally described as a cash set-aside for management bonuses of an amount equal to 33 of the amount (if any) by which the Company s actual annual consolidated EBITDA exceeds an annual consolidated EBITDA target amount that is mutually agreed upon between the Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the board of directors, on the one hand, and NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs, on the other hand, with the allocation of such management bonus pool to be determined by unanimous written agreement of such three executives. Pursuant to an Amended Omnibus Agreement, the 2022 company-wide bonus pool shall not be allowed to be accrued or paid by LIFD if and to the extent that doing so would decrease LIFD s 2022 diluted earnings per share of common stock below 0.56 per share. Please read the below section Allocation and Payment of Bonus Pool for more information about the company-wide bonus pools for 2022 and 2021. The Company provides to each executive an employee benefits package including fully paid Blue Cross/Blue Shield or equivalent family health, vision and dental insurance, without deductibles. The Company also provides to each executive prompt reimbursement for all documented business-related expenses paid or incurred by such executive in connection with the Company, including but not limited to airfare, rail, taxi, rental cars, parking, tolls, gasoline for business trips, meals, entertainment, hotel, office supplies, mobile phone, internet, hotspot, and postage expenses. 8 Table of Contents Each executive s employment may be terminated by either the Company or such executive at any time and for any reason, provided that any termination of such executive s employment by the Company without cause will trigger significant payment obligations by the Company to such executive. Impact of the Merger on GJacobs and WJacobs Compensation Agreement The Company entered into a Compensation Agreement dated as of June 19, 2019, with GJacobs and WJacobs. The material terms of the Compensation Agreement, as amended on December 1, 2020, but prior to the Omnibus Agreement and the Amended Omnibus Agreement, can be summarized as follows: (1) Starting during June 2019 until the closing of the Lifted Merger on February 24, 2020, we paid GJacobs and WJacobs consulting fees of 7,500 and 5,000 per month, respectively. Upon the closing of the Lifted Merger, we entered into Executive Employment Agreements with GJacobs and WJacobs as described in the section above entitled Executive Employment Agreements (2) The closing of the Lifted Merger triggered obligations of the Company to pay cash bonuses to the Company s CEO GJacobs and to the Company s President and CFO WJacobs of 250,000 and 100,000, respectively, of which as of December 31, 2021 only 50,000 had been paid to GJacobs, and which accrued 2 annual interest on and after January 1, 2021, and of which 8,439 of the bonuses due and payable by the Company to GJacobs were allocated and applied to pay for the aggregate cost of GJacobs purchasing and exercising certain warrants on August 30, 2021 (see section below titled Exercise of Warrants by Gerard M. Jacobs (3) Upon demand by GJacobs and WJacobs on or after January 1, 2021, or the first date when we have raised a total of at least 15 million after January 1, 2019, we were obligated to pay GJacobs and WJacobs cash bonuses of 250,000 and 100,000, respectively, plus 2 annual interest accruing on and after January 1, 2021; (4) Upon the earlier of December 1, 2021, or the first date when we have raised a total of at least 25 million after January 1, 2019, we were obligated to pay GJacobs and WJacobs cash bonuses of 250,000 and 100,000, respectively; (5) The terms of GJacobs stock options granted by us to purchase shares of common stock of the Company which were set to expire (unless previously exercised) during November 2020 or during September 2021, respectively, have been extended so that all of such stock options may be exercised by GJacobs at any time on or before December 31, 2024; (6) We granted to GJacobs and to WJacobs so-called tag along registration rights for all of our shares owned by GJacobs, by WJacobs, or by any of their respective affiliates, and for all of our shares issuable to GJacobs, to WJacobs, or to any of their respective affiliates upon the exercise of his or their options or warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company; and (7) We issued to GJacobs and WJacobs five-year warrants containing a cashless exercise feature giving GJacobs and WJacobs (or his designee(s)) the right to purchase 250,000 and 225,000 shares, respectively, of common stock of the Company exercisable at 5.00 per share. Liquidity and Capital Resources Currently, the Company s only wholly-owned subsidiary, Lifted, is generating enough free cash flow to allow the Company and Lifted to fund their operations at their current levels and to grow Lifted s business in a conservative, capital-constrained fashion. However, no guarantee or assurance can be given that Lifted s current level of free cash flow will continue in the future, especially in light of the continuing COVID-19 pandemic, and U.S. federal, state and local laws, regulations and executive orders that are associated with the pandemic or that otherwise negatively impact the Company s sales of its products. The Company and Lifted have aspirations to grow significantly faster than at their current levels, both organically and via acquisitions. But, to do so likely would require the Company to raise many millions of dollars of additional capital. Currently, management of the Company is reluctant to raise capital by selling equity securities of the Company (common stock and/or convertible preferred stock) at the current trading price per share of the Company s common stock or any lower price per share. Even if the Company is able to raise additional capital via borrowing or the sale of equity securities of the Company: (1) Lifted is obligated to purchase the building leased by Lifted from Holdings, an affiliate of NWarrender, on or before December 31, 2023, for a fixed purchase price equal to 1,375,000; (2) the Company is accruing and paying 3 annual dividends on its Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock; and (3) the Company is accruing for a company-wide bonus pool. Additional capital raised by the Company that is used to pay the aforedescribed company-wide bonus pool, or that is used to buy the building leased by Lifted from Holdings, or that is used to pay dividends on our outstanding Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, is collectively referred to as the Allocated Capital . If, notwithstanding these impediments, the Company and/or Lifted is able to raise debt or equity capital that is in addition to the Allocated Capital (the Growth Capital ), then the Growth Capital would likely be used in connection with one or more of the following: (1) stock buybacks; (2) an expansion of the building leased by Lifted from Holdings; or (3) for potential acquisitions. While the Company would prefer to engage in 100 stock-for-stock acquisitions, potential acquisition candidates frequently prefer that a significant portion of the acquisition consideration be in cash. Also, the process of conducting a due diligence investigation and audit of potential acquisition candidates can be very expensive and requires cash. Also, some potential acquisitions may only make sense if the Company is in a position to inject cash into the potential acquisition candidates simultaneously with the closing of the acquisitions, in order to pay off accrued liabilities or to provide needed growth capital. There is no assurance that the Company and Lifted will be able to obtain the additional Growth Capital needed to accelerate our growth beyond current levels. Our ability to obtain Growth Capital will depend on the level of pandemic-related stress on Lifted s distributors and customers, governmental prohibitions and regulations of hemp-derived cannabinoids such as delta-8-THC, investor demand, our performance and reputation, the price of the Company s common stock, and other factors beyond our control. Our inability to raise additional Growth Capital could result in the delay or indefinite postponement of our growth objectives. There can be no assurance or guarantee that any additional Growth Capital will be available on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all. The lack of availability of additional Growth Capital could have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 9 Table of Contents The Market Delta-8-THC and other cannabinoids can be derived from hemp. On December 20, 2018, President Donald J. Trump signed the Agricultural Improvement Act of 2018, which is more commonly known as the 2018 Farm Bill . The 2018 Farm Bill legalizes hemp cultivation and declassifies hemp as a Schedule I controlled substance. The US Food and Drug Administration FDA has stated that although hemp is no longer an illegal substance under federal law, the FDA continues to regulate cannabis products under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FD C Act and Section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. In addition, several states have enacted laws and regulations that negatively impact the sale of hemp and hemp-derived products, especially hemp-derived products containing delta-8-THC. The market for psychoactive products is growing, and during 2022 Lifted began selling various products in this category. Many of these types of products that Lifted sells do not contain any hemp derivatives (such as THC). Lifted s product sales are typically made through distributors, with a limited but growing number of sales online or direct to retail outlets. Government Laws and Regulations Lifted primarily sells hemp-derived products, including products containing delta-8-THC and other cannabinoids. Lifted also sells other psychoactive products, and may in the future sell nicotine products. Lifted is attempting to only conduct business to the extent permitted under applicable laws and regulations. While Lifted is optimistic regarding the future of its business selling hemp-derived products and psychoactive products, and potentially products that contain nicotine, the manufacture and sale of these products involve significant risks associated with federal, state and local laws and regulations, and regulatory agencies, that have the potential to bankrupt Lifted and the Company, or at least to negatively impact the trading price of our common stock. In regard to the sale of hemp-derived products in the United States, despite cannabis having been legalized at the state level for medical use in many states and for adult recreational use in a number of states, cannabis, other than plants of the same genus that meet the definition of industrial hemp, continues to be categorized as a Schedule I controlled substance under the federal Controlled Substances Act CSA ), and subject to the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act CSIEA ). As of December 20, 2018, the 2018 Farm Bill, formally known as the Agriculture Improvement Act of 2018 (the Farm Bill ), has reclassified hemp for commercial use by removing it from its Schedule I Status under the CSA, and Lifted seeks to operate in compliance with the legislation. However: (a) FDA: The US Food and Drug Administration FDA has stated that although hemp is no longer an illegal substance under the Farm Bill, the FDA continues to regulate cannabis products under the Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FD C Act and Section 351 of the Public Health Service Act. The health and safety impacts of delta-8-THC and other cannabinoids have not yet been established via traditional scientific and/or clinical studies. The FDA appears to believe that CBD, delta-8-THC and other hemp-derived cannabinoids may or could have significant adverse health impacts upon human beings, especially in regard to potential liver toxicity or liver damage. Furthermore, the FDA sometimes appears to believe that certain cannabinoids are drugs, and that the sale of certain cannabinoid-infused products without FDA approval is illegal. In deference to the FDA s position, various states and municipalities have similarly declared that the sale of certain hemp-derived cannabinoid-infused products such as delta-8-THC is illegal, or have imposed restrictions or prohibitions upon the sale of certain hemp-derived products. The FDA may in the future impose significant licensing or other requirements, regulations, restrictions and/or prohibitions on the sale of hemp-derived products, which could have a material adverse effect upon Lifted s business and the trading price of our common stock; (b) DEA: The US Drug Enforcement Agency DEA has stated that although hemp is no longer an illegal substance under the Farm Bill, the FDA continues to pursue Schedule I controlled substances as well as certain synthetic substances. In particular: (i) Hemp and hemp-derived cannabinoid-infused products which exceed a delta-9-THC concentration of 0.3 by dry weight are illegal under the Farm Bill. Any failure to keep the delta-9-THC concentration in Lifted s hemp-derived or cannabinoid-infused products below 0.3 by dry weight could subject us to action by the DEA or other regulatory authorities and/or to lawsuits by consumers, which could have a material adverse effect upon our Company s business and the trading price of our common stock. In addition, certain hemp-derived products may, over time, gradually increase their delta-9-THC concentration, and this may ultimately cause such products to exceed the 0.3 delta-9-THC by dry weight concentration level, making such products illegal in certain jurisdictions. If this happens, we could be subject to regulatory action that could have a material adverse effect upon our Company and the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the approval of medical and recreational marijuana by many states has created a situation in which it may be difficult or impossible for regulators and courts to determine whether the THC levels reflected in consumers blood tests are the result of legal hemp-derived products or marijuana-infused products. This may result in regulatory actions or lawsuits against the Company; (ii) The DEA has issued a statement that some have interpreted as making hemp-derived delta-8-THC illegal. In deference to the DEA, certain state and local governments have imposed restrictions or prohibitions upon the sale of certain products containing delta-8-THC. Lifted sells significant quantities of products containing hemp-derived delta-8-THC, and any crackdown by the DEA or other regulatory authorities on products containing delta-8-THC may have a material adverse effect upon Lifted s business and the trading price of our common stock; and (iii) The DEA has sent a letter saying that delta-9-THCO and delta-8-THCO do not occur naturally in the cannabis plant and can only be obtained synthetically, and therefore do not fall under the definition of hemp. Any crackdown by the DEA or other regulatory authorities on products containing delta-9-THCO and/or delta-8-THCO may have a material adverse effect upon Lifted s business and the trading price of our common stock. 10 Table of Contents (c) Amended PACT act: The recently amended federal PACT act makes the online sale of certain of Lifted s products to end users difficult or impossible. The amended federal PACT act may have a material adverse effect upon Lifted s business and the trading price of our common stock. In regard to the potential sale of products containing nicotine, products containing nicotine are addictive and are subject to heavy regulation by U.S. federal, state and local governments. The legislative and regulatory landscape surrounding nicotine-containing products has created risks for Lifted s business. Laws and regulations have been adopted that can impose significant liabilities upon companies operating in the nicotine industry, especially in regard to sales to minors. Existing and future laws and regulations affecting nicotine products may have a material adverse effect upon Lifted s business and the trading price of our common stock. Furthermore, the regulation of hemp-derived, psychoactive and nicotine products is evolving. Lifted may become subject to new laws, rules, regulations, moratoriums, prohibitions, or other restrictions or impediments upon nicotine and Canna-Infused Products Companies imposed by the U.S. President pursuant to executive orders, by the U.S. Congress in laws, by U.S. federal agencies such as the FDA and/or the DEA, and/or by state and local governments. For example, Lifted s business may be impacted by any language relating to hemp-derived or psychoactive products that might be contained in any bill that might federally legalize marijuana, or that might be contained in the next so-called Farm Bill , or that might be contained in other legislation at the federal or state level. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, governmental laws, rules and regulations may impose significant new rules, restrictions, limitations, prohibitions and/or taxes on when, where, how and to whom Lifted may sell its products, and these new rules, restrictions, limitations, prohibitions and/or taxes may have a material adverse effect on Lifted s business and the trading price of our common stock. Competition Lifted faces intense competition in the hemp-derived, psychoactive and alternative lifestyle products industries from both existing and emerging companies that offer similar products to Lifted. Some of Lifted s current and potential competitors may have longer operating histories, more innovative or popular products, greater financial, marketing and other resources and larger customer bases. Given the rapid changes affecting the cannabinoid industry nationally and locally, Lifted may not be able to create and maintain a competitive advantage in the marketplace. Lifted s success will depend on its ability to keep pace with any changes in local and national markets, especially in light of frequent and rapid legal and regulatory changes. Competition is also based on product innovation, product quality, price, brand recognition and loyalty, effectiveness of marketing and promotional activity, the ability to identify and satisfy consumer preferences, as well as convenience and service. Lifted s success will depend on its ability to respond to, among other things, changes in the economy, market conditions and competitive pressures. Any failure to anticipate or respond adequately to such changes could have a material adverse effect on Lifted s financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. Receipt of Employee Retention Tax Credits In August 2022, with the assistance of a third party consulting firm, Lifted applied for Employee Retention Tax Credits ERC for certain quarters of 2020 and 2021. In the fourth quarter of 2022, gross credits of 233,534 were recovered, and Lifted paid the third party consulting firm a commission of 58,384. The ERC is accounted for as a reduction in payroll expenses in the fourth quarter of 2022. The commission is accounted for as Professional Fees expense. Acquisition Process The structure of the Company s participation in business opportunities and ventures will continue to be situational. 11 Table of Contents The Company is likely to structure future acquisitions as a purchase of 19.99 or less, or 100 , of a target company s equity ownership interest, or as a so-called tax-free reorganization, or as an asset purchase. However, in particular situations, the Company is willing to consider alternative deal structures including joint ventures. In deals that are structured as tax-free reorganizations, it is expected that the Company will issue a relatively large number of newly issued shares of the Company, and, as a result, substantial additional dilution to the percentage ownership of our current stockholders. The Company s present management and shareholders may not have control of a majority of our voting shares following a merger or purchase of stock. It is possible that the shareholders of the acquired entity or the persons who provide the capital to the Company to finance a merger or purchase of stock will gain control of the Company s voting stock and the Company s directors may resign and new directors may be appointed without any vote by the shareholders. Those directors are entitled to replace the Company s officers without stockholder vote. Closing such purchases of stock or so-called tax-free reorganizations will likely require the Company to raise millions of dollars of capital, in order to pay the cash portion of the transaction consideration. The Company can provide no assurance or guaranty whatsoever that it will be able to raise such millions of dollars of capital on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all. An Investment Committee appointed by the Company s Board of Directors, currently consisting of our GJacobs, NWarrender, and WJacobs will review material furnished to it and will vote whether or not the Investment Committee believes a potential acquisition is in the Company s best interests and the interests of the Company s shareholders. If the Investment Committee votes unanimously to approve a potential acquisition, then such acquisition will be presented to the Board of Directors of the Company for their review and a vote. The Company does not intend to proceed forward with a potential acquisition without the unanimous approval of the Investment Committee and approval by a majority of the Company s Board of Directors. The Company intends to source acquisition opportunities through GJacobs, NWarrender, WJacobs, and directors and their contacts, and in some cases through finders. These contacts include professional advisors such as attorneys and accountants, securities broker dealers, other members of the financial community, other businesses and others who may present solicited and unsolicited proposals. Management believes that business opportunities may become available to us due to a number of factors, including, among others: (1) the Company s ownership of shares in Lifted and other Canna-Infused Products Companies; (2) management s historical experience building large public companies; (3) management s contacts and acquaintances; and (4) the Company s flexibility with respect to the manner in which the Company may be able to structure, finance, merge with or acquire any business opportunity. Inasmuch as the Company will have limited funds available to search for business opportunities, the Company will not be able to expend significant funds on a complete and exhaustive investigation of such business or opportunity. The Company will, however, investigate, to the extent believed reasonable by the Investment Committee, such potential business opportunities by conducting a so-called due diligence investigation . In a due diligence investigation, the Company intends to obtain and review materials regarding the business opportunity. Typically, such materials will include information regarding a target business products, services, contracts, management, ownership, and financial information. In addition, the Company intends to cause the Investment Committee to meet personally with management and key personnel of target businesses, ask questions regarding the target businesses prospects, tour facilities, and conduct other reasonable investigation of the target businesses to the extent of the Company s limited financial resources and management and technical expertise. There is no guarantee that the Company can obtain or maintain the funding needed for its operations, including the funds necessary to search for and investigate acquisition candidates, and to close an acquisition including paying the substantial costs of legal, accounting and other relevant professional services. At the present time, due to the facts that billions of dollars of market capitalization have been lost by publicly traded corporations in the cannabis industry, investor sentiment regarding equity or debt capital raises within the cannabis industry is profoundly negative. This negative investor sentiment, combined with many other negative macro factors such as inflation, recessionary pressures, global conflicts, supply chain issues and regulatory pressures associated with the pandemic, and interest rate increases triggered by the U.S. Federal Reserve, has made it extremely difficult for the Company to attract Growth Capital on acceptable terms and conditions. The Company can provide no guarantee or assurance as to whether or when such profoundly negative investor sentiment might improve. In connection with the reporting of the Company s financial results for the second and third quarters of 2022, we mentioned that we were in discussions/negotiations regarding two potential acquisitions, one within our current industry, and the other outside of our current industry and in the process of international expansion. These discussions/negotiations have terminated without any deals being agreed upon, and no guarantee or assurance whatsoever can be given that discussions/negotiations with either of these two potential acquisitions or with any other potential acquisition candidates will result in any letter of intent or definitive acquisition agreement. In light of significant macro-economic risks, and other domestic and international political, regulatory, and military uncertainties, we generally have pursued a conservative risk off mentality regarding the potential issuance of additional common stock of the Company, and regarding the pricing, term and other conditions of potential borrowings by the Company. 12 Table of Contents Employees GJacobs, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary, manages the Company s operations with the assistance of WJacobs, our President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, and NWarrender, our Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, under the Executive Employment Agreements described above. We expect to continue to use consultants, attorneys, accountants, other professionals and independent contractors as necessary. Reports to Security Holders LFTD Partners Inc. is subject to reporting obligations under the Exchange Act. These obligations include an annual report under cover of Form 10-K, with audited financial statements, unaudited quarterly reports under cover of Form 10-Q, occasional reports under cover of Form 8-K, and other required filings. The public may read and copy any materials LFTD Partners Inc. files with the SEC at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F Street, NE, Washington, DC 20549. The public may obtain information of the operation of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0030. The SEC maintains an Internet website (http://www.sec.gov) that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties Risk Factors ). In the following Risk Factors, the terms us , we , Company, LFTD Partners and Lifted are meant to include references to LFTD Partners, Lifted (including its collaborations, acquisitions, asset purchases and/or joint ventures), SmplyLifted, Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, as appropriate in the context of particular Risk Factors. These Risks Factors may cause our operations to vary materially from those contemplated by our forward-looking statements. These Risk Factors include: RISK FACTORS RELATING TO OUR COMPANY AND OUR STOCK Because we have a limited operating history, we may not be able to successfully manage our business or maintain profitability We have a limited operating history with Lifted, upon which you can evaluate our prospects and our potential value. Prior to that, we have not been profitable during most of our years of operation. We face many risks that could prevent us from maintaining profits in future years. We cannot assure you that we will be profitable in the future. Because Lifted is operating in relatively new and evolving industries, certain operating and business risks may not be recognized by management before substantial losses are incurred. For examples: in the third quarter of 2022, Lifted experienced substantial losses associated with clogged vapes, and in the fourth quarter of 2021, Lifted wrote off a substantial investment in tobacco-free nicotine pouches. No assurance or guarantee can be provided that future substantial losses will not occur. Our acquisition of Lifted and our prior acquisitions of 4.99 of the outstanding equity of each of Ablis, Bend Spirits and Bendistillery d/b/a Crater Lake Spirits, involve significant risk, and there can be no assurance that the business of Lifted, or 4.99 of the common stock of each of Ablis, Bend Spirits and Bendistillery d/b/a Crater Lake Spirits, will be successful or generate any profit or other financial benefit for our Company. Impairments of some or all of the value of our investments in Ablis, Bend Spirits and/or Bendistillery may occur. An inability by LFTD Partners to achieve financial benefit from Lifted, Ablis, Bend Spirits or Bendistillery may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We have incurred substantial losses in the past Prior to the acquisition of Lifted on February 24, 2020, the Company had no sources of revenue, and the Company had a history of recurring losses, which has resulted in an accumulated deficit of 4,238,735 as of December 31, 2022. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including the risks described in ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS , and unforeseen expenses, difficulties, legal or regulatory challenges, complications and delays and other unknown events. Any failure to achieve and sustain profitability may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We have substantial ongoing payment obligations We have substantial ongoing payment obligations, including payroll and benefits, rent and overhead costs, inventory purchases, professional fees, bonuses, preferred stock dividends, other operating expenses, income taxes, excise taxes, and other liabilities. Moreover, under the Omnibus Agreement, Lifted is obligated to purchase a building leased by Lifted from an affiliate of our Vice Chairman and COO NWarrender on or before December 31, 2023, for a fixed purchase price equal to 1,375,000. A failure to pay our financial obligations when they become due and payable may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 13 Table of Contents We may need to raise substantial amounts of additional capital to pay our ongoing obligations and to pay for our operations There is no guarantee that Lifted s operations will generate sufficient free cash flow to allow us to pay our ongoing obligations described in the preceding risk factor. We may need to raise millions of dollars of additional capital just to pay our ongoing obligations. There is no guarantee that we can obtain the funding needed to pay these ongoing obligations on acceptable terms, if at all, and neither our directors, officers, nor any third party is obligated to provide any financing. Failure to raise substantial amounts of additional capital may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may not be profitable in the future We have not been profitable during most of our years of operation. We face many risks that could prevent us from achieving profits in future years. We cannot assure you that we will be profitable. Failure to achieve profitability will materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Also, our efforts to grow our business may be more costly than we expect and we may not be able to increase our revenue enough to offset higher operating expenses. We may incur significant losses in the future for a number of reasons, including as a result of unforeseen laws, regulations, restrictions, taxes, expenses, difficulties, complications and delays, the other risks described herein and other unknown events. The amount of any future net losses will depend, in part, on the growth of our future expenses and our ability to generate revenue. Any future losses will have an adverse effect on our stockholders equity and working capital. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with producing and selling hemp-derived, psychoactive and potentially nicotine products, as outlined herein, we are unable to accurately predict our future financial results. Even if we achieve profitability in the future, we may not be able to sustain profitability in subsequent periods. If we are unable to achieve and sustain profitability, the market price of our common stock may significantly decrease and our ability to raise capital, expand our business or continue our operations may be impaired. Our failure to remain profitable would decrease the value of our Company and could impair our ability to raise capital, expand our business, diversify our product offerings and continue our operations. All of these risks may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. The going concern qualification in our financial statements adversely impacts our potential to raise capital Our annual financial statements contain a so-called going concern qualification. This qualification is attributable to the substantial risk factors associated with our business and the regulatory environment surrounding the industries in which we operate, which at the present time make it very difficult for our management to represent to our auditors that we will be able to continue as a going concern. The presence of the going concern qualification in our financial statements adversely impacts our potential to raise debt or equity capital on acceptable terms and conditions, if at all. This situation may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Our future profitability may be significantly reduced by our annual company-wide management bonus pool Our future profitability may be significantly reduced by our annual company-wide management bonus pool. Pursuant to the terms of the employment agreements that we have entered into with our senior executives, we have agreed to pay to our senior executives and their designees (who may include employees, contractors, consultants, and directors of our Company) an annual management bonus pool, which will be an aggregate annual amount that is equal to 33 of the amount, if any, by which our earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBITDA in a given calendar year exceeds our EBITDA during the prior calendar year, or 33 of the amount by which our EBITDA in a given calendar year exceeds a target amount that has been mutually agreed upon by the Chairman of our Compensation Committee of our Board of Directors and our senior executives. Depending upon the trajectory of our future growth, if any, in our EBITDA, the annual company-wide management bonus pool may turn out to be an extremely large amount of money. The obligation to pay such annual company-wide management bonus pool may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We are adversely affected by many significant economic, health, safety and financial issues Businesses are materially adversely affected by periods of significant economic slowdown or recession, wars, tariffs, pandemics, fears of inflation or deflation, rising interest rates, or a public perception that any of these events are occurring or may occur, which could adversely affect our revenues, results of operations, and cash flow. In addition, as they relate to our proposed acquisitions, the capital and credit markets have experienced volatility and disruption. National and global political, trade, financial and business conditions have experienced difficulties. Access to financing often is negatively impacted. Credit is often limited. In many cases, the markets have exerted downward pressure on stock prices and credit capacity for certain issuers. Prominent risks include high interest rates, wars, pandemics, supply chin disruptions, regulatory risks, tariffs, energy dislocations and costs, rising health care costs, social and political unrest, safety and health risks, and many other issues. These risks may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 14 Table of Contents Our payroll, benefits, sales commissions, rent and other operational costs are significant and growing Our operational costs are growing significantly. We now employ a total of over 170 people as employees and independent contractors. Our payroll and benefits costs, including health, dental and vision insurance for employees, are substantial. We have expanded into more leased spaces. Our costs for accountants, lawyers and other consultants are substantial. Our costs of raw materials, packaging, fulfillment and sales are growing. We have compensation arrangements for our salespeople that include significant commissions that are percentages of their sales, and a compensation arrangement for Lifted s Chief Strategy Officer that includes a bonus equal to 5 of total net sales for Lifted in excess of 6,000,000 per quarter. These and other significant operational costs may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Growth Capital may be unavailable or only available on dilutive, expensive, or otherwise unattractive or risky terms The continued expansion of our business will require Growth Capital. For example, from time to time, we may enter into transactions to acquire assets or the capital stock or other equity interests of other entities, and it is likely that closing such transactions will require a significant amount of cash. There can be no assurance that Lifted or any other acquisitions that we may make will be profitable or will generate the Growth Capital we need in the future. There can be no assurance that we will obtain Growth Capital from third party equity investors. Our ability to obtain Growth Capital from third party equity investors will depend on investor demand, our performance and reputation, market conditions and other factors. Our inability to obtain Growth Capital from third party equity investors could result in the delay or indefinite postponement of our current business objectives or in our inability to continue to carry on our business. Even if Growth Capital is available from third party equity investors, it may only be available on highly dilutive or otherwise unattractive terms and conditions. There can be no assurance that we will obtain Growth Capital from debt providers. Even if debt financing is available, it may only be available on very expensive or otherwise unattractive terms and conditions. For example, any debt financing secured in the future could involve restrictive covenants relating to capital raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may be operationally burdensome and may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. Debt financings may also contain provisions that, if breached, may entitle lenders or their agents to accelerate the repayment of loans or realize upon security over our assets, and there is no assurance that we would be able to repay such loans in such an event or prevent the exercise of rights granted to secured parties pursuant to any such debt financing. Debt agreements may also contain covenant restrictions that limit our ability to operate our business, including restrictions on our ability to invest in our existing facilities, incur additional debt or issue guarantees, create additional liens, repurchase stock or make other restricted payments. As a result of these covenants, our ability to respond to changes in business and economic conditions and to engage in beneficial transactions, including obtaining additional financing and pursuing business opportunities, may be restricted. In summary, we cannot assure you that we will be able to raise needed equity or debt capital on commercially acceptable terms, or at all. Delay, disruption, or failure to obtain sufficient financing may result in the delay or failure of our business plans. Our inability to raise sufficient Growth Capital on commercially acceptable terms, or at all, may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Our future capital requirements are uncertain Our aggregate future capital requirements are uncertain. The amount of capital that we will need in the future will depend on many factors that we cannot predict with any certainty, including: the market acceptance of Lifted s products and services; the amounts of packaging, inventory, employees, space and equipment that will be needed to operate our business and to be able to increase our production to meet consumer demand for our products in the future; the levels of promotion and advertising that will be required to launch Lifted s new products and services and to achieve and maintain a competitive position in the marketplace; our business, product, capital expenditures and technology plans, and product and technology roadmaps; technological advances; our competitors responses to our products and services; our pursuit of mergers and acquisitions; our relationships with our vendors and customers; and our need to attract and retain talented employees. The terms and conditions, amounts and timing of our capital raises may not be in sync with our capital needs, all of which may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Our common stock lacks a meaningful public market At present, only a limited market exists for our common stock with a low average daily trading volume. There is no assurance that a regular trading market will develop and if developed, that it will be sustained. A potential investor may choose not to invest because of the low trading volume in our common stock, and an existing owner of our common stock may be unable to sell our common stock should he or she desire to do so. Or, if an existing owner of our common stock decides to sell our common stock, such sales could drive the price of our common stock significantly lower. Furthermore, it is unlikely that a lending institution will accept our common stock as pledged collateral for loans. This lack of liquidity may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 15 Table of Contents Our common stock may never be listed on a recognized national exchange Our common stock trades on the OTCQB Venture Market. You should not assume that any effort to uplist the trading of our common stock to a recognized national exchange would be successful, or if successful, that compliance with the listing requirements of such recognized national exchange will be maintained, including but not limited to requirements associated with maintenance of a minimum net worth, minimum stock price, minimum number of shareholders, and ability to establish a sufficient number of market makers. A failure or inability to uplist the trading of our common stock to a recognized national exchange, or any failure to maintain compliance with the listing requirements of such recognized national exchange, may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Unless and until our common stock is approved for listing on a recognized national exchange, many potential investors may be unwilling to purchase our common stock Our common stock currently trades on the OTCQB Venture Market. Many funds and other potential investors are unable or unwilling to purchase stocks on the OTCQB Venture Market, being required or simply preferring to purchase stocks that have been approved for listing on a recognized national exchange, such as the NASDAQ or the NYSE. Recognizing this situation, we would like to uplist from the OTCQB Venture Market to a recognized national exchange such as NASDAQ, if and when we meet the NASDAQ s listing requirements. Unless and until we successfully uplist, potential investor interest in our common stock may be muted, which may adversely affect our company and the trading price of our common stock. Our common stock may be considered a penny stock and may be difficult to trade The U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC has adopted regulations which generally define penny stock to be an equity security that has a market or exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to specific exemptions. The market price of our common stock may be less than 5.00 per share and, therefore, may be designated as a penny stock according to SEC rules. This designation requires any broker or dealer selling these securities to disclose certain information concerning the transaction, to obtain a written agreement from the purchaser, and to determine that the purchaser is reasonably suitable to purchase the securities. These rules may restrict the ability of brokers or dealers to sell our common stock and may adversely affect the ability of investors to sell our common stock, and may materially adversely affect our business and the trading price of our common stock. Certain stock brokers will not handle our common stock Certain stock brokers will not handle our common stock, in light of the SEC penny stock rules and heightened internal compliance scrutiny. This situation has made it difficult for some potential investors to purchase our common stock, or even just to hold our common stock in their brokerage accounts. This situation may materially adversely affect our business and the trading price of our common stock. Options trading of our common stock is not currently possible At the present time, potential investors have no ability to purchase or sell options to trade in our common stock. This situation has made it difficult for some potential investors to accumulate positions in our common stock, or to achieve their desired level of liquidity in their position in our common stock. This situation may materially adversely affect our business and the trading price of our common stock. Our common stock lacks institutional or analyst support Our Company lacks institutional support. In addition, investment banks with research capabilities do not currently follow our common stock. This lack of institutional or analyst support lessens the trading volume and general market interest in our common stock, and may adversely affect an investor s ability to trade a significant amount of our common stock. This lack of institutional or analyst support may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Moreover, in the event that we obtain securities or industry analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts who cover us or our business downgrade our securities or publish inaccurate or unfavorable research about us or our business, our Company and the trading price of our common stock may be materially adversely affected. The public float of our common stock is small The public float of our common stock is small, which may limit the willingness or ability of some individuals, funds and institutions to invest in our common stock. This lack of liquidity may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. The trading price of our common stock may be volatile and could drop quickly and unexpectedly The stocks of micro-cap and small-cap companies have experienced substantial volatility in the past, often based on factors unrelated to the financial performance or prospects of the companies involved. These factors include macro-economic developments in North America and globally, financial crises, pandemics, trade wars, military conflicts, and market perceptions of the attractiveness of particular industries. This volatility may materially adversely affect our Company by making it more difficult to raise capital or complete acquisitions. In addition, securities class-action litigation often has been brought against companies following periods of volatility in the market price of their securities. Our Company may in the future be the target of similar litigation. Securities litigation could result in substantial costs and damages and divert our management s attention and resources away from our business. For these reasons and others, quick and unexpected drops in the trading price of our common stock are likely from time to time. Volatility in our common stock price may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 16 Table of Contents Sales of shares of our common stock, or the perception in the public markets that these sales may occur in the future, may cause the trading price of our common stock to fall Since the trading volume of our common stock is very low and the amount of our common stock in the public float is very small, any sales or attempts to sell our common stock, or the perception that sales or attempts to sell our common stock may occur, may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. The market price of our common stock may decline significantly as a result of sales of a large number of shares of our common stock in the market. In addition, if any of our significant stockholders sells a large number of shares, or if we issue a large number of shares, the market price of our stock may decline. We suspect, but cannot guarantee, that a significant portion of the selling pressure on our common stock during the past few months has been driven by investors who converted their shares of our Series A Convertible Preferred Stock at an exercise price of 1.00 per share, and who are now taking profits on their investments. Any issuance of additional common stock or common stock equivalents by us would result in dilution to our existing shareholders. Such issuances may be made at a price that reflects a discount to the then-current trading price of our common stock. Moreover, the perception in the public market that stockholders may sell shares of our stock or that we may issue additional shares of common stock may depress the market for our shares and make it more difficult for us to sell equity securities in the future at any time, if at all. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may issue additional shares of common stock, and options and warrants to purchase additional shares of common stock, without stockholder approval, which would dilute the current holders of our common stock. Our Board of Directors has authority, without action or vote of our shareholders, to issue shares of common stock, and/or options and warrants to purchase shares of common stock. We may issue shares of our common stock, or options or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock, to complete a business combination or to raise capital, or to incentivize our directors, officers and employees. Such stock issuances, and such issuances of options and warrants, could be made at a price that reflects a discount from the then-current trading price of our common stock. These issuances may dilute our stockholders ownership interests significantly. These issuances also may have the effect of reducing our stockholders influence on matters on which our stockholders vote. In addition, our stockholders and prospective investors may incur additional dilution if holders of currently outstanding stock options and warrants exercise those options or warrants to purchase shares of our common stock. This dilution may materially adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. The rights of the holders of our common stock may be impaired by the potential issuance of preferred stock Our certificate of incorporation gives our Board of Directors the right to create one or more new series of preferred stock. As a result, the Board of Directors may, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting, dividend, conversion, liquidation or other rights that may adversely affect the voting power and equity interests of the holders of our common stock. Preferred stock, which could be issued with the right to more than one vote per share, could be used to discourage, delay or prevent a change of control of our Company, which may materially adversely affect the price of our common stock. Our common stock may be subject to significant dilution Our capital raising may include the sale of significant numbers of shares of our common stock or other securities convertible into our common stock, and may also include the issuance of significant numbers of options, warrants or other securities convertible into shares of our common stock. We also may issue significant numbers of shares of our common stock, or options, warrants, or other securities convertible into shares of our common stock, as a portion of the consideration for acquisitions. We are also likely to issue significant numbers of shares of common stock, options and/or warrants, or rights to purchase warrants, to our officers, directors, employees and/or independent contractors, and to investment bankers and finders, especially in connection with the closing of capital raises and acquisitions, or as incentives to attract and retain talented personnel. Such transactions may significantly increase the number of outstanding shares of our common stock, and may be highly dilutive to our existing stockholders. In addition, the securities that we issue may have rights, preferences or privileges senior to those of the holders of our outstanding common stock. This dilution may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. In addition, we have options, warrants, and rights to purchase warrants, outstanding covering several million shares of our common stock. If all of these millions of options and warrants were to be exercised, the number of outstanding shares of our common stock would increase significantly. Moreover, additional shares may be issued in connection with future acquisition and business operations. This dilution may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Raising capital by selling our common stock or convertible preferred stock is difficult to accomplish Selling equity is difficult to accomplish in the current market, especially because the prices of stocks of many publicly traded cannabis companies have experienced significant declines. This difficulty may make future acquisitions either unlikely, or too difficult and expensive. This may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Raising capital by selling our common stock or convertible preferred stock could be expensive If we were to raise capital by selling common stock or securities convertible into common stock, it could be expensive. Many potential purchasers of equity securities in micro-cap and small-cap publicly traded companies with extremely low trading volumes are only willing to purchase at a significant discount to the trading price of the common stock of such companies. In addition, we may be required to pay cash fees and/or fees in the form of warrants equal to 7 or more of the gross sales proceeds raised, in addition to legal, accounting and other fees and expenses. In addition, when it becomes known within the investment community that an issuer is seeking to raise equity capital, it is common for the common stock of that issuer to be sold off in the market, lowering the trading price of the issuer s common stock in advance of the pricing of the issue. This may make our raising capital by selling equity securities significantly more expensive and materially adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. 17 Table of Contents Debt financing is difficult to obtain and could be expensive Debt financing is difficult to obtain in the current credit markets, especially for companies involved in the hemp-derived, psychoactive and nicotine industries. This difficulty may make future acquisitions either unlikely, or too difficult and expensive. Providers of debt may also be issued options, warrants, or rights to purchase warrants, to purchase shares of our common stock. This may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Raising capital by borrowing could be risky If we were to raise capital by borrowing amounts to fund our operations or for additional acquisitions, that would be risky. Interest rates charged to companies in the cannabis industry typically are high, and often have short terms. Cash is required to service the debt and ongoing covenants and negative covenants are typically employed which can restrict the way in which we operate our business. If the debt comes due either upon maturity or an event of default, we may lack the resources at that time to either pay off or refinance the debt, or if we are able to refinance, the refinancing may be on terms that are less favorable than those originally in place, and may require additional equity or quasi-equity accommodations. These risks may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Our financing decisions may be made without stockholder approval Our financing decisions and related decisions regarding levels of debt, capitalization, distributions, acquisitions and other key operating parameters are determined by our Board of Directors in its discretion, in many cases without any notice to or vote by our stockholders. This may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Our investor relations efforts may not be successful Our investor relations efforts may not be successful. At the present time, due to the facts that billions of dollars of market capitalization have been lost by publicly traded corporations in the cannabis industry, investor sentiment regarding equity or debt capital raises within the cannabis industry is profoundly negative. This negative investor sentiment, combined with many other negative macro factors such as inflation, recessionary pressures, global conflicts, supply chain issues and regulatory pressures associated with the pandemic, and interest rate increases triggered by the U.S. Federal Reserve, has made it extremely difficult for the Company to attract Growth Capital on acceptable terms and conditions. The Company can provide no guarantee or assurance whatsoever that this profoundly negative investor sentiment could be reversed by traditional investor relations efforts. This situation may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. An increase in interest rates may have an adverse effect on the trading price of our common stock An increase in market interest rates may tend to make our common stock less attractive relative to other investments, which may adversely affect the trading price of our common stock. Increases in taxes and regulatory compliance costs may reduce our margins Costs resulting from changes in or new income taxes, value added taxes, service taxes, sales and use taxes, excise taxes and other taxes may adversely affect our margins. These costs may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Tax interpretations and changes in tax regulations and legislation may adversely affect us Tax interpretations, regulations and legislation in the various jurisdictions in which we operate are subject to measurement uncertainty and the interpretations can impact net income, income tax expense or recovery, and deferred income tax assets or liabilities. Tax rules and regulations, including those relating to foreign jurisdictions, are subject to interpretation and require judgment by us that may be challenged by the applicable taxation authorities upon audit. Although we believe our assumptions, judgments and estimates are reasonable, changes in tax laws or our interpretation of tax laws and the resolution of any tax audits may significantly impact the amounts provided for income taxes in our consolidated financial statements. 18 Table of Contents On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (the Tax Act ). The Tax Act requires complex computations to be performed that were not previously required by U.S. tax law, significant judgments to be made in interpretation of the provisions of the U.S. Tax Act, significant estimates in calculations, and the preparation and analysis of information not previously relevant or regularly produced. The Tax Act reduced the U.S. federal statutory tax rate, broadened the corporate tax base through the elimination or reduction of deductions, exclusions, and credits, limited the ability of U.S. corporations to deduct interest expense, and transitioned to a territorial tax system which allows for the repatriation of foreign earnings to the U.S. with a 100 federal dividends received deduction prospectively. In addition, the Tax Act required a one-time transitional tax on foreign cash equivalents and previously unremitted earnings. Several of the new provisions enacted as part of the Tax Act require clarification and guidance from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS and Treasury Department. The Treasury Department, the IRS, and other standard-setting bodies will continue to interpret or issue guidance on how provisions of the Tax Act will be applied or otherwise administered. As future guidance is issued, we may make adjustments to amounts that we have previously recorded that may materially impact our financial statements in the period in which the adjustments are made. Additionally, further guidance may be forthcoming from the Financial Accounting Standards Board and SEC, as well as regulations, interpretations and rulings from state tax agencies, which could result in additional impacts, possibly with retroactive effect. Any such changes or potential additional impacts could adversely affect our business and financial condition. These or other changes in U.S. tax laws could impact our profits, effective tax rate, and cash flows. In addition, we may periodically restructure our legal entities and if taxing authorities were to disagree with our tax positions in connection with any such restructurings, our effective tax rate may be materially affected. In connection with such restructurings, we may also incur additional charges associated with consulting fees and other charges. In addition, changes in tax interpretations and changes in tax regulations and legislation may impose significant burdens upon our management s time and resources, and may require us to expend significant additional amounts on accounting, tax, legal and other matters. All of the foregoing may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We are adversely affected by regulatory uncertainties Regulatory uncertainties regarding potential adverse changes in federal and state laws and governmental regulations materially adversely affect our business and the trading price of our common stock. This risk is especially important relative to the hemp-derived, psychoactive products and nicotine products industries, which are controversial socially, scientifically and legally. This risk may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. A small number of stockholders have significant influence over us A small number of our stockholders and members of our board of directors and management acting together are able to exert significant influence over us through their ability to influence the election of directors and all other matters that require action by our stockholders. The voting power of these individuals may have the effect of preventing or delaying a change in control of our Company which they oppose even if our other stockholders believe it is in their best interests. In addition, our shareholders have authorized GJacobs to seek shareholders agreements and/or proxies from other parties, including potential future capital sources and the owners of potential future acquisition candidates. Pursuant to this authorization, GJacobs has signed a Stockholders Agreement with our largest stockholder, NWarrender, and with WJacobs, that will ensure that all 3,900,455 shares of our common stock issued to NWarrender in the Lifted Merger, and the many shares of our common stock owned and controlled by GJacobs and WJacobs, will be voted in concert on the election of directors, compensation matters, acquisitions and divestitures, capital raises, and other significant matters. Accordingly, our officers GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender, voting together, have substantial influence over our policies and management. We may take actions supported by the three of them that may not be viewed by some stockholders to be in our best interest, or the three of them could prevent or delay a change in our control which they oppose even if our other stockholders believe it is in their best interests. This may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 19 Table of Contents State law and our articles of incorporation and bylaws help preserve insiders control over us Provisions of Nevada state law, our articles of incorporation and bylaws may discourage, delay or prevent a change in our management team that stockholders may consider favorable. These provisions may include: (1) authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock without any need for action by stockholders; (2) permitting stockholder action by written consent; and (3) establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to the board of directors, or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings. These provisions, if included in our articles of incorporation or by-laws, could allow our board of directors to affect an investor s rights as a stockholder since our board of directors could make it more difficult for preferred stockholders or common stockholders to replace members of the board of directors. Because the board of directors is responsible for appointing the members of the management team, these provisions may in turn affect any attempt to replace the current or future management team. These factors may adversely affect our Company or the trading price of our Stock. Retaining and attracting directors and officers may be expensive We cannot make any assurances regarding the retention of our current directors and officers. We do not currently have any director and officer liability insurance, which is a disincentive to serving as a director or officer of our Company. Some of our directors and officers may resign upon our raising money, upon our consummation of a business combination, or otherwise. Attracting new directors and officers, and retaining our current directors and officers, may be expensive. Other publicly traded companies pay their directors and officers significantly more than we do. The costs of future cash, bonus and equity incentives to retain and attract directors and officers may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We indemnify our directors and officers, and certain other parties Our bylaws specifically limit the liability of our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. As a result, aggrieved parties may have a more limited right to action than they would have had if such provisions were not present. The bylaws also provide for indemnification of our officers and directors for any losses or liabilities they may incur as a result of the manner in which they operated our business or conducted internal affairs, provided that in connection with these activities they acted in good faith and in a manner which they reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, our best interest. In the ordinary course of business, we also may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, lessors, business partners, independent contractors and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of our breach of such agreements, services to be provided by us, or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third-parties. We may also agree to indemnify former officers, directors, employees and independent contractors of acquired companies in connection with the acquisition of such companies. Such indemnification agreements may not be subject to maximum loss clauses. It is not possible to determine the maximum potential amount of exposure in regard to these obligations to indemnify, due to the limited history of prior indemnification claims and the unique facts and circumstances involved in each particular situation. Use of our capital or assets for such indemnification would reduce amounts available for Company operations or for other purposes, which may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We do not expect to pay dividends to holders of our common stock For the foreseeable future, it is anticipated that earnings, if any, which may be generated from our operations will be used to finance our growth and that dividends may not be paid to the holders of our common stock, which may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Our cost of being a publicly traded company will increase as our business operations expand As we grow, our management expenses, legal, consulting and accounting fees, and other costs associated with being a publicly traded company will continue to increase. We have been hiring additional employees and professionals in order to have appropriate internal financial controls and accurate financial reporting, and otherwise to comply with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). In December 2021, the Company engaged a third party consulting firm that specializes in the implementation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to assist management with the implementation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; we expect the services of this consulting firm to be costly. Our management expenses, legal and accounting fees, and other costs associated with being a publicly traded company may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Decreased effectiveness of stock options and warrants could adversely affect our ability to attract and retain employees We expect to use stock options, warrants, and/or rights to purchase warrants to purchase common stock as key components of our employee compensation program in order to align employees interests with the interests of our stockholders, encourage employee retention, and to provide competitive compensation packages. Volatility or lack of positive performance in our common stock price may adversely affect our ability to retain key employees or to attract additional highly-qualified personnel. At any given time, a portion of our outstanding employee stock options, warrants, and/or rights to purchase warrants to purchase common stock may have exercise prices in excess of our then-current common stock trading price, or may have expired worthless. To the extent these circumstances occur, our ability to retain employees may be adversely affected. As a result, we may have to incur increased compensation costs, change our equity compensation strategy, or find it difficult to attract, retain and motivate employees. Any of these situations may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 20 Table of Contents The Company's earnings will be reduced by stock compensation resulting from the issuance of 645,000 shares of Deferred Contingent Stock pursuant to the terms of the Lifted Merger Pursuant to the terms of the Lifted Merger, a total of 645,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company were designated as contingent deferred compensation (the Deferred Contingent Stock payable after the third anniversary of the Lifted Merger to certain employees of Lifted and the Company who have been specified by NWarrender in his discretion (the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients ), subject to certain conditions and requirements. During the period from February 24, 2023 through the date of filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, certain shares of the Deferred Contingent Stock have been issued to certain of the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients as described in NOTE 15 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS. The issuance of shares of Deferred Contingent Stock is accounted for and reported as stock compensation as of the date of issuance, which will reduce the Company's earnings during the first quarter of 2023 and during subsequent quarters until all of the Deferred Contingent Stock has been issued. The issuance of the Deferred Contingent Stock will increase the number of outstanding shares of our common stock, and will thereby decrease our earnings per share. This may adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. The potential sale of Deferred Contingent Stock by the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients may depress the trading price of our common stock Pursuant to the terms of the Lifted Merger, on and after February 24, 2023, certain shares of the Deferred Contingent Stock have been issued to certain of the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients; please refer to NOTE 15 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS to read about the Deferred Contingent Stock that has been issued on and after February 24, 2023 through the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients may find it necessary or desirable to sell all or a portion of their Deferred Contingent Stock. This may adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO ACCOUNTING AND INTERNAL FINANCIAL CONTROLS Tax and accounting requirements may change in ways that are unforeseen to us and we may face difficulty or be unable to implement or comply with any such changes We are subject to numerous tax and accounting requirements, and changes in existing accounting or taxation rules or practices, or varying interpretations of current rules or practices, could have a significant adverse effect on our financial results, our financial and operational resources, and the manner in which we conduct our business or the marketability of any of our products. We plan to expand our operations in the future. These operations, and any expansion thereto, will require us to comply with the tax laws and regulations of multiple jurisdictions, within and outside of the United States of America, which may vary substantially. Complying with the tax laws of these jurisdictions can be time consuming and expensive and could potentially subject us to penalties and fees in the future if we fail to comply. These factors may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may have exposure to greater than anticipated tax liabilities, which may harm our business We may be subject to tax audits by federal, state, and local tax authorities, both within and outside of the United States of America. Any adverse outcome from a tax audit could seriously harm our business. In addition, determining our tax liabilities requires significant judgment by management, and there may be transactions where the ultimate tax determination is uncertain. Although we believe that the tax liabilities recorded in our financial statements are reasonable, the ultimate tax outcome relating to such amounts may differ for such period or periods and may seriously harm our business. Furthermore, due to shifting economic and political conditions, tax policies, laws, or rates in various jurisdictions, we may be subject to significant changes in ways that impair our financial results. Our results of operations and cash flows may be adversely affected by additional taxes imposed on us prospectively or retroactively or additional taxes or penalties resulting from the failure to comply with any collection obligations or failure to provide information for tax reporting purposes to various government agencies. These factors may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 21 Table of Contents We incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company and our management is required to devote substantial time to new compliance initiatives As a public company, we incur significant legal, accounting, consulting and other expenses. In addition, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and rules implemented by the SEC, impose various requirements on public companies, including requirements to file annual, quarterly and event-driven reports with respect to our business and financial condition and operations and to establish and maintain effective disclosure and financial controls and corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel may fail to improve or maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting ICFR and disclosure controls and procedures DCP necessary to ensure timely and accurate reporting of operational and financial results. Our management team has to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance initiatives, and we may need to hire additional personnel to assist us with complying with these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations have increased and will continue to increase our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time consuming and costly. As mentioned above, the Company has engaged a third party consulting firm that specializes in the implementation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to assist management with the implementation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; the services of this consulting firm are costly. Pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act Section 404 ), we will be required to furnish a report by our management on our ICFR, which, after we have met certain requirements, must be accompanied by an attestation report on ICFR issued by our independent registered public accounting firm. To achieve compliance with Section 404 within the prescribed period, we will document and evaluate our ICFR, which is both costly, time-consuming and challenging. In this regard, we will need to continue to dedicate internal resources and adopt a detailed work plan to assess and document the adequacy of our ICFR, continue steps to improve control processes as appropriate, validate through testing that controls are functioning as documented, and implement a continuous reporting and improvement process for ICFR. Despite our efforts, there is a risk that we will not be able to conclude within the prescribed timeframe that our ICFR is effective as required by Section 404. This may result in one or more material weaknesses in our ICFR, which may cause an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence in the reliability of our financial statements, which may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Management may not be able to successfully implement adequate internal controls over financial reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. As defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d(f) under the Exchange Act, internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with United States Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). Proper systems of ICFR and disclosure are critical to the operation of a public company. However, management may not be able to successfully establish and maintain effective internal controls over financial reporting, and our DCP or ICFR may not prevent all errors and all fraud. Due to complications associated with organic growth and acquisitions, and with modifications to internal control over financial reporting and other policies and procedures associated with many factors, our internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions or operations, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Our efforts to remediate material weaknesses may not be effective or prevent future material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. It is not expected that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error or fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and the benefits of such controls must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. Due to the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected in a timely manner or at all. The inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple errors or mistakes. Controls can also be circumvented by individual acts of certain persons, by collusion of two or more people or by management override of the controls. Due to the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and may not be detected in a timely manner or at all. We cannot guarantee that we will not have a material weakness in our internal controls in the future. We anticipate that sometime within the next two years, we are going to be subject to having our internal financial controls audited by our outside accounting firm pursuant to the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. We are making, and are continuing to make, efforts to design, implement and document these internal financial controls, but these internal financial controls are complicated, time-consuming and expensive. Our internal financial controls are not complete, and additional work is required, which will continue to require substantial expenditure of management time and consulting fees. If the internal financial controls are deemed to not have been designed properly, or if they are not documented properly, or if they are implemented improperly or inadequately documented or deemed to be ineffective, our internal financial controls may not be approved by our outside auditors, and consequently our reputation may be damaged, or we may be subject to scrutiny by regulators or investors. If we experience any material weakness in our internal controls in the future, our financial statements may contain misstatements and we may be required to restate our financial statements. If we cannot provide reliable financial reports or prevent fraud, or if we are required to restate our financial statements, our reputation and operating results may be materially and adversely affected. All of these factors may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO LIFTED, BENDISTILLERY, BEND SPIRITS AND ABLIS (COLLECTIVELY, LIFTED AND FUTURE ACQUISITIONS The FDA has not approved any of Lifted s products for any medical purpose, and Lifted could face cease and desist letters, lawsuits or other enforcement actions by the FDA or DEA Lifted has not applied to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA for any approvals of any of Lifted s products, and may never do so. The FDA has not approved any of Lifted s products for any medical purpose, and may never do so. Lifted may be subject to cease and desist letters, lawsuits or other enforcement actions by the FDA or the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA for failure to obtain FDA or DEA approval of its products, or for Lifted s packaging, labeling, advertisements and promotions of its products without any FDA or DEA approvals. For example, the FDA might take action against Lifted alleging that Lifted has engaged in the promotion of an unapproved drug. Historically, the FDA has issued cease and desist letters, filed lawsuits and taken enforcement actions against Lifted and other companies selling products that are similar to the products that Lifted sells. Defending cease and desist letters, lawsuits or other enforcement actions by the FDA or DEA may cause Lifted and LFTD Partners to expend a great deal of management time and legal fees. Any cease and desist letters, lawsuits or other enforcement actions by the FDA or DEA may have a material adverse effect on our company and the trading price of our common stock. 22 Table of Contents Investors may file litigation including class action lawsuits against Lifted and/or LFTD Partners because the FDA has not approved Lifted s products for any medical purpose, or because the FDA or DEA has issued cease and desist letters, or brought lawsuits or other enforcement actions against Lifted, or for other reasons associated with the packaging, labeling, advertising, promotion, medical claims, ineffectiveness, or other characteristics of Lifted s products Investors may file litigation including class action lawsuits against Lifted and/or LFTD Partners for many different reasons, such as: (1) Lifted has not applied to the FDA for any approvals of any of Lifted s products, and may never do so; (2) The FDA has not approved any of Lifted s products for any medical purpose, and may never do so; (3) Lifted may be subject to cease and desist letters, lawsuits or other enforcement actions by the FDA for failure to obtain FDA approval of its products, or for Lifted s packaging, labeling, advertisements and promotions of its products without any FDA approvals. For example, the FDA might take action against Lifted alleging that Lifted has engaged in the promotion of an unapproved drug. The FDA has issued cease and desist letters, filed lawsuits and taken enforcement actions against Lifted and other companies selling cannabinoid products that are similar to Lifted s products; (4) Lifted may be subject to cease and desist letters, lawsuits or other enforcement actions by the DEA alleging that Lifted s products are illegal; and (5) Investors may file litigation including class action lawsuits against Lifted and/or LFTD Partners for other reasons associated with the packaging, labeling, advertising, promotion, medical claims, ineffectiveness, or other characteristics of Lifted s products. Defending lawsuits by investors may cause Lifted and LFTD Partners to expend a great deal of management time and legal fees. Any lawsuits by investors may have a material adverse effect on our company and the trading price of our common stock. Investors may file litigation including class action lawsuits against Lifted and/or LFTD Partners due to drops in the trading price of LFTD Partners common stock triggered by FDA or DEA cease and desist letters, lawsuits or enforcement actions against Lifted Our common stock has relatively low trading volume, and the trading price is volatile. FDA or DEA cease and desist letters, lawsuits or enforcement actions against Lifted may cause drops in the trading price of LFTD Partners common stock. Defending lawsuits by investors may cause Lifted and LFTD Partners to expend a great deal of management time and legal fees. Any lawsuits by investors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. The Preventing Online Sales of E-Cigarettes to Children Act may have a material adverse effect on certain portions of Lifted s online sales The Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2021 signed into law on December 27, 2020, includes the Preventing Online Sales of E-Cigarettes to Children Act, which extends the Jenkins Act and Prevent All Cigarette Trafficking Act PACT to cover all electronic nicotine delivery system ENDS products, including related accessories that do not contain nicotine (collectively, the Amended PACT Act ). Under the Amended PACT Act, the United States Postal Service USPS was required to impose new restrictions that prohibit the shipping of ENDS products through USPS no later than April 2021. The Amended PACT Act also imposes a number of stringent requirements for online sales. As of March 27, 2021, online vape retailers were required to: (1) engage in third party identity verification for all sales; (2) use a shipping service that verifies age at delivery; (3) follow all Amended PACT Act shipping requirements; (4) register with the US Attorney General; (5) register with the tobacco tax administrator of any state in which products are sold; (6) collect all applicable local taxes; (7) share all transactions for a state with that state s tax administrator following that state s reporting rules; and (8) maintain records of any delivery interruptions or incomplete deliveries due to failure to confirm identity for five years. These requirements are applicable to certain portions of Lifted s online sales, and cause the online sale and delivery of certain of Lifted s products to be restricted. The state-by-state reporting requirements of the Amended PACT Act are time-consuming. No assurance or guarantee whatsoever can be provided that the Amended Pact Act will not have a material adverse impact on a portion of Lifted s future online sales. The Amended Pact Act may have a material adverse effect on Lifted and LFTD Partners and on the trading price of our common stock. Pandemics or disease outbreaks, such as the novel coronavirus, may disrupt consumption and trade patterns, supply chains, and production processes, which may materially affect Lifted s and target companies operations and results of operations Pandemics or disease outbreaks such as the novel coronavirus known as COVID-19 may depress demand for products manufactured by Lifted and target companies for many reasons. Governmentally imposed restrictions on public gatherings or interactions may limit Lifted s and target companies ability to manufacture, sell and distribute their products, and may also restrict Lifted s and target companies customers and consumers ability or willingness to purchase Lifted s and target companies products. The spread of pandemics or disease outbreaks such as COVID-19 may also disrupt logistics necessary to import, export, and deliver products to Lifted, target companies and their customers. Ports and other channels of entry may be closed or operate at only a portion of capacity, as workers may be prohibited or otherwise unable to report to work, and means of transporting products within regions or countries may be limited for the same reason. Lifted s and target companies operations may become limited in their ability to procure, deliver, produce or distribute their products because of transport restrictions related to quarantines or travel bans. Workforce limitations and travel restrictions resulting from pandemics or disease outbreaks and related government actions may impact many aspects of Lifted s and target companies businesses. If a significant percentage of Lifted s or target companies workforce is unable to work, including because of illness or travel or government restrictions in connection with pandemics or disease outbreaks, Lifted s and target companies operations may be negatively impacted. In addition, pandemics or disease outbreaks could result in a widespread health crisis that may adversely affect the economies and financial markets of many countries, resulting in an economic downturn that may affect customers demand for Lifted s and target companies products, all of which may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies, or the hemp-derived, psychoactive and nicotine industries more generally, may receive unfavorable publicity or become subject to negative consumer or investor perception The hemp-derived, psychoactive and nicotine industries are highly dependent upon positive consumer and investor perception regarding the benefits, safety, efficacy and quality of the hemp-derived, psychoactive and nicotine products sold to consumers. The perception of the hemp-derived, psychoactive and nicotine products industries, and hemp-derived, psychoactive and nicotine products, currently and in the future, may be significantly influenced by scientific research or findings, regulatory investigations, litigation, political statements, media attention and other publicity (whether or not accurate or with merit) relating to the consumption of hemp-derived, psychoactive or nicotine products, including unexpected safety or efficacy concerns arising with respect to hemp-derived, psychoactive or nicotine products or the activities of industry participants. There can be no assurance that future scientific research, findings, regulatory proceedings, litigation, media or governmental attention or other research findings or publicity will be favorable to the hemp-derived, psychoactive or nicotine markets. Adverse future scientific research reports, findings and regulatory proceedings that are, or litigation, media attention or other publicity that is, perceived as less favorable than, or that questions earlier research reports, findings or publicity (whether or not accurate or with merit) may result in a significant reduction in the demand for Lifted s and target companies products. Further, adverse publicity reports or other media attention regarding the safety, efficacy and quality of hemp-derived, psychoactive or nicotine products, or of Lifted s and target companies products specifically, or associating the consumption of hemp-derived, psychoactive or nicotine products with illness or other negative effects or events, may adversely affect Lifted and target companies. This adverse publicity may arise even if the adverse effects associated with hemp-derived, psychoactive or nicotine products resulted from consumers failure to use such products legally, appropriately or as directed, and may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 23 Table of Contents Nicotine is an addictive chemical and governmental health authorities want to curb its use Nicotine is a highly addictive chemical, and governmental health authorities want to curb its use, especially by minors. If Lifted and target companies become involved in the sale of products containing nicotine, it is highly likely that those nicotine products will be subject to extensive scrutiny, regulations, restrictions and/or prohibition by governmental health authorities in order to curb nicotine use. Such governmental action may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Many nicotine-containing products have been linked to cancer Many nicotine-containing products such as cigarettes and cigars have been linked to lung, mouth, throat and other cancers. If Lifted and target companies become involved in the sale of products containing nicotine, and if Lifted s and target companies nicotine-containing products are perceived by government health authorities, or proven by scientific studies, as being carcinogenic, then such products could be subject to regulations, restrictions and/or prohibitions by governmental health authorities in order to prevent cancer. Governmental regulations may already prohibit or require warning labels to be displayed on such products in certain jurisdictions. Lawsuits related to the use of such products may also occur. Such governmental regulations, restrictions and/or prohibitions by governmental health authorities, and such lawsuits, may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Some vaping products may have been linked to deaths and illnesses Federal, state and local authorities are investigating deaths and illnesses apparently related to vaping. We can provide no guarantees or assurances that nicotine products, vapes, e-liquids and electronic cigarettes will not be prohibited, banned and/or heavily regulated in response to these deaths and illnesses, nor that Lifted and target companies will not be sued by customers who use Lifted s and target companies nicotine products, vapes, e-liquids and electronic cigarette products. Prohibition, banning or regulation of such products, or lawsuits related to the use of Lifted s products, may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. If Lifted and target companies are not able to comply with all safety, health and environmental regulations applicable to their operations and industry, they may be held liable for any breaches of those regulations Safety, health and environmental laws and regulations may affect aspects of Lifted s and target companies operations, including product development, working conditions, waste disposal, emission controls, the maintenance of air and water quality standards and land reclamation, and, with respect to environmental laws and regulations, impose limitations on the generation, transportation, storage and disposal of solid and hazardous waste. Lifted and target companies may also follow other standards for the conduct of their operations and may be subject to ongoing compliance inspections in respect of these standards. Compliance with safety, health and environmental laws and regulations may require significant expenditures, and failure to comply with such safety, health and environmental laws and regulations may result in the imposition of fines and penalties, the temporary or permanent suspension of operations, the imposition of clean-up costs resulting from contaminated properties, the imposition of damages and the loss of or refusal of governmental authorities to issue permits or licenses to Lifted or the target companies or to certify Lifted s or target companies compliance with good manufacturing practices GMP standards. Exposure to these liabilities may arise in connection with Lifted s or target companies existing operations, their historical operations and operations that they may undertake in the future. They could also be held liable for worker exposure to hazardous substances and for accidents causing injury or death. There can be no assurance that Lifted or target companies will at all times be in compliance with all safety, health and environmental laws and regulations notwithstanding Lifted s or target companies attempts to comply with such laws and regulations. Changes in applicable safety, health and environmental standards may impose stricter standards and enforcement, increased fines and penalties for non-compliance, more stringent environmental assessments of proposed projects and a heightened degree of responsibility for Lifted and target companies and their officers, directors and employees. Lifted and target companies may not be able to determine the specific impact that future changes in safety, health and environmental laws and regulations may have on their industry, operations and/or activities and our resulting financial position; however, Lifted and target companies may anticipate that capital expenditures and operating expenses may increase in the future as a result of the implementation of new and increasingly stringent safety, health and environmental laws and regulations. Further changes in safety, health and environmental laws and regulations, new information on existing safety, health and environmental conditions or other events, including legal proceedings based upon such conditions or an inability to obtain necessary permits in relation thereto, may require increased compliance expenditures by Lifted and target companies. This may have a material adverse effect on Lifted and the trading price of our common stock. 24 Table of Contents Lifted and target companies may lose profits or become subject to liability arising from any breach of contract or fraudulent or illegal activity by our suppliers, testing labs, employees, independent contractors, consultants and others Lifted and target companies are exposed to the risk that their suppliers, testing labs, employees, independent contractors, consultants, service providers, business partners and licensors may engage in breach of contract or fraudulent, disreputable or other illegal activity. Misconduct by these parties could include, but is not limited to, intentional undertakings of unauthorized activities, or reckless or negligent undertakings of authorized activities, in each case on Lifted s or target companies behalf or in Lifted s or target companies service that violate: (i) confidentiality agreements; (ii) other contracts; (iii) government regulations; (iv) manufacturing standards; (v) laws that require the true, complete and accurate reporting of financial information or data; or (vi) Lifted s or target companies agreements with insurers. Or, an individual or company may illicitly replicate Lifted s and target companies products and attempt to sell these knock-off products as Lifted or as Lifted s agent. Consequently, Lifted and target companies could be exposed to the loss of sales, revenue and profits, class action and other litigation, increased governmental inspections and related sanctions, the loss of any compliance certifications or the inability to obtain future compliance certifications, and reputational or brand damage as a result of prohibited activities that are undertaken without Lifted s or target companies knowledge or permission and contrary to Lifted s and target companies confidentiality agreements, contracts, internal policies, procedures and operating requirements. Lifted and target companies may be required to expend substantial time, effort and legal fees in order to address such situations. Lifted and target companies may not always identify and prevent misconduct by their suppliers, testing labs, employees, independent contractors, consultants, service providers, business partners and licensors, and the precautions taken by Lifted and target companies to detect and prevent this activity may not be effective in controlling unknown, unanticipated or unmanaged risks or losses or in protecting Lifted and target companies from governmental investigations or other actions or lawsuits stemming from such misconduct. If any such actions are instituted against Lifted and target companies, and Lifted and target companies are not successful in defending themselves or asserting their rights, those actions may have a significant impact on their businesses, including the imposition of civil, criminal or administrative penalties, damages, monetary fines and contractual damages, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings or curtailment of their operations. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted, Lifted s co-packers and target companies may experience breaches of security at their facilities or loss as a result of the theft of their products Because of the concentration of inventory at Lifted s, Lifted s co-packers, and target companies facilities, Lifted, Lifted s co-packers, and target companies are subject to the risk of theft of their products and other security breaches. A security breach at Lifted s, Lifted s co-packers, or a target company s facility may result in a significant loss of available products, expose Lifted or the target company to additional liability under applicable regulations and to potentially costly litigation or increased expenses relating to the resolution and future prevention of similar thefts, any of which may have an adverse effect on Lifted s and the target company s business, financial condition and results of operations. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may be subject to risks related to their information technology systems, including the risk that they may be the subject of a cyber-attack and the risk that they may be in non-compliance with applicable privacy laws Lifted and target companies may have purchased or entered into agreements with third parties for website services, hardware, networks, equipment, software, payment processing services, website plug-in software, applications, telecommunications and other information technology services IT in connection with their operations. Lifted s and target companies operations may depend, in part, on how well they and their vendors protect their IT against damage from a number of threats, including, but not limited to, cable cuts, damage to physical plants, natural disasters, intentional damage and destruction, fire, power loss, disruptions in internet and mobile commerce, hacking, computer viruses, vandalism, theft, malware, ransomware and phishing attacks. Any of these and other events may result in IT failures, operational and financial reporting delays, increases in capital expenses, including potentially ransom payments, or other potential costs and business disruptions that may result if Lifted s or target companies customers assert claims regarding Lifted s or target companies technology. Lifted s and target companies operations may also depend on the timely maintenance, upgrade and replacement of networks, equipment and IT systems, software and applications, as well as preemptive expenses to mitigate the risks of failures. The failure of IT systems, or a component of IT systems, may, depending on the nature of any such failure, adversely impact Lifted s and target companies reputations and results of operations. There are a number of laws protecting the confidentiality of customer personal information, and restricting the use and disclosure of that protected information. Lifted and target companies may collect and store personal information about their customers and are responsible for protecting that information from privacy breaches. A privacy breach may occur through a procedural or process failure, an IT malfunction or deliberate unauthorized intrusions. Theft of data for competitive purposes, particularly customer lists and preferences, is an ongoing risk whether perpetrated through employee collusion or negligence or through deliberate cyber-attack. Moreover, if Lifted or target companies are found to be in violation of the privacy or security rules under laws protecting the confidentiality of customer information, including as a result of data theft and privacy breaches, Lifted and target companies may be subject to sanctions and civil or criminal penalties, which may increase their liabilities and harm their reputations. As cyber threats continue to evolve, Lifted and target companies may be required to expand significant additional resources to continue to modify or enhance their protective measures or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. While Lifted and target companies may have implemented security resources to protect their data security and IT, such measures may not prevent such events. Significant disruption to their information technology system or breaches of data security may have a material adverse effect on their business financial condition and results of operations. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 25 Table of Contents Lifted s and target companies production and shipping facilities are integral to their businesses and adverse changes or developments affecting our facilities may have an adverse impact on our business Lifted and target companies production and shipping facilities are integral to their businesses. Adverse changes or developments affecting these facilities, including, but not limited to, the spoiling of raw and finished goods, a fire, an explosion, equipment failure, a power failure, a natural disaster, inclement weather, an epidemic, pandemic or other public health crisis, or a material failure of our security infrastructure, could reduce or require Lifted and target companies to entirely suspend operations at the affected facilities. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may be unable to grow Lifted and target companies businesses are subject to a variety of business risks generally associated with developing companies. Lifted s and target companies ability to grow, and to expand and maintain market acceptance for their products, will depend on a number of factors, many of which may be beyond their control. Future development and expansion could place significant strain on Lifted s and target companies management personnel and likely will require them to recruit additional management personnel, and there is no assurance that they will be able to do so. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted s and target companies may be unable to expand their operations quickly enough to meet demand or manage their operations beyond their current scale There can be no assurance that Lifted and target companies will be able to manage their expanding operations effectively, that they will be able to sustain or accelerate their growth, or that such growth, if achieved, will result in profitable operations, or that Lifted and target companies will be able to attract and retain sufficient management personnel necessary for continued growth. Demand for Lifted s and target companies products is dependent on a number of social, political and economic factors that are beyond Lifted s and target companies control. There is no assurance that an increase in existing demand will occur, that Lifted and target companies will benefit from any such demand increase or that their businesses will remain profitable even in the event of such an increase in demand. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may experience significant fluctuations in their operating results and growth rate Lifted and target companies may not be able to accurately forecast their growth rate. Lifted s and target companies revenue growth may not be sustainable, and their percentage growth rates may decrease. Lifted s and target companies revenue and operating profit growth may depend on the continued growth of demand for their products and services, and their businesses may be affected by general economic and business conditions worldwide, and an evolving regulatory and legal landscape for Lifted s and target companies products. A softening of demand, whether caused by changes in customer preferences or a weakening of the U.S. or global economies, may result in decreased revenue or growth. Lifted s and target companies sales and operating results may also fluctuate for many other reasons, including due to risks described elsewhere in this section and due to risks and uncertainties associated with the following topics and issues: Issues associated with the legality or safety of products containing hemp-derived cannabinoids, psychoactive substances and nicotine; Labor unavailability, supply chain disruptions, and other issues and problems associated with pandemics and other force majeure-type events and conditions; Lifted s and target companies ability to retain and increase sales to existing customers, attract new customers, satisfy their customers demands, and maintain profit margins; Lifted s and target companies ability to retain and expand their network of wholesalers and distributors; Lifted s and target companies ability to expand their online sales; Competition from substantially larger and financially stronger competitors; Continued access to inventory and suppliers, some of whom may be acquired by competitors or otherwise become unavailable to Lifted and target companies; Lifted s and target companies ability to offer products on favorable terms, manage inventory, and fulfill orders; The introduction of competitive stores, websites, applications, products, services, price decreases, or improvements, and changes in consumer preferences and trends; Changes in usage or adoption rates of the internet, e-commerce, electronic devices, and web services, including outside the U.S.; Timing, effectiveness, and costs of expansion and upgrades of Lifted s and target companies systems and infrastructure; The success of Lifted s and target companies geographic, service, and product line expansions; Lifted s and target companies ability to properly store inventory to avoid spoilage and to ensure that devices (such as vapes) work properly; The extent to which Lifted and target companies finance, and the terms of any such financing for, Lifted s and target companies current operations and future growth; 26 Table of Contents The outcomes of legal proceedings and claims, which may include significant settlement costs, legal fees, monetary damages or injunctive relief and could have a material adverse impact on Lifted s and target companies operating results; Variations in the mix of products and services that Lifted and target companies sell; Variations in Lifted s and target companies level of merchandise and vendor returns; The extent to which Lifted and target companies offer favorable shipping terms, reduce prices, offer discounts, and provide additional benefits to their customers; Factors affecting Lifted s and target companies reputations or brand images; The extent to which Lifted and target companies invest in technology and content, fulfillment, and other expense categories; Increases in the prices of energy products and commodities like plastic, batteries, paper and packing supplies; The ability to collect amounts owed to Lifted and target companies when they become due; The extent to which Lifted and target companies are affected by spyware, viruses, phishing and other spam emails, denial of service attacks, data theft, computer intrusions, outages, and similar events; and Terrorist attacks and armed hostilities. Lifted and target companies may be subject to risks related to the protection and enforcement of their intellectual property rights, or intellectual property they license from others, and may become subject to allegations that they or their licensors are in violation of intellectual property rights of third parties The ownership, licensing and protection of trademarks, patents and intellectual property rights may be significant aspects of Lifted s and target companies future success. Unauthorized parties may attempt to replicate or otherwise obtain and use Lifted s and target companies look and feel, packaging, products and technology. Policing the unauthorized use of Lifted s and target companies current or future trademarks, patents or other intellectual property rights now or in the future may be difficult, expensive, time consuming and unpredictable, as may be enforcing these rights against the unauthorized use by others. Identifying the unauthorized use of intellectual property rights is difficult as Lifted and target companies may be unable to effectively monitor and evaluate the products being distributed by their competitors, and the processes used to produce such products. In addition, in any infringement proceeding, some or all of Lifted s and target companies trademarks, patents or other intellectual property rights or other proprietary know-how, and that which they may license from others, or arrangements or agreements seeking to protect the same for Lifted s and target companies benefit, may be found invalid, unenforceable, anticompetitive or not infringed or may be interpreted narrowly and such proceeding may put existing intellectual property applications at risk of not being issued. In addition, other parties may claim that Lifted s and target companies products, or those that they license from others, infringe on their proprietary, copyright or patent protected rights. Such claims, whether or not meritorious, may result in the expenditure of significant financial and managerial resources and legal fees, result in injunctions or temporary restraining orders or require the payment of damages. As well, Lifted and target companies may need to obtain licenses from third parties who allege that Lifted and target companies have infringed on their lawful rights. Such licenses may not be available on terms acceptable to Lifted and target companies, or at all. In addition, Lifted and target companies may not be able to obtain or utilize on terms that are favorable to them, or at all, licenses or other rights with respect to intellectual property that they do not own. Lifted and target companies may also rely on certain trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information that are not protected by patents to maintain their competitive position. Lifted s and target companies trade secrets, technical know-how and proprietary information, which are not protected by patents, may become known to or be independently developed by competitors, which may adversely affect Lifted and target companies. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted may be exposed to risks relating to the laws of various countries as a result of its expanding international sales and distribution Lifted s products are currently sold and distributed around the world, and Lifted plans to expand these international sales and distribution. As a result, we are exposed to various levels of political, economic, legal and other risks and uncertainties associated with selling, distributing and exporting to these jurisdictions. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, changes in the laws, regulations and policies governing the production, sale and use of Lifted s products, political instability, instability at the United Nations level, currency controls, fluctuations in currency exchange rates and rates of inflation, labor unrest, changes in taxation laws, regulations and policies, restrictions on foreign exchange and repatriation and changing political conditions and governmental regulations relating to foreign investment and our industries more generally. Changes, if any, in the laws, regulations and policies relating to the advertising, production, sale and use of Lifted s products or in the general economic policies in these jurisdictions, or shifts in political attitude related thereto, may adversely affect the profitability of our sales and distribution in these countries. As we explore novel business models, international regulations will become increasingly challenging to manage. Specifically, our operations may be affected in varying degrees by government regulations with respect to, but not limited to, restrictions on advertising, production, price controls, controls on currency remittance, and increased income taxes. Failure to comply strictly with applicable laws, regulations and local practices may result in additional taxes, costs, civil or criminal fines or penalties or other expenses being levied on our international operations, as well as other potential adverse consequences such as the loss of necessary permits or governmental approvals. 27 Table of Contents Furthermore, there is no assurance that we will be able to secure any requisite import and export approvals, licenses or permits that are necessary or desirable for the international sale and distribution of our products. Even if we obtain the necessary import and export approvals, there may be shipment delays or other challenges related to the delivery of our products to customers in other countries. Countries may also impose restrictions or limitations on imports. As a result, we may be required to establish facilities in one or more countries in the European Union (or elsewhere) where we wish to distribute our products in order to take advantage of the favorable legislation offered to producers located in these countries. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted faces risks associated with its expansion into new markets outside of the current jurisdictions where we conduct business We plan in the future to expand our operations and business into jurisdictions outside of the jurisdictions where we currently conduct business. There can be no assurance that any market for our products will develop in any such foreign jurisdiction. We may face new or unexpected risks or significantly increase our exposure to one or more existing risk factors, including economic instability, new competition, changes in laws and regulations, the possibility that we may be in violation of these laws and regulations as a result of such changes, taxes, and potential litigation, among other risks. These risk factors may limit our capability to successfully expand our sales, distribution or export of our products to such jurisdictions. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may be unable to sustain our revenue growth and development, and may be forced to adjust our operations accordingly Lifted s revenue has grown in recent years. Lifted s ability to sustain this growth will depend on a number of factors, many of which are beyond our control, including, but not limited to, the availability of sufficient capital on suitable terms, changes in laws and regulations respecting the production and distribution of our products, competition from others, the size of the illicit market, and our ability to produce sufficient volumes of our products to meet demand. Regulatory changes, particularly in the primary jurisdictions where we operate, may continue to attract new market entrants and may dilute our potential opportunity and early-mover advantage. In addition, we are subject to a variety of business risks generally associated with developing companies. Future development and expansion may place significant strain on our management personnel and likely will require us to recruit additional management personnel, and there is no assurance that we will be able to do so. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We depend on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue. If we fail to retain or expand our customer relationships or significant customers reduce their purchases, our revenue may decline significantly Our business is dependent on a limited number of customers for a substantial portion of our revenue. If we fail to retain or expand our customer relationships or significant customers reduce their purchases, our revenue may decline significantly. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Consumers in our industry are brand-conscious, so brand name recognition and acceptance of our products are critical to our success Our business is in part dependent upon customer awareness of our brands and market acceptance of our products. If we do not successfully grow our brands and product offerings, we may not achieve and maintain satisfactory levels of acceptance by distributors, wholesalers and end consumers. Any failure of our brands to maintain or increase acceptance or market penetration may likely have a material adverse effect on our revenues and financial results. Moreover, we cannot predict whether our advertising, marketing and promotional programs will have the desired impact on our sales, products' branding and on consumer preferences. In addition, negative public relations and product quality issues, including negative perceptions regarding the industries in which we operate, whether real or imagined, may damage our reputation and brands and may cause customers to choose other brands products over our products. Our brand image may also be adversely affected by unfavorable reports, studies and articles, litigation, or regulatory or other governmental action, whether involving our products or those of our competitors. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may not be able to obtain or afford insurance coverage in respect of the risks our business faces, or there may be coverage limitations and other exclusions which may result in such insurance not being sufficient to cover potential liabilities that we face We may not be able to obtain or afford insurance coverage in respect of certain risks that our business faces, including product liability insurance, protecting our assets, the loss of employees, and operations. Even if insurance is obtained, our insurance coverage may be subject to coverage limits and exclusions and may not be available for the risks and hazards to which we are exposed. In addition, no assurance can be given that such insurance will be adequate to cover our liabilities, including potential product liability claims, or will be generally available in the future or, if available, that premiums will be commercially justifiable. If we were to incur substantial liability and such damages were not covered by insurance or were in excess of policy limits, we may be exposed to material uninsured liabilities that may impede our liquidity, profitability or solvency, all of which may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 28 Table of Contents Increased labor costs, potential organization of our workforce, employee strikes, and other labor-related disruption may adversely affect our operations It is difficult for Lifted to identify and hire new employees in the current environment: the labor market is limited and labor costs have increased. None of our employees are represented by a labor union or subject to a collective bargaining agreement. We cannot assure that our labor costs going forward will remain competitive based on various factors, such as: (i) labor costs may continue to increase as the labor supply is tight; (ii) our workforce may organize in the future and labor agreements may be put in place that have significantly higher labor rates and company obligations; (iii) our competitors may maintain significantly lower labor costs, putting us at a competitive disadvantage; and (iv) our labor costs may increase in connection with our growth. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Significant interruptions in our access to certain supply chains for key inputs such as raw materials, supplies, electricity, water and other utilities may impair our operations Our business is dependent on a number of key inputs and their related costs, including raw materials, supplies and equipment related to our operations, co-packers, as well as electricity, water and other utilities. Our suppliers, co-packers and customers are dispersed. Governments may regulate or restrict the flow of labor or products, and the Company s operations, suppliers, customers and distribution channels could be severely impacted. For examples: China could regulate or restrict the flow of raw materials and products to the United States; the shipment of raw materials and products by sea and/or air from China and other locations to Wisconsin may be disrupted, delayed or increased in cost; the Chinese New Year celebrations may disrupt or delay shipments of raw materials and products; and the State of Wisconsin could impose prohibitions or restrictions on the operation of non-essential businesses, and might characterize Lifted as a non-essential business. Any significant future governmental-mandated or market-related delay, interruption, price increase or negative change in the availability or economics of the supply chain for key inputs and, in particular, rising or volatile shipping and energy costs, may curtail or preclude our ability to continue production. In addition, our operations would be significantly affected by power outages, or equipment breakage. Our ability to compete is dependent on us having access, at a reasonable cost and in a timely manner, to skilled labor, equipment, parts and components. No assurances can be given that we will be successful in maintaining our required supply of labor, equipment, parts and components. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We face risks associated with the transportation of our products to consumers in a safe and efficient manner We depend on fast, cost-effective, and efficient transportation services to distribute our products to distributers, wholesalers and end users. Any prolonged disruption of third-party transportation services may have a material adverse effect on our sales volumes or satisfaction with our services. Rising costs associated with third-party transportation services used by us to ship our products may also adversely impact our profitability, and more generally our business, financial condition and results of operations. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Our products may be subject to recalls for a variety of reasons, which could require us to expend significant management and capital resources Manufacturers and distributors of products such as those that Lifted sells are sometimes subject to the recall or return of their products for a variety of reasons, including product defects, such as contamination, adulteration, unintended harmful side effects or interactions with other substances, packaging safety, and inadequate or inaccurate labeling disclosure. There can be no assurance that any quality, potency or contamination problems will be detected in time to avoid unforeseen product recalls, regulatory action or lawsuits, whether frivolous or otherwise. If any of the products produced by us are recalled due to an alleged product defect or for any other reason, we may be required to incur the unexpected expense of the recall and any legal proceedings that might arise in connection with the recall. As a result of any such recall, we may lose a significant amount of sales and may not be able to replace those sales at an acceptable gross profit or at all. In addition, a product recall may require significant management attention or damage our reputation and goodwill or that of our products or brands. Additionally, product recalls may lead to increased scrutiny of our operations by the FDA or by state regulatory agencies, requiring further management attention, increased compliance costs and potential legal fees, fines, penalties and other expenses. Any product recall affecting the hemp-derived, psychoactive and nicotine products industries more broadly, whether or not involving us, may also lead consumers to lose confidence in the general safety and security of hemp-derived, psychoactive and nicotine products, including products sold by us. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 29 Table of Contents Companies and regulators in the marijuana industry are often hostile to the hemp-derived products industry, and sometimes use their political strength to seek prohibition, regulation and/or taxation of hemp-derived products including products, such as those containing delta-8-THC and delta-9-THC Companies and regulators in the marijuana industry are often hostile to the hemp-derived products industry, as they witness the growing popularity of hemp-derived products taking sales away from licensed marijuana dispensaries. They sometimes use their political strength to seek prohibition, regulation and/or taxation of hemp-derived products, including for example, products containing delta-8-THC and delta-9-THC. Prohibitions, restrictions and taxes are now imposed on the shipment and/or sale of certain hemp-derived products in many states, and are being considered by other states. These restrictions, prohibitions and taxes may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may be subject to product liability claims or regulatory action if their products are alleged to have caused significant loss or injury Lifted and target companies, as manufacturers and distributors of products which in some cases are ingested by humans, face the risk of exposure to product liability claims, regulatory action and litigation if their products are alleged to have caused loss or injury. Lifted and target companies may be subject to these types of claims due to allegations that their products caused or contributed to injury or illness, failed to include adequate instructions for use, or failed to include adequate warnings concerning possible side effects or interactions with other substances. Previously unknown adverse reactions resulting from human consumption of hemp-derived products, psychoactive substances, and nicotine alone or in combination with other medications or substances may also occur. In addition, the manufacture and sale of any such products, like the manufacture and sale of any ingested product, involves a risk of injury to consumers due to tampering by unauthorized third parties or product contamination. Lifted and target companies may in the future have to recall certain of their products as a result of potential contamination and quality assurance concerns. A product liability claim or regulatory action against Lifted or a target company may result in increased costs and may adversely affect Lifted s or such target company s reputation and goodwill with its customers. There can be no assurance that Lifted and target companies will be able to obtain product liability insurance on acceptable terms or with adequate coverage against potential liabilities, if at all. Such insurance is expensive and may not be available in the future on acceptable terms, or at all. The inability to obtain sufficient insurance coverage on reasonable terms or to otherwise protect against potential product liability claims may result in us becoming subject to significant liabilities that are uninsured and also may adversely affect Lifted s and target companies commercial arrangements with third parties. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We rely on third-party distributors to distribute our products, and those distributors may not perform their obligations We rely on third-party distributors to distribute our products. If these distributors do not successfully sell our products, if there is a delay or interruption in the distribution of our products, or if these third parties damage our products, it may negatively impact our revenue from product sales. Any damage to our products, such as product spoilage, may expose us to potential product liability, damage our reputation and the reputation of our brands or otherwise harm our business. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 30 Table of Contents We rely on third party vendors to manufacture some of our products, and those third party vendors may not perform their obligations We rely on third party vendors to manufacture some of our products. If these third party vendors do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, if there is a delay or interruption in the manufacture of our products, or if these third party vendors produce defective products, it may negatively impact our revenue from product sales. Any negative impact to the production of our products by the third party vendors may expose us to potential product liability, damage our reputation and the reputation of our brands or otherwise harm our business. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Certain events or developments in the cannabis industry more generally may impact our reputation Damage to our reputation can result from the actual or perceived occurrence of any number of events, including any negative publicity, whether true or not. As a producer and distributor of hemp-derived products, there is a risk that our business might attract negative publicity. There is also a risk that the actions of other companies and service providers in the cannabis industry may negatively affect the reputation of the industry as a whole and thereby negatively impact our reputation. The increased usage of social media and other web-based tools used to generate, publish and discuss user-generated content and to connect with other users has made it increasingly easier for individuals and groups to communicate and share negative opinions and views in regards to our activities and the cannabis industry in general, whether true or not. We do not ultimately have direct control over how we or the cannabis industry is perceived by others. Reputational issues may result in decreased investor confidence, increased challenges in developing and maintaining community relations and present an impediment to our overall ability to advance our business strategy and realize on our growth prospects. This may also impact our ability to attract and/or maintain business partners that are not primarily engaged in the cannabis industry, such as major convenience stores. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Some companies in the cannabis industry are owned or controlled by people with criminal backgrounds or by people with little regard for compliance with applicable laws, rules and regulations The cannabis industry includes people with criminal backgrounds or who operated their cannabis businesses illegally for many years. In addition, the cannabis industry includes people who seems to have little regard for compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. This has sometimes resulted in a competitive environment in which publicly traded companies are at a relative disadvantage to certain privately held companies. This unlevel playing field may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. The seasonality of Lifted s and target companies businesses may place increased strain on their operations Lifted and target companies may expect a disproportionate amount of their net sales to occur during a particular quarter. If Lifted and target companies do not stock or restock popular products in sufficient amounts such that they fail to meet customer demand, it may significantly affect Lifted s and target companies revenue and their future growth. If Lifted and target companies overstock products, they may be required to take significant inventory markdowns or write-offs and incur commitment costs, which may reduce profitability. If too many customers access Lifted s and target companies websites within a short period of time due to increased demand, Lifted and target companies may experience system interruptions that make their websites unavailable or prevent Lifted and target companies from efficiently fulfilling orders, which may reduce the volume of goods they sell and the attractiveness of their products and services. In addition, Lifted and target companies may be unable to adequately staff their fulfillment network and customer service centers during these peak periods and may be unable to meet the seasonal demand. All of these situations may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may not be able to identify, audit, negotiate, finance or close future acquisitions A significant component of our growth strategy focuses on acquiring minority or majority equity ownership interests in Canna-Infused Products Companies. We may not, however, be able to identify, audit, or acquire such equity ownership interests on acceptable terms, if at all. In connection with the reporting of the Company s financial results for the second and third quarters of 2022, we mentioned that we were in discussions/negotiations regarding two potential acquisitions, one within our current industry, and the other outside of our current industry and in the process of international expansion. These discussions/negotiations have terminated without any deals being agreed upon, and no guarantee or assurance whatsoever can be given that discussions/negotiations with either of these two potential acquisitions or with any other potential acquisition candidates will result in any letter of intent or definitive acquisition agreement. In light of significant macro-economic risks, and other domestic and international political, regulatory, and military uncertainties, we generally have pursued a conservative risk off mentality regarding the potential issuance of additional common stock of the Company, and regarding the pricing, term and other conditions of potential borrowings by the Company. If we do enter any letter of intent or definitive acquisition agreement, we may need to finance all or a portion of the purchase price for an acquisition by incurring indebtedness or by selling shares of our common or convertible preferred stock. There can be no assurance that we will be able to obtain financing on terms that are favorable, if at all, which will limit our ability to acquire such equity ownership interests in the future. Target companies may not decide to proceed forward with mergers that are the subject of letters of intent. Failure to acquire such equity ownership interests on acceptable terms, if at all, may have a material adverse effect on our ability to increase assets, revenues and net income and on the trading price of our common stock. Canna-Infused Products Companies and companies involved in selling products containing psychoactive substances or nicotine are subject to regulatory risks, both nationally and internationally Lifted and other Canna-Infused Products Companies are subject to risks associated with the federal government s and state and local governments evolving regulation of hemp, hemp-derived products, psychoactive substances, tobacco, nicotine, and other products. We can provide no assurance that one or more federal agencies, such as the FDA, the DEA, or state and local governments will not attempt to impose rules, regulations, moratoriums, prohibitions, more taxes, or other restrictions or impediments upon Canna-Infused Products Companies, and companies involved in selling products containing psychoactive substances or nicotine. For example, the US federal government has recently enacted a law that may make it more difficult to sell online and ship nicotine, vape and other products. In addition, the FDA and certain states have enacted laws and regulations that prohibit or otherwise negatively impact the sale of certain hemp-derived, psychoactive and nicotine products. Moreover, if Lifted or Canna-Infused Products Companies or companies involved in selling products containing psychoactive substances or nicotine expand internationally (of which there is no guarantee that they ever would), we can provide no guarantee or assurance that these companies will be able to comply with all applicable governmental laws and regulations. Any failure to comply with all of such rules, regulations, moratoriums, prohibitions, taxes, or other restrictions or impediments upon Canna-Infused Products Companies, and companies involved in selling products containing psychoactive substances or nicotine, could potentially result in lawsuits, substantial fines and penalties, and/or other negative governmental actions. All of the above factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 31 Table of Contents Lifted s sales are dependent upon the sale of delta-8-THC products, which may be restricted or prohibited by the FDA, the DEA or other governmental agencies, laws or regulations Lifted s sales are significantly dependent upon the sale of products containing hemp-derived delta-8-THC. The FDA, the DEA and other federal, state and local governments and agencies may impose laws, rules, regulations and executive orders that effectively prohibit Lifted from selling products containing delta-8-THC or certain other cannabinoids. For example, the DEA has sent a letter saying that delta-9-THCO and delta-8-THCO do not occur naturally in the cannabis plant and can only be obtained synthetically, and therefore do not fall under the definition of hemp , and any crackdown by the DEA or other regulatory authorities on products containing delta-9-THCO and/or delta-8-THCO may have a material adverse effect upon Lifted s business and the trading price of our common stock. Consequently, Lifted s and LFTD Partners future financial prospects are uncertain, and no guarantee or assurance whatsoever can be made that Lifted and LFTD Partners will be able to continue to pay their financial obligations when they become due and payable in the future. This risk may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may be forced to write off inventories of hemp, cannabinoid-infused products, psychoactive products, and/or nicotine-infused products, if those products are subject to prohibitions on sales, either nationally or in particular states Lifted and target companies may find it necessary to build and carry significant quantities of inventory, in order to be able to fulfill large orders received from distributors or other customers. If the FDA and/or state laws and regulations prohibit the sale of certain hemp, cannabinoid-infused products, psychoactive products, and/or nicotine-infused products, then Lifted and target companies may find themselves holding significant inventories of such products that cannot be sold, and therefore must be written off. Such write offs could be significant, and may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may not be able to successfully identify and execute future acquisitions or dispositions or to successfully manage the impacts of such transactions on our operations We may not be able to successfully identify and execute future acquisitions or dispositions or to successfully manage the impacts of such transactions on our operations. Material acquisitions, dispositions and other strategic transactions involve a number of risks, including: (i) the potential disruption of our ongoing business; (ii) the distraction of management away from the ongoing oversight of our existing business activities; (iii) incurring additional indebtedness or stock dilution; (iv) the anticipated benefits and cost savings of those transactions not being realized fully, or at all, or taking longer to realize than anticipated; (v) an increase in the scope and complexity of our operations; and (vi) the loss or reduction of control over certain of our assets. Material acquisitions have been and may continue to be material to our business strategy. There is no guarantee that any acquisition will be accretive. The existence of one or more material liabilities of an acquired company that are unknown to us at the time of acquisition may result in our incurring those liabilities. A strategic transaction may result in a significant change in the nature of our business, operations and strategy, and we may encounter unforeseen obstacles or costs in closing or implementing a strategic transaction or integrating any acquired business into our operations. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may seek to enter into marketing relationships, affiliations, strategic alliances, or expand the scope of currently existing relationships, with third parties that Lifted and target companies believe will have a beneficial impact on them, and there are risks that such strategic alliances or expansions of Lifted s and target companies currently existing relationships may not enhance their businesses in the desired manner Lifted and target companies may expand the scope of, and may in the future enter into, strategic alliances with third parties that they believe will complement or augment their existing businesses. Their ability to complete further strategic alliances is dependent upon, and may be limited by, among other things, the availability of suitable candidates and capital. In addition, strategic alliances could present unforeseen integration obstacles or costs, may not enhance their businesses, and may involve risks that may adversely affect them, including the investment of significant amounts of management time that may be diverted from operations in order to pursue and complete such transactions or maintain such strategic alliances. Lifted and target companies may become dependent on their strategic partners and actions by such partners may harm their businesses. Future strategic alliances may result in the incurrence of debt, costs and contingent liabilities, and there can be no assurance that future strategic alliances will be developed, maintained or achieve the expected benefits to their businesses or that they will be able to consummate future strategic alliances on satisfactory terms, or at all. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Third parties with whom we do business may perceive themselves as being exposed to reputational risk as a result of their relationship with us The parties with whom we do business, or would like to do business, may perceive that they are exposed to reputational risk as a result of our business activities relating to hemp-derived products, psychoactive substances and nicotine, which may hinder our ability to establish or maintain business relationships. These perceptions relating to our business activities may interfere with our relationship with service providers, particularly in the financial services industry in the United States and certain jurisdictions where our products are not legal. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 32 Table of Contents Lifted and target companies rely on third-party distributors and wholesalers to distribute and/or sell a portion of their products, and those distributors and wholesalers may not perform their obligations or may have allegiances to their own or other competitors products Lifted and target companies rely on third-party distributors and wholesalers to distribute a portion of their products. If these distributors and wholesalers do not successfully carry out their contractual duties, if these distributors and wholesalers have allegiances to their own or other competitors products, if there is a delay or interruption in the distribution of Lifted s or target companies products, or if these third parties damage Lifted s or target companies products in transit or improperly store the products, causing spoilage or functionality issues, Lifted s and target companies revenue may be negatively impacted. Any damage to Lifted s and target companies products may expose Lifted and target companies to potential product liability, damage the reputation of Lifted s and target companies brands or otherwise harm Lifted s and target companies businesses. The foregoing factors and issues associated with third-party distributors and wholesalers may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. The FDA appears to be concerned about many hemp-derived products The FDA appears to be concerned about many hemp-derived products. The FDA appears to believe that certain hemp-derived cannabinoids like CBD are drugs, and therefore that the sale of certain hemp-derived products containing cannabinoids such as CBD should require FDA approval. In deference to the FDA, various states and municipalities have declared that the sale of certain hemp-derived products are illegal. There can be no guarantee or assurance whatsoever that the FDA s regulatory concerns about hemp-derived products will be resolved favorably for the hemp-derived products industry. Aggressive law enforcement against the hemp-derived products industry by federal, state or local authorities and agencies may have a material adverse effect upon Lifted and the trading price of our common stock. Hemp-derived products may be shown to have negative health and/or safety impacts upon consumers The health and safety impacts of hemp-derived products have not yet been established via traditional scientific and/or clinical studies. The FDA appears to believe that certain hemp-derived products may have significant adverse health impacts upon human beings, especially in regard to potential liver toxicity or liver damage. If the FDA, scientific research and/or clinical studies ultimately demonstrate negative health and/or safety impacts of hemp-derived products upon consumers, then Lifted s business and the trading price of our common stock may be materially adversely affected. Hemp-derived products are federally illegal if they exceed 0.3 delta-9-THC on a dry weight basis Hemp-derived products which exceed a delta-9-THC concentration of 0.3 on a dry weight basis are federally illegal. Certain states may consider hemp and hemp-derived products which exceed 0.3 total THC on a dry weight basis to be illegal. Any failure to keep the delta-9-THC or total THC concentration in hemp or hemp-derived products below the applicable legal standard could subject Lifted and target companies to action by regulatory authorities and/or to lawsuits by consumers, which may have a material adverse effect upon Lifted s business and the trading price of our common stock. In addition, the approval of medical and recreational marijuana by many states has created a situation in which it may be difficult or impossible for regulators and courts to determine whether the delta-9-THC levels reflected in consumers blood tests are the result of hemp-derived products or marijuana products. This may result in regulatory actions or lawsuits that may have a material adverse effect upon Lifted s business and the trading price of our common stock. Also, certain hemp-derived products may, over time, gradually increase their delta-9-THC or total THC concentration, and this may ultimately cause such products to exceed the applicable concentration level, making such products illegal in certain jurisdictions. If this happens, we may be subject to regulatory action that may have a material adverse effect upon Lifted and the trading price of our common stock. Also, federal and state authorities may seek to classify cannabinoids that naturally occur in hemp, such as delta-8-THC, as illegal. If this happens, we may be subject to regulatory action that may have a material adverse effect upon Lifted and the trading price of our common stock. The price of cannabinoid raw materials could spike as demand for cannabinoid-infused products increases Although considerable hemp acreage has been and reportedly is being developed around the country, which is expected to increase the supply of hemp and hemp-derived distillate, the demand for certain hemp-derived raw materials is also growing, and any spike in the price of these raw materials may materially adversely affect Lifted and the trading price of our common stock. 33 Table of Contents Target companies may not be of the same caliber company as previous acquisitions, or target companies management may not fit well into our corporate culture If we acquire a company that is not of the same caliber company as Lifted, or if we acquire a company that does not have management that is as talented and high energy as Lifted s management, or for whatever reason the management of the acquired company does not fit in well with the rest of our team, we may become less attractive for potential investors, future acquisition targets may be uninterested in merging into our Company, and the overall camaraderie among the players in our Company may disappear, which may materially adversely affect our Company and the price of our stock. Lifted and target companies may be unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological and market changes Lifted and target companies may be unable to keep pace with rapid industry, technological and market changes that could affect Lifted s and target companies services, products and businesses, or so keeping pace may require a substantial amount of Lifted s management time and substantial fees being paid to outside legal counsel and consultants, all of which may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Large competitors are expected to enter the hemp-derived, psychoactive and nicotine product industries We expect that over the next few years major chain stores, manufacturers, retailers, beverage and other consumer products companies, and distributors, with tremendous financial resources and marketing expertise will emerge to compete against Lifted and target companies in the hemp-derived, psychoactive, and nicotine products industries. Lifted and target companies may not have the personnel, products, marketing and distribution capabilities, and/or financial resources to compete effectively against such larger companies, which may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Increases in labor costs could harm Lifted s and target companies businesses The U.S. in general, and Bend, Oregon in particular, have experienced very low unemployment, and higher minimum wages, which generally results in rising labor costs. Such rising labor costs are adversely affecting the expenses of Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, and may adversely affect the expenses of Lifted and target companies businesses, which may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We cannot predict the effect of inquiries from and/or actions by the DEA, the FDA, Federal Trade Commission, state attorneys general, other government agencies and/or quasi-government agencies into the production, advertising, marketing, promotion, labeling, ingredients, usage and/or sale of Lifted s and target companies products Lifted and target companies are subject to the risks of investigations and/or enforcement actions by the DEA, the FDA, Federal Trade Commission FTC ), state attorneys general and/or other government and/or quasi-governmental agencies relating to the advertising, marketing, promotion, ingredients, usage and/or sale of their products. If an inquiry by the DEA, the FDA, FTC, a state attorney general or other government or quasi-government agency finds that Lifted s or target companies products and/or the advertising, marketing, promotion, ingredients, usage and/or sale of such products are not in compliance with applicable laws or regulations, or that they are misleading, untruthful or unsubstantiated, Lifted or target companies may become subject to fines, product reformulations, container changes, changes in the usage or sale of Lifted s or target companies products, changes in their advertising, marketing and promotion practices, and/or injunctions on the sale of the products, each of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and on the trading price of our common stock. We may be required to obtain state, DEA and/or FDA permits, certifications and/or approvals in order to conduct business Lifted and target companies may be required to obtain and maintain state, DEA and/or FDA permits, certifications and/or approvals in order to conduct business involving hemp-derived products, psychoactive substances, nicotine, food, other edibles, and consumer goods. These permits, certifications and/or approvals may not be obtainable, or obtaining and maintaining them may involve enormous expenditures of time and money for consultants, studies, facilities, compliance, purchases, acquisitions and other matters. Failure to obtain and maintain all necessary permits, certifications and approvals, or the enormous expenditures of time and money associated with obtaining and maintaining all necessary permits, certifications and approvals, may have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations and on the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may be subject to investigations by OSHA or other workplace safety agencies Lifted s and target companies manufacturing, storage and shipping departments include the use of various machinery, equipment, vehicles and raw goods. Notwithstanding appropriate training protocols and safety measures, workplace accidents may occur, and may subject Lifted and target companies to investigations by Occupational Safety and Health Administration OSHA or other workplace safety agencies. Such accidents and investigations may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations and on the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may be subject to personal injury or workman s compensation claims If notwithstanding appropriate training protocols and safety measures, Lifted s and target companies employees are injured on the job, Lifted and target companies may be subject to personal injury or workman s compensation claims. Defending these claims may be require the expenditure of substantial management time and legal fees, and may result in material judgments or settlements that may or may not covered by insurance. Such settlements or judgments related to personal injury or workman s compensation claims may have a material adverse effect on our business, reputation, financial condition or results of operations and on the trading price of our common stock. Litigation regarding Lifted s and target companies businesses and products, and related unfavorable media attention, may expose Lifted and target companies to significant liabilities and reduce demand for their products From time to time third parties may claim that certain statements made in Lifted s and target companies advertisements, certificates of analysis and/or on the labels of their products were false and/or misleading or otherwise not in compliance with standards applicable to food, other edibles, or non-prescription cannabinoid formulations under local, state or federal law, and/or that their products are not safe. Pending or threatened business-related and product-related litigation may consume significant financial and managerial resources and result in decreased demand for Lifted s and target companies products, significant monetary awards against Lifted and target companies, and injury to Lifted s and target companies and their respective management s reputations. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 34 Table of Contents Criticism of Lifted s and target companies products and/or criticism or a negative perception of Lifted s and target companies industries, could adversely affect Lifted and target companies Unfavorable reports on the health effects or pricing of Lifted s and target companies products, including product safety concerns, whether generated by scientists, researchers, journalists, consumers, government regulators, industry groups, or on social media may have an adverse effect on Lifted s and target companies businesses, financial conditions and results of operations. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Vape, e-liquid, e-cigarette, and nicotine product risks Some of Lifted s and target companies inhalable products may contain nicotine or other substances. There is a risk that Lifted and target companies may be targeted by regulators or consumers with claims that their products are unsafe for vaping or consumption. The market for vapes, e-liquid, e-cigarettes, nicotine, and associated cartridges and paraphernalia is currently subjected to regulations and prohibitions of certain products in certain jurisdictions in response to deaths and illnesses that have occurred and that are apparently associated with vaping, and also in response to other health concerns of various types. These various prohibitions and regulations may have a material adverse effect on Lifted s and target companies financial condition, operating results, liquidity, cash flow and operational performance. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Sales of Lifted s and target companies vape products are subject to uncertainty in the evolving vape market due to negative public sentiment and regulatory scrutiny Vaping and electronic cigarettes were recently developed and therefore the scientific community has not yet had a sufficient period of time to study the long-term health effects of their use. Currently, there is no way of knowing whether these products are safe for their intended use and the medical community is still studying these products health effects. If the scientific community were to determine conclusively that use of any or all of these products poses long-term health risks, then market demand for these products and their use may materially decline. Such a determination may also lead to litigation and significant regulation. Loss of demand for vape products, product liability claims and increased regulation stemming from unfavorable scientific studies on vaping products may have a material adverse effect on Lifted s and target companies businesses, results of operations and financial condition. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Research regarding the health effects of hemp-derived products, psychoactive substances and e-liquid containing nicotine is in relatively early stages and subject to further study which may impact demand for these products Research and clinical trials on the potential benefits and the short-term and long-term effects of the use of hemp-derived products, psychoactive substances and e-liquid containing nicotine on human health remains in relatively early stages and there is limited standardization. As such, there are inherent risks associated with using hemp-derived, psychoactive products and e-liquid containing nicotine. Moreover, future research and clinical trials may reach different or negative conclusions regarding the benefits, viability, safety, efficacy, dosing or other facts and perceptions related to hemp-derived products, psychoactive products, and e-liquid containing nicotine, which may adversely affect social acceptance of hemp-derived and psychoactive products, e-liquid containing nicotine, and the demand for Lifted s and target companies products. These risks may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted s and target companies inability to innovate successfully and to provide new cutting edge products may adversely affect Lifted s and target companies businesses and financial results Lifted s and target companies ability to compete in their highly competitive industries and to achieve their business growth objectives depends, in part, on their ability to develop new products and unique packaging. The success of their innovation, in turn, depends on their ability to identify consumer trends and cater to consumer preferences. If they are not successful in their innovation activities, then their businesses, financial conditions and results of operations may be adversely affected. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Changes in consumer preferences may reduce demand for some of Lifted s and target companies products Lifted s and target companies industries are subject to changing consumer preferences and shifts in consumer preferences may adversely affect Lifted and target companies. Lifted s and target companies future success will depend, in part, upon their continued ability to develop and introduce different and innovative products that appeal to consumers. In order to retain and expand their market share, Lifted and target companies must continue to develop and introduce different and innovative products, although there can be no assurance of Lifted s and target companies ability to do so. There is no assurance that consumers will continue to purchase Lifted s and target companies products in the future. Product lifecycles for some brands, products and/or packages may be limited to a few years before consumers preferences change. The products Lifted and target companies currently market are in varying stages of their product lifecycles, and there can be no assurance that such products will become or remain profitable for Lifted and target companies. Lifted and target companies may be unable to achieve volume growth through product and packaging initiatives. Lifted and target companies may also be unable to penetrate new markets. Moreover, consumers are concerned about their health and wellness, and public and governmental officials and groups are increasingly vocal about smoking, vaping, and their potential adverse impact. There has been a trend among many public health advocates to pursue a reduction in smoking and vaping, as well as increased public scrutiny of smoking and vaping. Increasing public concern in regard to smoking and vaping may reduce demand for Lifted s and target companies products. Additionally, as shopping patterns are being affected by the digital evolution and pandemics, with customers embracing shopping by way of mobile device applications, e-commerce retailers and e-commerce websites or platforms, Lifted and target companies may be unable to address or anticipate changes in consumer shopping preferences. If Lifted s and target companies revenues decline, their businesses, financial conditions and results of operations may be adversely affected. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 35 Table of Contents Any expansion of Lifted and target companies outside of the United States exposes Lifted and target companies to uncertain conditions and other risks in international markets As Lifted s and target companies growth strategy includes expanding internationally, if Lifted and target companies are unable to expand distribution of their products outside the United States, their growth rate could be adversely affected. In many international markets, Lifted and target companies have limited operating experience and in some areas they have no operating experience. It is costly to establish, develop and maintain international operations and to develop and promote brands in international markets. Their percentage gross profit margins in many international markets are expected to be less than the comparable percentage gross profit margins obtained in the United States. Lifted and target companies face and will continue to face substantial risks associated with having foreign operations, including: economic and/or political instability in their international markets; unfavorable foreign currency exchange rates; restrictions on or costs relating to the repatriation of foreign profits to the United States, including possible taxes and/or withholding obligations on any repatriations; and tariffs and/or trade restrictions. These risks may have a significant impact on their ability to sell their products on a competitive basis in international markets and may have a material adverse effect on their businesses, financial conditions and results of operations. Also, their operations outside of the United States are subject to risks relating to appropriate compliance with legal and regulatory requirements in local jurisdictions, potential difficulties in staffing and managing local operations, higher product damages, particularly when products are shipped long distances, potentially higher incidence of fraud and/or corruption, credit risk of local customers and distributors and potentially adverse tax consequences. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Global or regional catastrophic events may impact Lifted s and target companies operations and affect their ability to grow their businesses Lifted s and target companies businesses may be affected by unstable political conditions, civil unrest, large-scale terrorist acts, especially those directed against the United States or other major industrialized countries where their products are distributed, the outbreak or escalation of armed hostilities, major natural disasters or widespread outbreaks of infectious diseases such as COVID-19 and its mutations. Such events may impact the production and/or distribution of their products. In addition, such events may disrupt global or regional economic activity, which may affect consumer purchasing power, thereby reducing demand for their products. If they are unable to grow their businesses internationally as a result of these factors, their growth rate may decline. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may rely on third party vendors to manufacture their products Lifted and target companies may not manufacture certain raw or finished goods, but instead outsource manufacturing of these goods to third party vendors.. In the event of a disruption and/or delay, Lifted and target companies may be unable to procure alternative vendors at commercially reasonable rates and/or within a reasonably short time period. If Lifted and target companies are unable to maintain good relationships with their largest vendors, or if their costs of co-packing increase, their businesses, financial conditions and results of operations may be adversely affected. Lifted does not have exclusive contracts with the majority of its vendors, which subjects Lifted to the risk that those vendors may sell the same products to Lifted s competitors. In some cases, Lifted s and target companies vendors may be affiliated with and manufacture other hemp-derived, psychoactive or alternative lifestyle products . In such cases, these products compete directly with Lifted s, and target companies products. Lifted s vendors may make products that sometimes fail to meet Lifted s standards. This subjects Lifted to the risk that distributors, retail locations and consumers may be dissatisfied with Lifted s products and demand a refund or a credit, and/or may refuse in the future to purchase Lifted s products. In addition, Lifted s contract manufacturers may not deliver their products to Lifted on schedule. Delays in scheduled product deliveries may cause distributors, retail locations and consumers to not purchase Lifted s products, damaging Lifted s brand reputation. These risks may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may rely upon third parties to carry and market their products Unilateral decisions may be taken by Lifted s and target companies distributors and wholesalers to discontinue carrying certain or all of Lifted s and target companies products that they are carrying at any time, which may cause Lifted s and target companies businesses to suffer. 36 Table of Contents The marketing efforts of Lifted s and target companies distributors and wholesalers are important for Lifted s and target companies success. If Lifted s and target companies brands prove to be less attractive to Lifted s and target companies existing distributors and wholesalers, or if Lifted and target companies fail to attract additional distributors and wholesalers, and/or if Lifted s and target companies distributors and wholesalers do not market, promote and distribute Lifted s and target companies products effectively, Lifted s and target companies businesses, financial conditions and results of operations may be adversely affected. These risks may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Increases in costs and/or shortages of raw materials and/or ingredients and/or fuel/energy and/or costs of co-packing may harm Lifted s and target companies businesses The costs and availability of the raw materials used by Lifted and target companies are subject to fluctuations. For certain terpenes, flavors, formulas and other products purchased from third-party suppliers, these suppliers own the proprietary rights to certain of their products. Lifted and target companies do not have possession of the list of the ingredients or formulas used in the production of certain of their products and certain of their blended concentrates, and Lifted and target companies may be unable to obtain comparable products from alternative suppliers on short notice. Industry-wide shortages of certain products have been, and may from time to time in the future be, encountered, which may interfere with and/or delay production of certain of Lifted s and target companies products. Moreover, volatility in the global oil markets has resulted in high fuel prices, which many shipping companies have passed on to their customers by way of higher base pricing and increased fuel surcharges. Due to the price sensitivity of our products, we may not be able to pass such increases on to our customers. In addition, certain of Lifted s and target companies co-packing arrangements may allow such co-packers to increase their fees based on certain of their own cost increases. The prices of any of the above and other raw materials such as batteries and packaging, among others, may continue to rise or may rise in the future. Lifted and target companies may or may not be able to pass any of such increases on to their customers. In recent years, the United States has imposed tariffs on many products and goods imported from China and certain other countries. Additional tariffs imposed by the United States on a broader range of imports, or further retaliatory trade measures taken by China or other countries in response, may result in an increase in supply chain costs. In addition, some of these raw materials are available from limited suppliers. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted s and target companies failure to accurately estimate demand for their products may adversely affect their businesses and financial results Lifted and target companies may not correctly estimate demand for their existing products and/or new products. Their ability to estimate demand for their products is imprecise, particularly with regard to new products, and may be less precise during periods of rapid growth, particularly in new markets. If Lifted and target companies materially underestimate demand for their products or are unable to secure sufficient ingredients or raw materials or experience difficulties with their co-packing arrangements, including production shortages or quality issues, they may not be able to satisfy demand on a short-term basis. Moreover, industry-wide shortages of certain raw materials and products have been and may, from time to time in the future, be experienced, resulting in production fluctuations and/or product shortages. Such shortages may interfere with and/or delay production of certain of their products and may have a material adverse effect on their business and financial results. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. If Lifted and target companies do not maintain sufficient inventory levels, if Lifted and target companies are unable to deliver their products to their customers in sufficient quantities, and/or if Lifted and target companies customers or retailers inventory levels are too high, Lifted and target companies operating results may be adversely affected If Lifted and target companies do not accurately anticipate the future demand for a particular product or the time it will take to obtain new inventory, Lifted s and target companies inventory levels may be inadequate and their results of operations may be negatively impacted. If Lifted and target companies fail to meet their shipping schedules, Lifted and target companies may damage their relationships with distributors and/or retailers, increase their distribution costs and/or cause sales opportunities to be delayed or lost. In order to be able to deliver their products on a timely basis, Lifted and target companies need to maintain adequate inventory levels of the desired products. If the inventory of their products held by their distributors and/or retailers is too high, they will not place orders for additional products, which may unfavorably impact Lifted s and target companies future sales and adversely affect their operating results. If Lifted or target companies overestimate distributor or retailer demand for its/their products, Lifted or target companies may end up with too much inventory, resulting in higher storage costs or less warehouse space and the risk of inventory spoilage. If Lifted or target companies fail to manage our inventory to meet demand, Lifted or target companies may damage its/their relationships with its/their distributors and retailers and may delay or lose sales opportunities, which may unfavorably impact its/their future sales and adversely affect its/their operating results. All of these risks may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 37 Table of Contents The costs of packaging supplies are subject to price increases from time to time, and Lifted and target companies may be unable to pass all or some of such increased costs on to their customers Lifted s and target companies packaging suppliers may increase the costs they charge Lifted and target companies for packaging supplies based on changes in the costs of the underlying commodities that are used to produce those packaging supplies. If the costs of these packaging supplies increase, Lifted and target companies may be unable to pass these costs along to their customers through corresponding adjustments to the prices they charge, which could have a material adverse effect on their results of operations. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. If Lifted and target companies encounter product recalls, their businesses may suffer and they may incur material losses Lifted and target companies may be required from time to time to recall products entirely or from specific co-packers, markets or batches if such products become contaminated, damaged, mislabeled, cause fires, explode or otherwise become materially non-compliant with applicable regulatory requirements. Material product recalls may adversely affect Lifted s and target companies profitability and their brand images. Lifted and target companies may not maintain recall insurance. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted s and target companies working capital may be inadequate or strained, and the issue may be exacerbated by account receivable collection issues The COVID-19 pandemic has imposed significant financial stress on the industries in which Lifted and target companies participate. This stress, in certain cases, has caused distributors to refuse to make up-front payments, or to refuse to make timely payments on purchases, from suppliers such as Lifted. Some distributors are apparently so cash-strapped that they are demanding that products be supplied to them on consignment, or be subject to shelf-stocking fees. This difficult financial environment has strained Lifted s working capital balance, and has made it increasingly difficult for Lifted to aggressively purchase the larger quantities of raw materials and inventory that are needed to fuel Lifted s growth. Lifted s inadequate or strained working capital, which is exacerbated by account receivable collection issues, may have a material adverse effect on our Company and on the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may be subject to payments-related risks and costs Lifted and target companies may accept payments using a variety of methods, including credit card, debit card, credit accounts (including promotional financing), gift cards, direct debit from a customer s bank account, consumer invoicing, physical bank check, and payment upon delivery. For existing and future payment options Lifted and target companies offer to their customers, Lifted and target companies may become subject to additional regulations and compliance requirements (including obligations to implement enhanced authentication processes that may result in significant costs and reduce the ease of use of their payments products), as well as fraud. For certain payment methods, including credit and debit cards, Lifted and target companies pay interchange and other fees, which may increase over time and raise their operating costs and lower profitability. Lifted and target companies may rely on third parties to provide payment processing services, including the processing of credit cards, debit cards, electronic checks, and promotional financing. In each case, it may disrupt Lifted s and target companies businesses if these companies become unwilling or unable to provide these services to Lifted and target companies. Lifted and target companies may also be subject to payment card association operating rules, including data security rules, certification requirements, and rules governing electronic funds transfers, which may change or be reinterpreted to make it difficult or impossible for Lifted and target companies to comply. If Lifted and target companies fail to comply with these rules or requirements, or if Lifted and target companies data security systems are breached, compromised, or otherwise unable to detect or prevent fraudulent activity, Lifted and target companies may be liable for card issuing banks costs, subject to fines and higher transaction fees, and may lose their ability to accept credit and debit card payments from their customers, process electronic funds transfers, or facilitate other types of online payments, and Lifted s and target companies businesses and operating results may be adversely affected. Lifted and target companies may also be subject to or voluntarily comply with a number of other laws and regulations relating to payments, money laundering, international money transfers, privacy and information security, and electronic fund transfers. If Lifted and target companies were found to be in violation of applicable laws or regulations, Lifted and target companies may be subject to additional requirements and civil and criminal penalties, or forced to cease providing certain services. All of these risks may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. If Lifted and target companies are not able to retain the full-time services of senior management, there may be an adverse effect on their operations and/or their operating performance until Lifted and target companies find suitable replacements Lifted and target companies businesses are dependent, to a large extent, upon the services of their senior management. Lifted and target companies may not maintain key person life insurance on any members of their senior management. The loss of services of Lifted s and target companies senior management may adversely affect their businesses until suitable replacements can be found. There may be a limited number of personnel with the requisite skills to serve in these positions, and Lifted and target companies may be unable to locate or employ such qualified personnel on acceptable terms. The loss of the services of Lifted s CEO NWarrender would be especially damaging to Lifted s business. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 38 Table of Contents Lifted and target companies may have limited access to financial and insurance services and products Some financial institutions and insurance companies refuse to provide a full range of financial and insurance services and products to Lifted and target businesses because their business involves hemp-derived products, psychoactive products, vaping products, and nicotine products. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Climate change may negatively affect Lifted s and target companies businesses There is concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere may cause significant changes in weather patterns around the globe and an increase in the frequency and severity of natural disasters. Changing weather patterns may result in decreased agricultural productivity in certain regions, which may limit availability and/or increase the cost of certain raw goods used in Lifted s and target companies products and may impact the food security of communities around the world. Increased frequency or duration of extreme or inclement weather conditions may also impair production capabilities, disrupt Lifted s and target companies supply chains (including, without limitation, the availability of, and/or result in higher prices for raw goods and finished goods) and/or impact demand for Lifted s and target companies products. Natural disasters and extreme weather conditions, such as bomb cyclones, hurricanes, wildfires, freezing temperatures, heavy snow, earthquakes or floods, may affect Lifted s and target companies operations and the operation of Lifted s and target companies supply chains and unfavorably impact the demand for, or Lifted s and target companies consumers ability to purchase, Lifted s and target companies products. The predicted effects of climate change may also result in challenges regarding availability and quality of water, or less favorable pricing for water, which may adversely impact Lifted s and target companies businesses and results of operations. In addition, public expectations for reductions in greenhouse gas emissions may result in increased energy, transportation and raw material costs, and may require Lifted and target companies to make additional investments in facilities and equipment. As a result, the effects of climate change may have a long-term adverse impact on Lifted s and target companies businesses and results of operations. Sales of Lifted s and target companies products may also be influenced to some extent by weather conditions in the markets in which Lifted s and target companies operate. Weather conditions may influence consumer demand for certain of Lifted s and target companies products, which may have an effect on Lifted s and target companies operations, either positively or negatively. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Potential changes in accounting standards or practices and/or taxation or new accounting standards, or changes in the assumptions used in accounting matters, may adversely affect Lifted s and target companies financial results From time to time, the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC and other regulatory bodies may issue new and revised standards, interpretations and other guidance that change Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States GAAP ). Future changes in accounting standards or practices may have an impact on Lifted s and target companies financial results. New accounting standards may be issued that change the way Lifted and target companies record revenues, expenses, assets and liabilities. The effects of such changes may include prescribing an accounting method where none had been previously specified, prescribing a single acceptable method of accounting from among several acceptable methods that currently exist, or revoking the acceptability of a current method and replacing it with an entirely different method, among others. These changes in accounting standards may adversely affect Lifted and target companies reported earnings or results of operations, financial condition and other financial measurers. Increases in direct and indirect income tax rates may affect after-tax income. Equally, increases in indirect taxes (including environmental taxes pertaining to the disposal of beverage containers and/or indirect taxes on beverages) may affect Lifted s and target companies products affordability and reduce Lifted s and target companies sales. Accounting principles related to stock based compensation, inventory, revenue recognition, sales allowances, and income tax provisions, among others, are highly complex and involve many subjective assumptions, estimates and judgments by management. Changes to the accounting rules related to these areas or the interpretation of the rules, or changes in underlying assumptions, estimates or judgments by our management may adversely affect reported financial results. All of these risks may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Fluctuations in Lifted s and target companies effective tax rates may adversely affect their financial conditions and results of operations Lifted and target companies may be subject to income and other taxes in both the U.S. and certain foreign jurisdictions. Therefore, Lifted and target companies may be subjected to audits for multiple tax years in various jurisdictions at once. At any given time, events may occur which change Lifted s and target companies expectations about how any such tax audits will be resolved and thus, there may be variability in Lifted s and target companies quarterly and/or annual tax rates, because these events may change Lifted s and target companies plans for uncertain tax positions. On December 22, 2017, President Trump signed into law the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which imposes broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code and may have tax implications for Lifted and target companies. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Growth of operations will depend on the acceptance of Lifted s and target companies products and consumer discretionary spending The acceptance of Lifted s and target companies products by distributors, wholesalers and consumers is critically important to the success of Lifted and target companies. Shifts in customer preferences away from Lifted s and target companies products, Lifted s and target companies inability to develop products that appeal to both retailers and consumers, or changes in Lifted s and target companies products that eliminate items popular with some consumers may harm Lifted s and target companies businesses. Also, their success will depend to a significant extent on discretionary user spending, which is influenced by general economic conditions and the availability of discretionary income. Accordingly, Lifted and target companies may experience an inability to generate revenue during economic downturns or during periods of uncertainty, such as during pandemics, when users may decide to purchase products that are cheaper or to forego purchasing any type of Lifted s and target companies products, due to a lack of available capital. Any material decline in the amount of discretionary spending may have a material adverse effect on Lifted s and target companies sales, results of operations, business and financial condition. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 39 Table of Contents We cannot be certain that the products that Lifted and target companies offer will become, or continue to be, appealing and as a result there may not be any demand for these products and Lifted s and target companies sales may decrease, which may result in a loss of revenue. Additionally, there is no guarantee that interest in Lifted s and target companies products will continue, which may adversely affect Lifted s and target companies business and revenues Demand for Lifted s and target companies products depends on many factors, including the number of customers that Lifted and target companies are able to attract and retain over time, and the competitive environments in Lifted s and target companies industries. This may force Lifted and target companies to reduce prices below the desired price levels or to increase promotional spending. Inability to anticipate changes in user preferences and to meet consumer s needs in a timely and cost-effective manner all may result in immediate and longer term declines in the demand for the products Lifted and target companies plan to offer, which may adversely affect Lifted s and target companies sales, cash flows and overall financial conditions. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Competition that Lifted and target companies face is varied and strong Lifted s and target companies products and industries are subject to intense competition. There is no guarantee that Lifted and target companies can develop or sustain a market position or expand their businesses. We anticipate that the intensity of competition in the future will increase. Lifted and target companies compete with a number of entities in providing products to their customers. Such competitor entities include: (1) a variety of large multinational corporations, including but not limited to companies that have established loyal customer bases over several decades; (2) companies that have an established customer base, and have the same or a similar business plan as Lifted and target companies do and may be looking to expand nationwide; and (3) a variety of other local and national companies with which Lifted and target companies either currently or may, in the future, compete. Many of Lifted s and target companies current and potential competitors are well established and have longer operating histories, significantly greater financial and operational resources, and greater name and brand recognition than Lifted and target companies have. As a result, these competitors may have greater credibility with both existing and potential customers. They also may be able to offer more products and more aggressively promote and sell their products. Lifted s and target companies competitors may also be able to support more aggressive pricing than Lifted and target companies will be able to, which may adversely affect sales, cause Lifted and target companies to decrease their prices to remain competitive, or otherwise reduce the overall gross profit earned on Lifted s and target companies products. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted s and target companies industries require the attraction and retention of talented employees Success in Lifted s and target companies industries does and will continue to require the acquisition and retention of highly talented and experienced individuals. Due to the growth in hemp-derived and psychoactive products industries, such individuals and the talent and experience they possess is in high demand. There is no guarantee that Lifted and target companies will be able to attract and maintain access to such individuals. The attraction and retention of such individuals may require the Company to offer stock, warrants and/or bonuses as incentives. If Lifted and target companies fail to attract, train, motivate and retain talented personnel, Lifted s and target companies businesses, financial conditions, and operating results may be materially and adversely impacted. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies depend on a limited number of suppliers of raw and packaging materials Lifted and target companies rely upon a limited number of suppliers for raw and packaging materials used to make and package their products. Lifted s and target companies success will depend in part upon their ability to successfully secure such materials from suppliers that are delivered with consistency and at a quality that meets their requirements. The price and availability of these materials are subject to market conditions. Increases in the price of Lifted s and target companies products due to the increase in the cost of raw materials may have a negative effect on their business. 40 Table of Contents If Lifted and target companies are unable to obtain sufficient quantities of raw and packaging materials, delays or reductions in product shipments may occur which would have a material adverse effect on Lifted s and target companies businesses, financial conditions and results of operations. If Lifted and target companies packaging suppliers replicate and sell Lifted s or target companies proprietary or custom packaging designs to competitors, or disclose to competitors Lifted s or target companies future products, there may be material adverse effects on Lifted s and target companies businesses, financial conditions and results of operations. The supply and price of raw materials used to produce Lifted s and target companies products can be affected by a number of factors beyond Lifted s and target companies control, such as political tensions between the US and China, tariffs, freight- and port-related backups and other logistical problems, wildfires, frosts, droughts, other weather conditions, economic factors affecting growing decisions, and various plant diseases and pests. If any of the foregoing were to occur, no assurance can be given that such condition would not have a material adverse effect on Lifted s and target companies businesses, financial conditions and results of operations. In addition, Lifted s and target companies results of operations are dependent upon their ability to accurately forecast their requirements of raw materials. Any failure by Lifted and target companies to accurately forecast their demand for raw materials may result in an inability to meet higher than anticipated demand for products or producing excess inventory, either of which may adversely affect their results of operations. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies depend on a small number of retailers for a significant portion of their sales Retailers across all channels in the U.S. and other markets have been consolidating, increasing margin demands of brand suppliers, and increasing their own private brand offerings, resulting in large, sophisticated retailers with increased buying power. They are in a better position to resist Lifted s and target companies price increases and demand lower prices. They also have leverage to require Lifted and target companies to provide larger, more tailored promotional and product delivery programs. If Lifted and target companies and their distributor partners do not successfully provide appropriate marketing, product, packaging, pricing and service to these retailers, Lifted s and target companies product availability, sales and margins may suffer. Certain retailers make up an important percentage of Lifted s and target companies products retail volume, including volume sold by Lifted s and target companies distributor partners. Some retailers also offer their own private label products that compete with some of Lifted s and target companies brands. The loss of sales of any of Lifted s products by a major retailer may have a material adverse effect on our business and financial performance. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Third party manufacturers may make decisions adverse to Lifted s and target companies best interests A portion of Lifted s and target companies sales revenue is dependent on third party manufacturers that Lifted and target companies do not control. The majority of these manufacturers business comes from producing and/or selling either their own products or competitors products. As independent companies, these manufacturers make their own business decisions. They may have the right to determine whether, and to what extent, they manufacture Lifted s and target companies products, Lifted s and target companies competitors products and their own products. They may devote more resources to other products or take other actions detrimental to Lifted s and target companies brands. In many cases, they are able to terminate their manufacturing arrangements with Lifted and target companies without cause. Lifted and target companies may need to increase support for their brands in their territories and may not be able to pass on price increases to them. Their financial condition may also be adversely affected by conditions beyond Lifted s and target companies control, and Lifted s and target companies business may suffer as a result. Deteriorating economic conditions may negatively impact the financial viability of third party manufacturers. Any of these factors may negatively affect Lifted s and target companies business and financial performance. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Failure of third-party distributors upon which Lifted and target companies rely may adversely affect their businesses Lifted and target companies may rely heavily on third party distributors for the sale of a portion of their products to retailers. The loss of a significant distributor may have a material adverse effect on Lifted s and target companies businesses, financial conditions and results of operations. Lifted s and target companies distributors may also provide distribution services to competing brands, as well as larger, national or international brands, and may be to varying degrees influenced by their continued business relationships with other larger companies. Lifted s and target companies independent distributors may be influenced by a large competitor if they rely on that competitor for a significant portion of their sales. There can be no assurance that Lifted s and target companies distributors will continue to effectively market and distribute Lifted s and target companies products. The loss of any distributor or the inability to replace a poorly performing distributor in a timely fashion may have a material adverse effect on Lifted s and target companies businesses, financial conditions and results of operations. Furthermore, no assurance can be given that Lifted and target companies will successfully attract new distributors as they increase their presence in their existing markets or expand into new markets. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Disruptions to production at Lifted s and target companies manufacturing and distribution facilities may occur Disruptions in production at Lifted s and target companies manufacturing facilities may have material adverse effects on their businesses. In addition, disruptions may occur at any of Lifted s and target companies other facilities or those of Lifted s and target companies suppliers or distributors. The disruptions may occur for many reasons, including pandemics, fire, natural disaster, inclement weather, bomb cyclones, water scarcity, manufacturing problems, disease, strikes, transportation or supply interruption, government regulation, cybersecurity attacks or terrorism. Alternative facilities with sufficient capacity or capabilities may not be available, may cost substantially more or may take a significant time to start production, each of which may negatively affect Lifted s and target companies business and financial performance. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 41 Table of Contents Lifted and target companies may be subject to seasonality related to sales of their products Lifted s and target companies businesses may be subject to substantial seasonal fluctuations. Lifted s and target companies operating results for any particular quarter may not necessarily be indicative of any other results. If for any reason Lifted and target companies sales were to be substantially below seasonal norms, then Lifted s and target companies annual revenues and earnings may be materially and adversely affected. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may fail to comply with applicable government laws and regulations Lifted and target companies are subject to a variety of federal, state and local laws and regulations in the U.S. These laws and regulations apply to many aspects of their businesses including the manufacture, safety, labeling, transportation, advertising, sale of their products, consumer age verification, the collection and remittance of sales and use taxes, income taxes, payroll taxes, tobacco and excise taxes, other fees, and the filing of related returns. Some of these laws (including tax laws and regulations such as excise and sales tax) and regulations are complex, ambiguous, subject to multiple interpretations, and/or subject to frequent changes. Sales and use taxes, excise taxes, or other fees or taxes may be improperly collected or remitted improperly or late. In addition, filings and amendments to filings may not be prepared and filed on time with the appropriate regulatory or government entity. Violations of these laws or regulations in regard to the manufacture, safety, labeling, consumer age verification, transportation and advertising of their products may damage their reputation and/or result in regulatory actions with substantial penalties. In addition, any significant change in such laws or regulations or their interpretation, or the introduction of higher standards or more stringent laws or regulations, may result in increased compliance costs or capital expenditures. For example, changes in recycling and bottle deposit laws or special taxes on Lifted s and target companies beverages and their ingredients may increase their costs. In particular, regulatory focus on the health, safety and marketing of smokable, edible/ingestible, and beverage products is increasing. Certain federal or state regulations or laws affecting the labeling of Lifted s and target companies products, such as California s Prop 65, which requires warnings on any product with substances that the state lists as potentially causing cancer or birth defects, are or may become applicable to Lifted s and target companies products. These factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may be subject to complex and/or ambiguous laws and regulations Some of the laws and regulations governing our industry are complex and/or ambiguous, and are subject to different legal interpretations. Depending on what legal interpretations are enforced by regulatory agencies and the courts, we may be subject to prohibitions, restrictions, regulations, taxation or other requirements that we currently do not believe are applicable to us. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies face various operating hazards that may result in the reduction of their operations Lifted and target companies operations are subject to certain hazards and liability risks faced by beverage, food and edibles companies that manufacture and distribute drink products, food and other edibles, such as defective products, contaminated products and damaged products. The occurrence of such problems may result in a costly product recall and serious damage to Lifted s and target companies reputations for product quality, and may potentially lead to lawsuits and governmental investigations. No assurance can be given that insurance (if any) will be adequate to fully cover any incidents of product contamination or injuries resulting from their operations and their products. Lifted and target companies may not be able to continue to maintain insurance (if any) with adequate coverage for liabilities or risks arising from their business operations on acceptable terms. Even if insurance (if any) is adequate, insurance premiums may increase significantly which may result in higher costs for Lifted and target companies. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Litigation and publicity concerning product safety or quality, health, human and workplace rights, and other issues may damage Lifted s and target companies brand image and corporate reputation, and may adversely affect Lifted s and target companies results of operations, business and financial conditions Lifted s and target companies success depends on their ability to build and maintain the brand images for their existing products, new products and brand extensions and maintain their corporate reputations. There can be no assurance that their advertising, marketing and promotional programs and their commitments to product safety and quality and human rights will have the desired impact on their products brand image and on consumer preference and demand. Product safety, quality and/or ingredient content issues, efficacy or lack thereof (real or imagined), or allegations of product contamination, even if false or unfounded, could tarnish the image of the affected brands and may cause consumers to choose other products. Furthermore, Lifted s and target companies brand images or perceived product quality may be adversely affected by litigation, unfavorable reports in the media (internet or elsewhere), studies in general and regulatory or other governmental inquiries (in each case whether involving their products or those of their competitors) and proposed or new legislation affecting their industries. In addition, from time to time, there may be public policy endeavors that are either directly related to Lifted s and target companies products and packaging or to their businesses. These public policy debates can occasionally be the subject of backlash from advocacy groups that have a differing point of view and may result in adverse media and consumer reaction, including product boycotts. Similarly, Lifted s and target companies sponsorship relationships may subject Lifted and target companies to negative publicity as a result of actual or alleged misconduct by individuals or entities associated with organizations or individuals Lifted and target companies sponsor or support. Likewise, campaigns by activists connecting Lifted and target companies, or their supply chains, with human and workplace rights issues may adversely impact Lifted s and target companies corporate images and reputations. Allegations, even if untrue, that Lifted and target companies are not respecting one or more of the human rights found in the United Nations Universal Declaration of Human Rights; actual or perceived failure by Lifted s and target companies suppliers or other business partners to comply with applicable labor and workplace rights laws, including child labor laws, or their actual or perceived abuse or misuse of migrant workers; and adverse publicity surrounding obesity and health concerns related to Lifted s and target companies products, water usage, environmental impact, labor relations or the like may negatively affect Lifted s and target companies overall reputations and brand images, which in turn may have negative impacts on Lifted s and target companies products acceptance by consumers. 42 Table of Contents Lifted and target companies may also incur significant liabilities, if lawsuits or claims result in decisions against them, or litigation costs, regardless of the result. Further, any litigation may cause Lifted s and target companies key employees to expend resources and time normally devoted to the operations of their businesses. All of these factors may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. It is difficult and costly for Lifted and target companies to protect their proprietary rights Lifted s and target companies commercial success will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining trademark protection, patent protection, and trade secret protection of their products and brands, as well as successfully defending that intellectual property against third-party challenges, which they might not be able to do. Lifted and target companies will only be able to protect their intellectual property related to their trademarks, patents and brands (if any) to the extent that they have rights under valid and enforceable trademarks, patents or trade secrets that cover their products and brands, which they might not have. Changes in either the trademark and patent laws or in interpretations of trademark and patent laws in the U.S. and other countries may diminish the value of their intellectual property (if any). Accordingly, Lifted and target companies cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowed or enforced in their issued trademarks or their issued patents (if any). The degree of future protection for their proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect their rights or permit them to gain or keep their competitive advantage. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may face intellectual property infringement claims that may be time-consuming and costly to defend, and could result in their loss of significant rights and the assessment of treble damages From time to time Lifted and target companies may face intellectual property infringement, misappropriation, or invalidity/non-infringement claims from third parties. Some of these claims may lead to litigation. The outcome of any such litigation can never be guaranteed, and an adverse outcome may affect Lifted and target companies negatively. For example, were a third party to succeed on an infringement claim against Lifted and target companies, Lifted and target companies may be required to pay substantial damages (including up to treble damages if such infringement were found to be willful). In addition, Lifted and target companies may face an injunction, barring them from conducting the allegedly infringing activity. The outcome of the litigation may require Lifted and target companies to enter into a license agreement which may not be under acceptable, commercially reasonable, or practical terms or Lifted and target companies may be precluded from obtaining a license at all. It is also possible that an adverse finding of infringement against Lifted and target companies may require them to dedicate substantial resources and time in developing non-infringing alternatives, which may or may not be possible. In the case of diagnostic tests, Lifted and target companies may also need to include non-infringing technologies which may require Lifted and target companies to re-validate their tests. Any such re-validation, in addition to being costly and time consuming, may be unsuccessful. Finally, Lifted and target companies may initiate claims to assert or defend their own intellectual property against third parties. Any intellectual property litigation, irrespective of whether Lifted and target companies are the plaintiff or the defendant, and regardless of the outcome, is expensive and time-consuming, and may divert Lifted s and target companies management s attention from their businesses and negatively affect their operating results or financial condition. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Lifted and target companies may be subject to claims by third parties asserting that Lifted s and target companies employees or Lifted and target companies have misappropriated the third parties intellectual property, or claiming ownership of what Lifted and target companies regard as their own intellectual property Although Lifted and target companies try to ensure that they, their employees, and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for Lifted and target companies, they may be subject to claims that they, their employees, or independent contractors have used or disclosed intellectual property in violation of others rights. These claims may cover a range of matters, such as challenges to Lifted s and target companies trademarks, as well as claims that their employees or independent contractors are using trade secrets or other proprietary information of any such employee s former employer or independent contractors. As a result, Lifted and target companies may be forced to bring claims against third parties, or defend claims they may bring against Lifted and target companies, to determine the ownership of what Lifted and target companies regard as their intellectual property. If Lifted and target companies fail in prosecuting or defending any such claims, in addition to paying monetary damages, Lifted and target companies may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel. Even if Lifted and target companies are successful in prosecuting or defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We will not control businesses in which we own a minority equity ownership interest We will not control any business in which we own a minority equity ownership interest, such as Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits. We can provide no assurance that the owner of the majority equity ownership interest of such business will be able to manage such business successfully. A failure by the controlling owner of a company in which we own a minority equity ownership interest may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 43 Table of Contents Under US generally accepted accounting principles (US GAAP), we will not be able to consolidate our financial statements with the financial statements of companies in which we own minority equity ownership interests Under US GAAP, we use the cost method to account for our minority equity ownership interests in businesses in which we own less than 20 of equity ownership, and have no substantial influence over the management of the businesses. Under the cost method of accounting, we report the historical costs of the investments as assets on our balance sheet. However, US GAAP does not permit the consolidation of our financial statements with the financial statements of companies in which we own minority equity ownership interests. US GAAP also requires us to record these types of investments at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. As such, we will not be allowed to consolidate into our financial statements any portion of the revenues, earnings or assets of companies in which we own minority equity ownership interests such as Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits. Moreover, even if there is evidence that the fair market values of the investments have increased above their historical costs, US GAAP does not allow increasing the recorded values of the investments. Under US GAAP, the only adjustments that may be made to the historical costs of the investments are write downs of the values of the investments, which must be made if there is evidence that the fair market values of the investments have declined to below the recorded historical costs. Also, under US GAAP, we used the equity method of accounting to account for our 50 membership interest in SmplyLifted prior to the Lifted s sale of that interest. Under the equity method of accounting, we recorded our initial investment in SmplyLifted, which was 200,000, as an asset at historical cost. We then recorded our share (50 of SmplyLifted s losses as losses on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. In addition, under the equity method of accounting, the investment s value was adjusted on a quarterly basis to reflect the changes in value due to Lifted s share in SmplyLifted s losses. As a result of these effects of US GAAP, potential buyers of our stock may be confused because they may not be able to immediately understand the financial results and the values of the minority ownership interests that we have in certain businesses such as Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, or future businesses. These situations may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may not be able to exit from minority equity ownership interests We may not be able to exit from minority equity ownership interests in companies such as Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits on acceptable terms, if at all. Because our equity ownership interests in these companies will not allow us to clearly control the management, operations, and direction of the businesses, a potential sale or other exit from such investment may be extremely difficult or impossible to achieve on acceptable terms, if at all. The other owners of equity ownership interests in such businesses may refuse to cooperate with such a sale or exit, or may engage in business practices including but not limited to inflated salaries, stock dilution, obstructionist or delaying tactics, or other behavior that would result in our equity ownership interests having an extremely limited or non-existent market. Such a situation may materially negatively affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may not be able to properly brand our Company In September 2021, we changed the name of our company to LFTD Partners Inc. from Acquired Sales Corp. , and we changed our ticker symbol to LSFP from AQSP . On March 15, 2022 we changed our ticker symbol to LIFD . Because we intend to acquire equity ownership interests in many different Canna-Infused Products Companies, with a range of products, packaging, names and cultures, we may not be able to properly brand our Company or properly represent all of the companies in which we are invested. Potential acquisition candidates, consumers, and potential investors may have difficulty assimilating all of our diverse business interests, and consequently may not give our common stock a proper valuation. Even if we change the name of our Company to a name that more properly reflects our focus on acquiring equity ownership interests in Canna-Infused Products Companies, such a name change may not be embraced by consumers or potential investors. Moreover, no assurances or guarantees may be provided that the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA will grant requests for ticker symbol changes, or that such ticker symbol changes will be embraced by consumers or potential investors. These risks may materially negatively affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 44 Table of Contents We may not be able to properly market our products Marketing our products properly will require a great deal of marketing expertise, an extensive and trained staff, and large amounts of marketing dollars. Our marketing expertise and experience is limited, our staff size and training is limited, and we lack large amounts of marketing dollars. A failure or inability to properly market our products may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may not be able to properly manage multiple businesses We may not be able to properly manage multiple businesses in the hemp-derived, psychoactive, and alternative lifestyle products industries. Managing multiple businesses may be more complicated than managing a single line of business, and may require that we hire and manage executives with experience and expertise in different fields. We can provide no assurance that we will be able to do so successfully. A failure to properly manage multiple businesses may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may not be able to successfully integrate new acquisitions Even if we are able to acquire additional companies or assets, we may not be able to successfully integrate or achieve synergies among those companies or assets. For example, we may need to integrate or coordinate widely dispersed operations with different corporate cultures, operating margins, competitive environments, computer systems, accounting software, compensation schemes, business plans and growth potential requiring significant management time and attention. In addition, the successful integration or coordination of any companies we acquire will depend in large part on the retention of personnel critical to our combined business operations due to, for example, unique technical skills or management expertise. We may be unable to retain existing management, finance, accounting, engineering, sales, customer support, and operations personnel that are critical to the success of the integrated Company, resulting in disruption of operations, loss of key information, expertise or know-how, unanticipated additional recruitment and training costs, and otherwise diminishing anticipated benefits of these acquisitions, including loss of revenue and profitability. Failure to successfully integrate acquired businesses may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Our acquisitions of businesses may be extremely risky and we may lose all of our investments We may invest in the nicotine, hemp-derived, psychoactive, alternative lifestyle products, or other risky industries. An investment in these companies may be extremely risky because, among other things, the companies we are likely to focus on: (i) may be viewed as being dangerous or illegal by the DEA or FDA, by state governments, or by other governmental or regulatory bodies and agencies; (ii) typically have limited operating histories, narrower product lines and smaller market shares than larger businesses, which tend to render them more vulnerable to competitors actions and market conditions, as well as general economic downturns; (iii) tend to be privately-owned and generally have little publicly available information and, as a result, we may not learn all of the material information we need to know regarding these businesses; (iv) are more likely to depend on the management talents and efforts of a small group of people; and, as a result, the death, disability, resignation or termination of one or more of these people could have an adverse impact on the operations of any business that we may acquire; (v) may have less predictable operating results; (vi) may from time to time be parties to litigation; (vii) may be engaged in rapidly changing businesses with products subject to a substantial risk of obsolescence; (viii) may require substantial additional capital to support their working capital, operations, expansion, marketing, research, or maintain their competitive position; and (ix) their financial statements may be unaudited, improperly prepared, and/or their internal financial controls may be inadequate or non-existent. Our failure to efficiently make accretive acquisitions that meet all of our criteria may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and the trading price of our common stock. Future acquisitions may fail to perform as expected Future acquisitions may fail to perform as expected, for many reasons, many of which may be unforeseen. For examples: information supplied to us regarding future acquisitions may be incomplete, inaccurate or misleading; we may overestimate future acquisitions cash flow, underestimate their costs, or fail to understand their risks; the management of future acquisitions may clash with our management or our board of directors, lose focus on growing the profitability of their businesses, or may resign to pursue other interests; or future acquisitions may be crushed by larger and more experienced and financially stronger competitors. These risks may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Competition may result in overpaying for acquisitions Other investors with significant capital may compete with us for attractive investment opportunities. These competitors may include publicly traded companies, private equity firms, privately held buyers, individual investors, and other types of investors. Such competition may increase the price of acquisitions, or otherwise adversely affect the terms and conditions of acquisitions. This may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 45 Table of Contents We may have insufficient resources to cover our debts, operating expenses, dividends owed on our preferred stock, and the expenses of raising money and consummating acquisitions We have limited cash to cover the costs of building inventory, hiring employees, expanding our operational footprint, our company-wide bonus pool, other business operating expenses, dividends owed on our preferred stock, and the expenses incurred in connection with money raising, performing due diligence and acquiring businesses, and the SEC filings and audit responsibilities associated with being a publicly traded company. If we do not have sufficient proceeds available to cover our expenses, we may be forced to attempt to obtain additional financing, either from our management or third parties. We may not be able to obtain additional financing on acceptable terms, if at all, and neither our management nor any third party is obligated to provide any financing. This may have a material adverse impact on our Company and on the trading price of our common stock. We may not be able to identify good acquisitions in the future There can be no assurance that we will be successful in locating acquisition candidates meeting our criteria in the future. In the event that we complete a future merger or acquisition transaction, of which there can be no assurance, our success, if any, will be dependent upon the operations, financial condition and management of the target company, and upon numerous other factors beyond our control. If the operations, profitability, financial condition or management of the target company were to be disrupted or otherwise negatively impacted following a transaction, our Company and our common stock price may be negatively impacted. We may carry out actions that will not require our stockholders approval The terms and conditions of any acquisition may require us to take actions that may not require our stockholders approval. In order to acquire certain companies or assets, we may issue additional shares of common or convertible preferred stock, or borrow money or issue debt instruments including debt convertible into capital stock. Not all of these actions would require our stockholders approval even if these actions dilute our stockholders economic or voting interests as shareholders. Our investigation of potential acquisitions will be limited Our analysis of new business opportunities will be undertaken by or under the supervision of our Investment Committee. Inasmuch as we will have limited funds available to search for business opportunities and ventures, we will not be able to expend significant funds on a complete and exhaustive investigation of such business or opportunity. We will, however, investigate, to the extent believed reasonable by our Investment Committee, such potential business opportunities or ventures by conducting a due diligence investigation . In a due diligence investigation, we intend to obtain and review materials regarding the business opportunity. Typically, such materials will include information regarding a target company s products, services, contracts, management, ownership, and financial information. In addition, we intend to cause our Investment Committee to personally meet with management and key personnel of target companies, ask questions regarding the target companies prospects, tour facilities, and conduct other reasonable investigation of the target companies to the extent of our limited financial resources and management and technical expertise. There is a risk that the owners and/or the managers of potential acquisitions could misrepresent and/or fail to disclose material adverse facts regarding the potential acquisitions, or that our shareholders may institute litigation claiming that our due diligence investigations of potential acquisitions were insufficient or negligent in some way. Any failure of our typical due diligence investigation to uncover issues and problems relating to target companies may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We will have only a limited ability to evaluate the directors and management of potential acquisitions We may make a determination that our current directors and officers should not remain, or should change or reduce their roles, following money raising or a business combination, based on an assessment of the experience and skill sets of new directors and officers and the management of target companies. We cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We will be dependent on outside advisors to assist us In order to supplement the business experience of management, we may employ investment bankers, accountants, technical experts, appraisers, attorneys, independent contractors or other consultants or advisors. The selection of any such advisors will be made by management and without any control from shareholders. Additionally, it is anticipated that such persons may be engaged by us on an independent basis without a continuing fiduciary or other obligation to us. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. If we are unable to successfully execute on our future operating plans, our financial condition and results of operation may be materially adversely affected, and we may not be able to continue as a going concern It is critical that we meet our sales goals and increase sales going forward. If we do not meet our sales goals, our available cash and working capital may decrease and our financial condition will be negatively impacted. This may have a material adverse effect on our Company and the trading price of our common stock. We may fail to manage our growth effectively Future growth through acquisitions and organic expansion may place a significant strain on our managerial, operational, technical, training, systems and financial resources. We can give you no assurance that we will be able to manage our expanding operations properly or cost effectively. A failure to properly and cost-effectively manage our expansion may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 46 Table of Contents The management of companies we acquire may lose their enthusiasm or entrepreneurship after the sale of their businesses We can give no assurance that the management of future companies we acquire will have the same level of enthusiasm for operating their businesses following their acquisition by us; or, if they cease performing services for the acquired businesses, that we will be able to install replacement management with the same skill sets and determination. There also is always a risk that management of companies we acquire will attempt to reenter the market and possibly seek to recruit some of our employees. This may materially adversely affect our business and the trading price of our common stock. Complications with the implementation of our Inventory Management Software could adversely impact our business and operations We rely on information systems and technology to manage our business and summarize operating results. We are in the process of implementing Inventory Management Software IMS ). IMS is designed to accurately maintain the quantities and costs of the Company s raw goods and finished goods. The IMS implementation process has required, and will continue to require, the investment of significant personnel and financial resources. We may not be able to successfully implement the IMS without experiencing increased costs and other difficulties and our planned timeline to implement the remaining phases of our IMS may be delayed. If we are unable to successfully implement our IMS system as planned, our business, results of operations, and financial condition may be negatively impacted. Additionally, if we do not effectively implement the IMS as planned or the IMS does not operate as intended, the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting may be adversely affected or our ability to adequately assess those controls could be delayed. These factors may materially adversely affect our business and the trading price of our common stock. Law enforcement officials may claim that Lifted's or Target Companies' products are contaminated There is a risk that law enforcement officials may claim that Lifted's or Target Companies' products are contaminated with illegal drugs or other harmful substances. This risk may be heightened by some law enforcement officials' belief that hemp-derived cannabinoid-infused products need to be prohibited or heavily regulated, or by some law enforcement officials' use of mobile testing devices that may produce inaccurate and/or misleading test results that allow law enforcement officials to knowingly or unknowingly claim that legitimate products constitute threats to the public's health. For example, in February 2023, the district attorney in Montgomery County, Pennsylvania, held a press conference claiming that heroin and fentanyl had been found in certain hemp-derived cannabinoid-infused products being sold at a local retailer under three product brands, including the "Urb Extrax" brand of hemp-derived delta-8-THC gummies manufactured and sold by a third party unrelated to Lifted. These claims apparently were based upon mobile testing results obtained by Montgomery County law enforcement. However, when these products were later tested by a recognized lab hired by Montgomery County law enforcement, apparently no heroin or fentanyl was detected. Despite the absence of any detectable levels of heroin or fentanyl in these products, the district attorney's allegations made at the press conference were widely reported by various media outlets, and caused great concern among consumers, and possibly caused damage to the companies and product brands involved and/or to the entire hemp-derived cannabinoid products industry. If in the future law enforcement officials were to claim that Lifted's or target companies' products contain illegal drugs or other harmful contaminants, our Company and the trading price of our common stock could be materially adversely affected. RISK FACTORS RELATING TO THE BEVERAGE ALCOHOL BUSINESS Alcohol related laws, regulatory measures, or governmental policies could cause Bendistillery and Bend Spirits to incur material additional costs or liabilities We purchased 4.99 of CBD-infused beverage maker Ablis, and of craft distillers Bendistillery and Bend Spirits. Two of those companies produce and sell alcohol. Federal, state, local, and foreign authorities regulate how companies produce, store, transport, distribute, and sell products containing alcohol and distilled spirits. Some countries and local jurisdictions prohibit or restrict the marketing or sale of distilled spirits in whole or in part. In the United States, at the federal level, the Alcohol and Tobacco Tax and Trade Bureau of the U.S. Department of the Treasury regulates the spirits and wine industry with respect to the production, blending, bottling, labeling, sales, advertising, and transportation of beverage alcohol. Similar regulatory regimes exist at the state level and in any non-U.S. jurisdictions where craft distillers Bendistillery and Bend Spirits sell their products. In addition, beverage alcohol products are subject to customs duties or excise taxation in many countries, including taxation at the federal, state, and local level in the United States. Laws of each nation define distilling and maturation requirements; for example, under U.S. federal and state regulations, bourbon and Tennessee whiskeys must be aged in new charred oak barrels. All authorizations, approvals or permits, if any, of any governmental authority or regulatory body of the United States or of any state are required in connection with the lawful selling of liquor. As 4.99 owner of craft distillers Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, we are impacted by the regulatory risks relating to the production and sale of alcohol which is subject to extensive regulatory requirements regarding production, exportation, importation, marketing and promotion, labeling, distribution, pricing, and trade practices, among others. Changes in laws, regulatory measures, or governmental policies, or the manner in which current ones are interpreted, could cause Bendistillery, Bend Spirits and target companies to incur material additional costs or liabilities, and jeopardize the growth of their businesses in any affected market. For instance, federal, state, or local governments may prohibit, impose, or increase limitations on advertising and promotional activities, or times or locations where beverage alcohol may be sold or consumed, or adopt other measures that could limit Bendistillery s, Bend Spirits and target companies opportunities to reach consumers or sell products. It is conceivable that television, newspaper, magazine, and/or internet advertising for beverage alcohol products could be limited or banned completely. Increases in regulation of this nature could substantially reduce consumer awareness of the products of Bendistillery, Bend Spirits and target companies in the affected markets and make the introduction of new products more challenging. The impact of increased taxation on alcohol and distilled spirits may have additional negative financial impacts on Bendistillery, Bend Spirits and target companies. All of these factors may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Changes in consumer preferences or public attitudes about alcohol may decrease demand for our beverage alcohol products If general consumer trends lead to a decrease in the demand for Bendistillery s and Bend Spirits products or liquor in general, our sales and results of operations in the beverage alcohol segment may be adversely affected. There is no assurance that the liquor segment will experience growth in future periods. Further, the alcoholic beverage industry is subject to public concern and political attention over alcohol-related social problems, including drunk driving, underage drinking and health consequences from the misuse of alcohol. In reaction to these concerns, steps may be taken to restrict advertising, to impose additional cautionary labeling or packaging requirements, or to increase excise or other taxes on beverage alcohol products. Any such developments may have an adverse impact on the financial condition, operating results and cash flows for Bendistillery and Bend Spirits. All of these factors may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Developments affecting production at Bendistillery s and Bend Spirits distilleries may negatively impact Bendistillery s and Bend Spirits financial results Adverse changes or developments affecting Bendistillery s and Bend Spirits distilleries in Bend, Oregon, including, fire, power failure, natural disaster, public health crisis, or a material failure of our security infrastructure, may reduce or require Bendistillery and Bend Spirits to entirely suspend operations. Additionally, due to many factors, including seasonality and production schedules of Bendistillery s and Bend Spirits various products and packaging, actual production capacity may fluctuate throughout the year and may not reach full working capacity. If Bendistillery and Bend Spirits experience contraction in their sales and distilling volumes, the excess capacity and unabsorbed overhead may have an adverse effect on gross margins, operating cash flows and overall financial performance of Bendistillery and Bend Spirits. All of these factors may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. 47 Table of Contents Bendistillery and Bend Spirits face substantial competition in the liquor industry and the broader market for alcoholic beverage products which may impact its business and financial results The market for alcoholic beverage products within the United States is highly competitive due to the increasing number of domestic and international beverage companies with similar pricing and target drinkers, the introduction and expansion of hard seltzers, gains in market share achieved by domestic specialty beers and imported beers, and the acquisition of craft distillers and brewers by larger distillers and brewers. We anticipate competition among domestic craft distillers and brewers will also remain strong as existing distillers and breweries build more capacity, expand geographically and add more products, flavors and styles. The continued growth in the sales of hard seltzers, craft-brewed domestic beers and imported beers is expected to increase competition in the market for alcoholic beverages within the United States and, as a result, prices and market share of Bendistillery s and Bend Spirits products may fluctuate and possibly decline. The liquor and beer industry has seen continued consolidation among brewers in order to take advantage of cost savings opportunities for supplies, distribution and operations. Due to the increased leverage that these combined operations have in distribution and sales and marketing expenses, the costs to Bendistillery and Bend Spirits of competing may increase. The potential also exists for these large competitors to increase their influence with their distributors, making it difficult for smaller distillers and brewers to maintain their market presence or enter new markets. The increase in the number and availability of competing products and brands, the costs to compete and potential decrease in distribution support and opportunities may adversely affect Bendistillery s and Bend Spirits business and financial results. All of these factors may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Alcoholic beverage sales are subject to slowdowns and are seasonal Bendistillery, Bend Spirits and target companies are involved in the sale of a variety of distilled alcoholic beverages including vodka, whiskey and gin, and their sales of such beverages are subject to occasional slowdowns and are seasonal. Also, some health-conscious consumers are reducing or eliminating their alcohol consumption entirely. These factors could adversely affect the value of our ownership interest in those companies, which may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. Alcoholic beverage distributors are powerful and control much of the marketplace Bendistillery, Bend Spirits and target companies distribute their distilled alcoholic beverages through a limited number of powerful distributors that control much of the marketplace for alcoholic beverages. In order for Bendistillery and Bend Spirits to grow, they will be required to maintain such relationships with their distributors and to enter into agreements with additional distributors. No assurance can be given that Bendistillery and Bend Spirits will be able to maintain their current distribution network or secure additional distributors on terms favorable to Bendistillery and Bend Spirits. If Bendistillery s and Bend Spirits existing distribution agreements are terminated, they may not be able to enter into new distribution agreements on substantially similar terms, which may result in an increase in the costs of distribution. The loss of such distributors, or disruptions to the operations of such distributors, may adversely affect the value of our ownership interest in those companies, which may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. The Oregon Liquor Control Commission has jurisdiction over our directors, officers and significant shareholders Due to our minority ownership interest in Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, the Oregon Liquor Control Commission OLCC has jurisdiction over our directors, officers and significant shareholders. If the OLCC were to refuse to approve any of our directors, officers or significant shareholders, it may disrupt our management and corporate governance, which may materially adversely affect our Company and the trading price of our common stock. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES Description of Property LFTD Partners CEO GJacobs and its President and CFO WJacobs live in Florida, and LFTD Partners COO NWarrender lives part time in Wisconsin and part time in Florida. The Company currently does not have a dedicated corporate office for LFTD Partners other than in the home office spaces provided by the Company s CEO and President in Florida. The future location of LFTD Partners corporate office will depend upon a number of factors including where our CEO is living at the time. Lifted does not own any physical properties. 48 Table of Contents Lease of Building Located at 5511 95th Ave, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 On December 18, 2020, Lifted as tenant entered into a Lease Agreement (the Lease) with 95th Holdings, LLC Holdings or Landlord for office, laboratory and warehouse space in a building located at 5511 95 th Avenue, in the City of Kenosha, State of Wisconsin (the Premises ). The lease commencement date was January 1, 2021, and lease termination date is January 1, 2026. Landlord is an entity owned directly or indirectly by NWarrender, the Company s Vice Chairman and COO, the CEO of Lifted, and the largest stockholder of the Company as the beneficial owner of 3,900,455 shares of common stock of the Company. Due to the potential conflict of interest, the terms and conditions of the Lease were negotiated on behalf of Lifted by Vincent J. Mesolella, the Lead Outside Director of the Company. Landlord and Lifted were represented by their own independent legal counsel in connection with the Lease. Under the terms of the Lease, NWarrender is able to benefit through his ownership of Landlord by Landlord s receiving rent and eventually selling the Premises to Lifted. Lifted constructed improvements to the Premises including a clean room, and gradually moved into the Premises over the course of the first quarter of 2021. Under the terms of the triple-net Lease, starting on January 1, 2021, Lifted leased approximately 11,238 square feet at the Premises at 6.13 per square foot per year in base rent 68,888.94 in 2021), which is subject to a 2 increase in base rent each year, plus certain operating expenses and taxes. The Lease will continue until midnight on the fifth anniversary date of the commencement date of the Lease. Lifted shall have the right to extend the original five year term of the Lease for one extension period of two years, commencing upon the expiration of the original term. Lifted and Landlord are required to execute an Amendment of Extension prior to six months before the expiration of the original term. Rent Schedule Date Base Monthly Rent January 1, 2021 December 31, 2021 5,740.75 January 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 5,855.57 January 1, 2023 December 31, 2023 5,972.68 January 1, 2024 December 31, 2024 6,092.13 January 1, 2025 December 31, 2025 6,213.97 Under the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, Lifted is obligated to purchase the Premises from Landlord on or before December 31, 2022 for a fixed purchase price of 1,375,000. As a result, as of December 31, 2021, the Company modified its methodology for accounting of this finance lease (the Modification Date ), such that the only liability recognized as of December 31, 2021 was a current (within one year) liability, and there was no long-term liability recognized. An immaterial loss on lease modification of 1,446 was also recognized as of the Modification Date. The Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset value was reduced to reflect the fixed purchase price agreed to under the Omnibus Agreement. The Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset will be amortized over its useful life (39 years) on a prospective basis from the Modification Date. That is, the Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset was previously amortized over the lease term, but given mandatory purchase by December 31, 2022, the Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset will be amortized over 39 years starting on the Modification Date. In anticipation of the Company purchasing the Premises, Lifted has significantly expanded the Premises parking lot, and in addition has engaged an architect to design a potential expansion of the Premises. If this expansion is financed, permitted and constructed, then Lifted anticipates consolidating all or nearly all of its operations in the expanded Premises, and subletting the other spaces that Lifted is currently leasing in Kenosha. Under the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, Lifted is obligated to purchase the Premises from Landlord on or before December 31, 2022 for a fixed purchase price of 1,375,000. Pursuant to the terms of the Acceleration Agreement, the purchase date has been delayed until on or before December 31, 2023. Lease of Space Located at 8920 58th Place, Suite 850, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 On September 23, 2021, Lifted entered into a Lease Agreement (the 58 th Lease with TI Investors of Kenosha LLC, TI for office and warehouse space (the 58 th Suite 850 located at 8920 58th Place, Suite 850, Kenosha, WI 53144. The 58 th Suite 850 serve as sales offices and finished goods storage for Lifted. The term of the 58 th Lease commenced on October 1, 2021. The initial term of the Lease will extend approximately three year, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 58 th Lease. While extensions are not prohibited, Lifted does not have the right to unilaterally elect to extend the term of the 58 th Lease for an additional term. Under the terms of the 58 th Lease, Lifted will lease the approximately 5,000 square feet of the 58 th Suite 850 and pay a base square foot charge of 5.75 per square foot per annum, with a 3 increase in rent each year during the term. Lifted will also be responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating costs. This lease is accounted for as an operating lease. Rent Schedule Date Base Monthly Rent 10/01/2021 09/30/2022 2,395.84 10/01/2022 09/30/2023 2,467.72 10/01/2023 09/30/2024 2,541.75 Lease of Space Located at 8910 58th Place, Suites 600 and 700, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 On November 17, 2021, Lifted entered into a Lease Agreement (the Second 58 th Lease with TI for office and warehouse space (the 58 th Suites 600 700 located at 8910 58th Place, Suites 600 700, Kenosha, WI 53144. The 58th Suites 600 700 are used for raw goods storage. The term of the Second 58 th Lease commenced on January 1, 2022. The initial term of the Second 58 th Lease will extend approximately five years, unless extended or earlier terminated in accordance with the Second 58 th Lease. While extensions are not prohibited, Lifted does not have the right to unilaterally elect to extend the term of the Second 58 th Lease for an additional term. 49 Table of Contents Under the terms of the Second 58 th Lease, Lifted will lease the approximately 8,000 square feet of the 58th Suites 600 and 700 and pay a base square foot charge of 6.00 per square foot per annum, with increases in rent each year during the term as set out in the table titled Rent Schedule below. This lease is accounted for as an operating lease. Rent Schedule Date Base Monthly Rent 01/01/2022 12/31/2022 4,000.00 01/01/2023 12/31/2023 4,120.00 01/01/2024 12/31/2024 4,243.60 01/01/2025 12/31/2025 4,370.91 01/01/2026 12/31/2026 4,502.34 Lifted will also be responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating costs. Lease of Space Located at 9560 58th Place, Suite 360, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 On May 31, 2022, Lifted entered into another lease agreement with TI for office and warehouse space located at 9560 58th Place, Suite 360, Kenosha, WI 53144 (the Third 58 th Lease ). The Third 58 th Lease is expected to be used for gummy manufacturing, as well as provide additional needed office space. The term of the Third 58 th Lease commenced on July 1, 2022 (the Commencement Date ). The initial term of the Third 58 th Lease will extend approximately five years from the Commencement Date and ending June 30, 2027, unless extended or earlier terminated in accordance with the Lease. While extensions are not prohibited, Lifted does not have the right to unilaterally elect to extend the term of the Third 58 th Lease for an additional term. Under the terms of the Third 58 th Lease, Lifted leases approximately 6,132 square feet at 9560 58th Place, Suite 360, Kenosha, WI 53144 and pay an initial base square foot charge of 10.75 per square foot per annum, with increases in rent each year during the term as set out in the table titled Rent Schedule below. Lifted is also responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating cost. This lease is accounted for as an operating lease. Rent Schedule Date Base Monthly Rent 07/01/2022 06/30/2023 5,493.25 07/01/2023 06/30/2024 5,630.58 07/01/2024 06/30/2025 5,771.35 07/01/2025 06/30/2026 5,915.63 07/01/2026 06/30/2027 6,063.52 50 Table of Contents Sublease of Space Located at 2701-09 West Fulton PH, Chicago, Illinois 60612 On July 6, 2022, Lifted entered into a sublease for office space in Chicago, Illinois located at 2701-09 West Fulton PH, Chicago, Illinois 60612. The sublease costs 3,000 per month, plus supplemental lease related charges such as real estate taxes and common expenses of the property that we anticipate will be commercially typical costs. The sublease was retroactively effective as of June 1, 2022 and for a five-month term that ended on October 31, 2022. The purpose of the sublease is to make available office space for the members of Lifted s sales team who live in Chicago. These salespeople were spending significant time in their cars commuting from Chicago to Kenosha. The sublessor is one of our affiliates, Bill McLaughlin, Lifted s Chief Strategy Officer. The sublease is structured so that Mr. McLaughlin's lease payment obligations to the landlord are passed on to Lifted on a dollar-for-dollar basis, such that Mr. McLaughlin does not realize a cashflow profit or loss from the sublease. The sublease is currently operating on a month-to-month basis. Lease of Space Located at 5732 95th Avenue, Suite 200 and 300, Kenosha, Wisconsin On November 28, 2022, Lifted entered into a lease agreement with Ladi Investments LLC Ladi for commercial space located at 5732 95th Avenue, Suite 200 and 300, Kenosha, WI 53144 (the 5732 Lease ). The 5732 Lease is expected to be used to expand Lifted s gummy manufacturing operations. The 5732 Lease will commence on February 1, 2023. The initial term of the 5732 Lease will extend approximately five years (sixty-one months) from February 1, 2023 and end February 29, 2028, unless extended or earlier terminated in accordance with the 5732 Lease. While extensions are not prohibited, Lifted does not have the right to unilaterally elect to extend the term of the 5732 Lease for an additional term. Under the terms of the 5732 Lease, Lifted will lease approximately 4,657 square feet. Lifted will not pay any base square foot charge during February 2023. During the next twelve months, Lifted will pay a base square foot charge of 0.73 per square foot per annum, with a 4 increase in rent each twelve months thereafter during the term as set out in the table titled Rent Schedule below. This lease is accounted for as an operating lease. Rent Schedule Date Base Monthly Rent February 1, 2023 February 28, 2023 0.00 March 1, 2023 February 29, 2024 3,395.73 March 1, 2024 February 28, 2025 3,531.56 March 1, 2025 February 28, 2026 3,672.82 March 1, 2026 February 28, 2027 3,819.73 March 1, 2027 February 29, 2028 3,972.52 Third Party Facilities From time to time, the Company maintains inventory at third party facilities around the United States. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS From time to time, we may become involved in various lawsuits and legal proceedings which arise in the ordinary course of business. However, litigation is subject to inherent uncertainties, and an adverse result in these or other matters may arise from time to time that may harm our business. Please refer to NOTE 12 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS under the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. 51 Table of Contents PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Market Information Our common stock is quoted under the symbol LIFD on the OTCQB Venture Market. Our shares trade infrequently and the trading price of our shares is not necessarily indicative of the existence of a trading market for our securities or indicative of our value. The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, the high and low closing sales prices per share of our common stock. Closing Sales Prices (1) High Low Year Ended December 31, 2022 4th Quarter 3.60 1.90 3rd Quarter 7.80 3.40 2nd Quarter 5.10 3.50 1st Quarter 5.45 2.50 Year Ended December 31, 2021 4th Quarter 6.00 3.76 3rd Quarter 5.70 3.72 2nd Quarter 8.00 3.15 1st Quarter 9.60 2.25 (1) The above table sets forth the range of high and low closing sales prices per share of our common stock as reported by Yahoo! Finance for the periods indicated. Approximate Number of Holders of Our Common Stock As of March 21, 2023, a total of 14,512,578 shares of LFTD Partners common stock were outstanding and there were 836 holders of record of LFTD Partners common stock. There are 645,000 shares of Deferred Contingent Stock, related to the Company s acquisition of Lifted, that will be issued to certain Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients on or after February 24, 2023, subject to certain conditions and requirements. Please refer to NOTE 15 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS to read about the Deferred Contingent Stock that was issued on or after February 24, 2023 through the filing of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities We have not sold any unregistered securities except those already reported in prior quarterly reports. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, references to the Company, LFTD Partners, LIFD, we, our or us refer to LFTD Partners Inc. and Lifted, unless the context otherwise indicates. Prior to the acquisition of Lifted on February 24, 2020, LFTD Partners Inc. had no sources of revenue, and LFTD Partners Inc. had a history of recurring losses, which has resulted in an accumulated deficit of 4,238,735 as of December 31, 2022. LFTD Partners Inc. is currently also accruing and paying dividends on outstanding Preferred Stock at the rate of 3 per year, and has certain bonuses being accrued, among other ongoing financial obligations. In addition, as extensively discussed earlier in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we are subject to a wide variety of Risk Factors including substantial legal and regulatory risks. These matters cumulatively raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. This Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A section discusses our results of operations, liquidity and financial condition and certain factors that may affect our future results. You should read this MD A in conjunction with our financial statements and accompanying notes included elsewhere in this report. The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our risk factors, financial statements and related notes that appear elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect our plans, estimates and beliefs. Our actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Risk factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 52 Table of Contents INTRODUCTION Management s Discussion and Analysis MD A of our financial condition and results of operations is provided as a supplement to the accompanying financial statements and related notes to help provide an understanding of our financial condition, the changes in our financial condition and the results of operations. Basis of Presentation Overview Please refer to Description of the Business of LFTD Partners Inc. under ITEM 1. BUSINESS for information. Liquidity and Capital Resources The following table summarizes our Company s current assets, current liabilities and working capital as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, as well as our Company s cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Current Assets 13,853,949 13,152,696 Current Liabilities 6,210,133 11,906,270 Working Capital 7,643,816 1,246,426 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net Cash Provided By/(Used In) Operating Activities 3,037,426 5,622,612 (338,036 Net Cash Used In Investing Activities (916,119 (446,655 (3,509,811 Net Cash Used In Financing Activities (193,416 (4,012,306 (98,002 Comparison of the balance sheet at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 3,530,623; in comparison, at December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalents of 1,602,731. At December 31, 2022, we did not report a dividend receivable from Bendistillery; in comparison, at December 31, 2021, we did report a dividend receivable from Bendistillery in the amount of 2,495. At December 31, 2022, we reported prepaid expenses of 1,668,961 primarily consisting of prepaid inventory of 1,527,920, prepaid commercial and general liability insurance of 44,708, and prepaid health and dental insurance of 38,055. In comparison, at December 31, 2021, we had prepaid expenses of 4,262,237 primarily consisting of prepaid inventory of 4,231,167 and prepaid health and dental insurance of 26,847. The current portion of the settlement asset, related to the Company s settlement with its vape manufacturer in the fourth quarter of 2022, totaled 185,024. Accounts receivable of 2,410,327, net of 281,762 allowance for doubtful accounts, and net of a credit note reserve of 935,881 (primarily related to the sales allowance of 939,496), were outstanding at December 31, 2022; this is compared to accounts receivable of 3,461,499, net of 239,101 allowance for doubtful accounts, that were outstanding at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, we had inventory of 6,023,967; in comparison, at December 31, 2021, we had inventory of 3,809,944. Total current assets at December 31, 2022 of 13,853,949 were adequate for us to fund current operations. In comparison, at December 31, 2021, we had total current assets of 13,152,696. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our other assets primarily included goodwill of 22,292,767 related to the acquisition of Lifted on February 24, 2020. Also, at both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our other assets included our investments in Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, which total 1,896,200. At December 31, 2022, we also reported a net finance lease right-of-use asset of 1,274,400, a net operating lease right-of-use asset of 496,604, net fixed assets of 1,020,255, the non-current portion of the settlement asset at 185,024, and security and state licensing deposits of 25,600. In comparison, at December 31, 2021, we also reported a net finance lease right-of-use asset of 1,227,532, a net operating lease right-of-use asset of 76,412, net fixed assets of 433,213, net intangible assets of 1,386 and security and state licensing deposits of 6,900. At December 31, 2021, Lifted wrote off its investment in SmplyLifted LLC, which was previously valued at 84,451. 53 Table of Contents At December 31, 2022, current liabilities of 6,210,133 primarily consisted of accounts payable and accrued expenses of 4,049,897, finance lease liability of 1,357,524, and deferred revenue of 594,086. In prior years, the Company s payables have been greater than its cash on hand. Prior to the Company s acquisition of Lifted, the Company had inconsistent income-generating ability and was therefore reliant on raising money from loans or stock sales. In comparison, at December 31, 2021, current liabilities of 11,906,270 primarily consisted of accounts payable and accrued expenses of 4,671,382, accounts payable to an affiliate of NWarrender of 4,607, deferred revenue of 2,174,393, a company-wide management bonus pool accrual of 1,556,055, income tax payable of 1,242,974, management bonuses payable of 941,562, interest payable to related parties of 13,269, and total preferred stock dividends payable of 13,722. The Company had an accumulated deficit of 4,238,735 and 11,414,602 as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Comparison of operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 to the year ended December 31, 2021, and the 2020 Stub Year During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized net sales of 57,416,535. In comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized net sales of 31,656,932. During the 2020 Stub Year, the Company recognized net sales of 5,344,320. During the year ended December 31, 2022, hemp-derived products made up approximately 97 of sales, and psychoactive, non-hemp-derived products made up approximately 3 of sales. During the year ended December 31, 2021, hemp-derived products made up 99 of sales, and nicotine products made up 1 of sales. During the 2020 Stub Year, hemp-derived, nicotine and sanitizer products made up approximately 60 , 20 and 20 of Lifted s sales, respectively. No stock compensation expense was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. In comparison, stock compensation expense of 1,393,648 was recognized during the 2020 Stub Year. Of this, 733,499 related to the value of warrants issued to GJacobs upon the execution of his employment agreement on February 24, 2020, pursuant to the Compensation Agreement. The difference, 660,149, related to the value of warrants issued to WJacobs upon the execution of his employment agreement on February 24, 2020, pursuant to the Compensation Agreement. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expensed 6,423,584 related to payroll, consulting and independent contractor expenses. In August 2022, with the assistance of a third party firm, Lifted applied for Employee Retention Tax Credits ERC for certain quarters of 2020 and 2021. In the fourth quarter of 2022, gross credits of 233,534 were recovered, and Lifted paid the third party firm a commission of 58,384. The 233,534 ERC is accounted for as a reduction in payroll expenses in the fourth quarter of 2022, and the commission of 58,384 was categorized as Professional Fees. As of December 31, 2022, the Company also accrued 49,042 for federal income taxes estimated to be payable after filing amended 2020 and 2021 federal income tax returns, as is required for receiving the ERC. In comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company expensed 3,621,624 related to payroll, consulting and independent contractor expenses; this is up from 809,966 in payroll, consulting and independent contractor expenses during the 2020 Stub Year. Lifted has been dramatically increasing the size of its workforce, including production, fulfillment and sales people, and in conjunction with these increases, Lifted s payroll, consulting and independent contractor expenses have increased significantly. In addition, Lifted s Chief Strategy Officer, who was hired on July 1, 2021, has developed and implemented certain important strategies which have assisted Lifted s efforts to increase its production, fulfillment and sales capabilities. The Chief Strategy Officer s two-year agreement with Lifted entitles such employee to be paid an annual salary of 180,000 plus a bonus equal to 5 of total net sales for Lifted in excess of 6,000,000 per quarter. At December 31, 2022, the bonus payable to this Lifted employee totaled 265,694. This bonus payable is consolidated into the Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses line item in the Consolidated Balance Sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expensed and paid bonuses totaling 233,336 to certain members of the management team of Lifted; however, none of this 233,336 went to GJacobs, WJacobs or NWarrender, and it is accounted for as Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. This 223,336 will be deducted from the anticipated 2023 company-wide bonus pool on a dollar-for-dollar basis. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company expensed 1,559,334 related to the company-wide management bonus pool; this was paid in the first quarter of 2022. There was no company-wide management bonus pool accrued for during the 2020 Stub Year. During the year ended December, 31, 2022, 500,000 in management bonuses were expensed. The Amended Compensation Agreement provides that an aggregate of 350,000 shall be paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs on December 1, 2021, but has not yet been paid (the December 1, 2021 Compensation ). Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, the December 1, 2021 Compensation was terminated, but provided that GJacobs and WJacobs have not resigned as officers of the Company on or before December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 500,000 in bonuses shall be paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs. On February 14, 2022, pursuant to the Amended Omnibus Agreement, this 500,000 was recharacterized as a retention bonus and allocated among NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs wherein each received 166,666, respectively, on December 30, 2022. In comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021, 650,000 in management bonuses were expensed, and during the 2020 Stub Year, 350,000 in management bonuses were expensed. During the year ended December, 31, 2022, professional fees of 888,609 were expensed. In comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021, 499,752 in professional fees were expensed, and during the 2020 Stub Year, 374,489 in professional fees were expensed. 54 Table of Contents Driven by increased sales, bank charges and merchant fees increased to 477,718 during the year ended December 31, 2022, from 392,757 during the year ended December 31, 2021, from 48,814 during the 2020 Stub Year. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company incurred 662,494 and 337,044, respectively, in advertising and marketing expenses, which primarily related to trade shows, marketing displays, public relations and digital marketing. In comparison, during the 2020 Stub Year, the Company incurred 115,102 in advertising and marketing expenses, which primarily related to public relations and digital marketing. Bad debt expense of 78,457 was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 380,621 during the year ended December 31, 2021, and 124,802 during the 2020 Stub Year. Depreciation and amortization expense of 32,155 was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 90,147 during the year ended December 31, 2021, and 16,385 during the 2020 Stub Year. Other operating expenses increased to 1,884,209 during the year ended December 31, 2022, from 629,012 during the year ended December 31, 2021, from 222,052 during the 2020 Stub Year. Other operating expenses include, for example, insurance expenses, rent expenses, repairs and maintenance, state license and filing fees, excise taxes, health and dental expenses, and warehouse and lab expenses below the Company s capitalization threshold 2,500), and other expenses. Total Other Income of 181,255 in 2022 consisted primarily of settlement income of 478,617, offset by interest expense of 120,197 and loss on the disposal of fixed assets of 185,195. Total Other Expenses in 2021 of 613,539 primarily consisted of 388,726 in impairment of Lifted s investment in SmplyLifted, 195,571 in loss from Lifted s 50 membership interest in SmplyLifted, and interest expense of 142,427. In comparison, total Other Expenses during the 2020 Stub Year of 16,221 primarily consisted of gain on forgiveness of debt of 91,272, interest expense of 65,186, settlement costs of 97,000, refund of merchant account fees of 34,429, settlement income of 12,500, and interest income of 8,098. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized net income of 7,196,327; this is compared to net income of 5,799,982 recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021, and net loss recognized during the 2020 Stub Year of 1,534,589. Net cash provided by operating activities was 3,037,426 for the year ended December 31, 2022. Net cash provided by operating activities in 2022 was generated from net income of 7,196,327, which includes non-cash charges for inventory write-downs of 4,418,922 and sales allowances of 939,496, offset by cash used for working capital, primarily inventory, payment of the company-wide Bonus Pool for 2021 (the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount ), the Deferred Compensation, and income taxes. Net cash provided by operating activities was 5,622,612 for the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to net cash used in operating activities was 338,036 for the 2020 Stub Year. During the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash provided by operating activities was primarily generated from net income of 5,799,982. Net cash used in operating activities in 2021 was primarily for prepaid expenses and for the purchase of inventory. Offsetting the used cash were increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses and deferred revenue. Net cash used in operating activities during the 2020 Stub Year of 338,036 was also primarily for the purchase of inventory and prepaid expenses. Offsetting the used cash were increases in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 255,908 and deferred revenue of 1,031,424. Net cash used in investing activities was 916,119 and 446,655, during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Net cash used in investing activities was 3,509,811 during the 2020 Stub Year. Net cash used in investing activities in 2022 related to net purchases of fixed assets. Net cash used in investing activities in 2021 primarily related to the net purchase of fixed assets and loans to SmplyLifted, offset by the reduction of the CBD Lion note receivable. Net cash used in investing activities during the 2020 Stub Year primarily related to the net cash paid to NWarrender as part of the acquisition of Lifted, purchases of fixed assets, and a reduction of the CBD Lion note receivable as we received payments from CBD Lion. We also invested 200,000 into SmplyLifted LLC; this investment amount was reduced by SmplyLifted s net loss in 2020. We also made loans totaling 293,750 to SmplyLifted LLC for the purchase of inventory. During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in financing activities was 193,416. On December 30, 2021, the Company repaid all principal and interest due under the 3.75M Note. NWarrender kept 1,000,000 of the repayment of the 3.75M Note, plus accrued interest, and on January 3, 2022, reloaned 2,750,000 to LIFD and Lifted (collectively Payors at the rate of 2.5 (the 2.75M Note ). The 2.75M Note payable jointly by the Company and Lifted to NWarrender was secured by a perfected first lien security interest (the Security Interest that encumbers all of the assets of the Company and Lifted. The Company was obligated to pay off the principal of the 2.75M Note in five semi-annual payments to NWarrender of 458,333 and a sixth and final semi-annual payment to NWarrender of 458,335, in each case plus accrued interest, starting on June 30, 2022. 55 Table of Contents On June 7, 2022, LFTD Partners prepaid 916,666 of the principal of the 2.75M Note, and 29,384 of related accrued interest through that date, which left 1,833,334 remaining principal on the 2.75M Note. On July 5, 2022, we entered into an agreement Acceleration Agreement with NWarrender. Under the terms of the Acceleration Agreement, we were obligated to repay the remaining principal balance as follows: 1,374,999 on or before December 31, 2022, and 458,335 on or before December 31, 2024. Then, on July 8, 2022, we prepaid 916,666, along with accrued interest, and then, on July 25, 2022, we prepaid the remaining principal balance of 916,668 and accrued interest in full, and all collateral securing the 2.75M Note was released. Also impacting the net cash used in financing activities during the year ended December 31, 2022 was the repurchase of 150,000 of Company common stock, repayment of the finance lease liability of 70,267, and payments of dividends to the Company s Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred stockholders totaling 23,149, offset by proceeds of 50,000 from the exercise of warrants and options. In comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in financing activities was 4,012,306, primarily driven by the repayment of the 3,750,000 promissory note payable to NWarrender and payments of dividends to the Company s Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred stockholders totaling 211,033, offset by proceeds of 142,023 from the exercise of warrants and options. Net cash used in financing activities was 98,002 during the 2020 Stub Year, primarily driven by payments of dividends to the Company s Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred stockholders totaling 213,450, offset by proceeds of 149,623 from a Paycheck Protection Program Loan. During the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash increased by 1,927,892. In comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash increased by 1,163,651, and during the 2020 Stub Year, net cash decreased by 3,945,849. On February 24, 2020, the Company acquired 100 of the ownership interests of Lifted. All of the Company s sales are generated by the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary Lifted; LFTD Partners as an entity by itself generates no sales. We also do not recognize any revenue or earnings from our investments in Bendistillery, Ablis or Bend Spirits. The Company has a history of losses as evidenced by the accumulated deficit at December 31, 2022 of 4,238,735. We plan to sustain the Company as a going concern by taking the following actions: (1) continuing to operate Lifted; (2) acquiring and/or developing profitable businesses that will create positive income from operations; and/or (3) completing private placements of our common stock and/or preferred stock. We believe that by taking these actions, we will be provided with sufficient future operations and cash flow to continue as a going concern. However, there can be no assurance that we will be successful in consummating such actions on acceptable terms, if at all. Moreover, many of such actions can be expected to result in substantial dilution to the existing shareholders of the Company. Critical Accounting Policies Critical accounting policies are discussed in NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES of the consolidated financial statements accompanying this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Other Matters We may be subject to other legal proceedings, claims, and litigation arising in the ordinary course of business in addition to the matters discussed above in NOTE 12 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS . We intend to vigorously pursue and defend such litigation. Although the outcome of these other matters is currently not determinable, our management does not expect that the ultimate costs to resolve these matters will have a material adverse effect on our Company s financial position, results of operations, or cash flows. 56 Table of Contents Impact of COVID-19 on Our Business The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted, and may continue to result, in significant economic disruption despite progress made in recent months in the development and distribution of vaccines. It has already disrupted Lifted s operations, global travel and supply chains, and adversely impacted global commercial activity. Considerable uncertainty still surrounds COVID-19, the evolution and future impact of its variants, its potential long-term economic effects, as well as the effectiveness of any responses taken by government authorities and businesses and of various efforts to inoculate the global population. The travel restrictions, limits on hours of operations and/or closures of non-essential businesses, and other efforts to curb the spread of COVID-19 and its variants have significantly disrupted business activity globally and there is uncertainty as to if and when these disruptions will fully subside. Significant uncertainty continues to exist concerning the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic on Lifted s, our customers and target companies business and operations in future periods. Although our total revenues for the year ended December 31, 2022 were not materially impacted by COVID-19, we believe that our revenues may be negatively impacted in future periods until the effects of the pandemic have fully subsided and the current macroeconomic environment has substantially recovered. The uncertainty related to COVID-19 may also result in increased volatility in the financial projections we use as the basis for estimates and assumptions used in our financial statements. We have made some efforts to try to adapt our operations to meet the challenges of this uncertain and rapidly evolving situation, including expanding operations in areas where we perceive government restrictions on business operations are relatively less burdensome, and focusing some of our new product development in areas where we perceive government restrictions and prohibitions on hemp-derived cannabinoid products are relatively less likely. The COVID-19 pandemic and its ramifications, including Illinois Governor Pritzker s Executive Order in response to the pandemic, materially damaged Lifted s business, among other things by disrupting Lifted s access to its employees, suppliers, packaging, distributors and customers. That is why Lifted applied for and received funding under the federal Economic Injury Disaster Loan program and the federal Paycheck Protection Program. Effects of the COVID-19 pandemic that may negatively impact our business in future periods include, but are not limited to: disruptions of Lifted s workforce; limitations on the ability of our customers to conduct their business, purchase our products, and make timely payments curtailed consumer spending deferred purchasing decisions supply chain problems and delays, and changes in demand from retail customers. We will continue to actively monitor the nature and extent of the impact to our business, operating results, and financial condition. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK As a smaller reporting company, we are not required to provide the information required by this Item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The full text of our audited, consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 begins on page F-1 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES (a) Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Our Chief Financial Officer, WJacobs, evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports, such as this report, that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on that evaluation, WJacobs concluded that because of the material weakness in internal control over financial reporting described below, our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022. 57 Table of Contents (b) Management s annual report on internal control over financial reporting Management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal Control Over Financial Reporting is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a -15(f) and 15d - 5(f) as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, an issuer s principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar functions, and effected by an issuer s board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. It includes those policies and procedures that: (1) Pertain to the maintenance of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and disposition of an issuer; (2) Provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the issuer are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the issuer; and (3) Provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the issuer s assets that could have a material adverse effect on the financial statements. During December 2022, management conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on the framework set forth in the report entitled Internal Control - Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 was not effective. Management identified the following material weaknesses as of December 31, 2022: (1) There existed a lack of segregation of duties in regard to the Company s financial reporting, procedures for depositing of funds, procedures for cash disbursements, procedures for checkbook entries, period close procedures, and procedures for financial statement preparation. Management has determined that the Company should seek to enhance its internal controls over financial reporting by maintaining the following steps first commenced in 2010: (1) During November 2010, the Company increased its Board of Directors to six members by adding another independent member, Vincent J. Mesolella. Mr. Mesolella is the Chairman of the Narragansett Bay Commission, Providence, Rhode Island. Mr. Mesolella is also the Founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of MVJ Realty, LLC, a real estate development company. Mr. Mesolella has previously served as the Chairman of the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors of a publicly traded company. Beginning in March 2010, the Company began emailing or mailing to Vincent J. Mesolella a copy of each monthly statement from its bank summarizing all activity in the Company s checking account, for review and questioning as appropriate. The purpose of Mr. Mesolella s involvement is to provide monitoring, oversight and assistance to GJacobs, Chief Executive Officer, in the preparation and reporting of the Company s financial statements. In December 2021, the Company engaged a third party consulting firm that specializes in the implementation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, to assist management with the implementation of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. The Company is actively engaged in a comprehensive effort to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, but additional work is required, and no guarantee or assurance can be given as to when such work will be completed. Because of its inherent limitations, internal controls over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies and procedures may deteriorate. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by our registered public accounting firm pursuant to temporary rules of the SEC that permit the Company to provide only management s report in this annual report. Management is unaware of any material inaccuracies or errors in the Company s consolidated financial statements as of December 31, 2022. (c) Changes in internal control over financial reporting Our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that there were no significant changes in our internal controls over financial reporting that occurred during our last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION Not applicable. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 58 Table of Contents PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE The Board of Directors and Committees of the Board The following table sets forth certain information regarding our current Directors and Executive Officers as of March 15, 2023: Name Age Position Gerard M. Jacobs, JD 67 Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary Nicholas S. Warrender 33 Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Operating Officer Vincent J. Mesolella 73 Lead Outside Director Joshua A. Bloom, MD 67 Director James S. Jacobs, MD 69 Director William C. Jake Jacobs, CPA 34 President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Richard E. Morrissy 68 Director Kevin J. Rocio 59 Director Robert T. Warrender II 70 Director Our Directors serve in such capacity until the next annual meeting of our shareholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Gerard M. Jacobs, J.D., age 67, is Chairman of our Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer and Secretary of the Company. Mr. Jacobs has been a private investor since 2006. In 2001, Mr. Jacobs took control of CGI Holding Corporation, and served as its Chief Executive Officer and member of its board of directors until 2006. Under Mr. Jacobs guidance, CGI Holding Corporation changed its name to Think Partnership Inc., made 15 acquisitions primarily of businesses involved in online marketing and advertising, and succeeded in having its common stock listed on the American Stock Exchange. Previously, in 1995, Mr. Jacobs took control of General Parametrics Corporation, a NASDAQ company, and served as its Chief Executive Officer and member of its board of directors until 1999. Under Mr. Jacobs guidance, General Parametrics changed its name to Metal Management Inc., made 37 acquisitions primarily of businesses involved in scrap metal recycling, and succeeded in building one of the largest scrap metal recycling companies in the world. Mr. Jacobs has also served as the lead outside director for America s Car-Mart, Inc. (NASDAQ: CRMT) and Patient Home Monitoring Corp. (Toronto: PHM). We believe that Mr. Jacobs experience serving as the Chief Executive Officer of three publicly traded companies and as a director of two other publicly traded companies, his work as an investment banker and as an attorney, and his intelligence and educational background, qualifies him to serve as a director of the Corporation. Mr. Jacobs received a law degree from the University of Chicago Law School, which he attended as a Weymouth Kirkland Law Scholar, in 1978; and an A.B from Harvard College, in 1976, where he was elected to Phi Beta Kappa. Mr. Jacobs brother, James S. Jacobs, M.D., is also a member of our board of directors and William C. Jacobs, our President and Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer, is Gerard M. Jacobs son. Nicholas S. Warrender, age 33, is Vice Chairman of our Board of Directors and Chief Operating Officer of the Company. Nicholas S. Warrender founded Lifted Made in 2015 and has served as CEO since. Nicholas S. Warrender is an expert in brand design and development and has a degree in Communications with a focus on Business and Cinematography from Carthage College. Previously, Nicholas S. Warrender was a recruited high school basketball player and successful rapper, performing music shows at prestigious clubs, such as the Viper Room. Nicholas S. Warrender s father, Robert T. Warrender II, is also a member of our board of directors and an employee of Lifted. Vincent J. Mesolella, age 73, has been a member of our board of directors since October 2010. He has served for many years as the Chairman of the Narragansett Bay Commission, Providence, Rhode Island, one of the largest wastewater treatment utilities in the U.S. Mr. Mesolella also served for over twenty years as a member of the Rhode Island House of Representatives, including serving as the Majority Whip. Mr. Mesolella is the founder, President and Chief Executive Officer of MVJ Realty, LLC, a diversified real estate investment firm. Mr. Mesolella has served on the board of directors of Think Partnership Inc., an American Stock Exchange company. Mr. Mesolella has raised a great deal of money for charities including the Make-A-Wish Foundation. Mr. Mesolella resides in Rhode Island. We believe that Vincent J. Mesolella s experience serving as a director of two publicly traded companies including service as Chairman of the Audit Committee of both, his work as a developer and business owner, his experience as an elected public official, his Chairmanship of a major wastewater treatment organization that has been nationally recognized for its excellence, his intelligence and educational background, and his familiarity with the real estate industry which has in the past and is currently providing candidates for potential acquisitions by the Corporation, qualifies him to serve as a director of the Corporation. 59 Table of Contents Joshua A. Bloom, M.D., age 67, has been a member of our board of directors since July 2007. He has been a practicing physician in Kenosha, Wisconsin since completion of his training in 1988. He is board Certified in Internal Medicine, Pulmonary Diseases, Critical Care Medicine and in Hospice and Palliative Care. He has been employed by Froedtert South (formerly known as United Hospital System) in the Clinical Practice Division from 1995 to present. He had been in private practice at the same address from 1988 to 1995. Dr. Bloom served on the board of directors of Kenosha Health Services Corporation from 1993 to approximately 2010 and the board of Hospice Alliance, Inc. since 1994 and Medical Director there since 1998. He also served on the board of the Beth Israel Sinai Congregation 1998 to 2014, where he served as the President from 2004 until 2010. We believe that Dr. Bloom s experience serving as a director of the Corporation since 2007, his intelligence and educational background, and his familiarity with the medical field which has in the past and is currently providing candidates for potential acquisitions by the Corporation, qualifies him to serve as a director of the Corporation. Dr. Bloom received a medical degree from the University of Illinois in 1982 and completed his residency in internal medicine in 1985 and fellowship in Respiratory Critical Care Medicine in 1988; both at the University of Illinois. He received an MS in Organic Chemistry from the University of Chicago in 1978 and a BS in Chemistry from Yale College in 1977. James S. Jacobs, M.D., age 69, has been a member of our board of directors since July 2007. He is a Physician in the Department of Radiation Oncology, at St. Joseph Hospital in Denver, Colorado. He was previously the Resident Physician in Radiation Oncology at Rush Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois. We believe that Dr. Jacobs experience serving as a director of the Corporation since 2007, his intelligence and educational background, and his familiarity with the medical field which has in the past and is currently providing candidates for potential acquisitions by the Corporation, qualifies him to serve as a director of the Corporation. Dr. Jacobs did a residency in Radiation Oncology at Rush Medical Center in Chicago, Illinois and an internal medicine internship and residency at the University of Colorado Medical Center in Denver, Colorado. Dr. Jacobs received a BA in Neuroscience from Amherst College in Amherst, Massachusetts in 1976. William C. Jake Jacobs, CPA, age 34, is President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. Effective as of February 27, 2019, the Board appointed Mr. Jacobs, the son of our Company s Chief Executive Officer Gerard M. Jacobs, to serve as the President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company. Prior to becoming President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of the Company, Mr. Jacobs served as an independent contractor for the Company for the past several years. Previously, Mr. Jacobs worked in the Assurance Division of Ernst Young (doing business as EY), auditing both publicly traded and privately held companies. Mr. Jacobs graduated from the University of Southern California, with a double major in Accounting and Business Administration with a concentration in Finance. In 2015, Mr. Jacobs won a Gold Medal at the United States of America Snowboard and Freeski Association (USASA) National Championships in the Boardercross Snowboard Senior (23-29) Men s division. Richard E. Morrissy, age 68, has been a member of our board of directors since July 2007. Since August 2016, Mr. Morrissy has been working at the UIC Department of Medicine s Section of Infectious Disease in a research clinic called Project WISH as Clinical Coordinator in Regulatory Affairs. Previously, Mr. Morrissy was the Senior Research Specialist at the Department of Surgery CS within the UIC College of Medicine. Mr. Morrissy was a project coordinator for the School of Pharmacy. His duties included serving as project coordinator on four clinical trial research projects funded by the National Institutes of Health s National Cancer Institute. The School of Pharmacy projects have involved multiple research projects utilizing Lycopene in restoring DNA damage in men s prostates. The project at UIC s internationally acclaimed Occupational Therapy School involved the setup and running of focus groups with impaired individuals to create a movement and activity computer survey for the World Health Organization. During his tenure, Mr. Morrissy managed clinical research trials including the submission of institutional review board documents and grant proposals, recruitment of subjects and data management and storage. He also designed and led focus groups, designed and critiqued research surveys, and edited manuscripts and scientific journals. We believe that Mr. Morrissy s experience serving as a director of the Corporation since 2007, his intelligence and educational background, and his familiarity with the medical research field which has in the past and is currently providing candidates for potential acquisitions by the Corporation, qualifies him to serve as a director of the Corporation. He received a B.A. in History from Western Illinois University in 1976. Kevin J. Rocio, age 59, has been a member of our board of directors since February 2020. Mr. Rocio is a seasoned award-winning real estate professional, including commercial, residential, finance and development. Mr. Rocio is a graduate of Elmhurst College and an immediate past board member of the Albany Park Community Center. In 2014, Mr. Rocio was accepted into the CCIM (Certified Commercial Investment Member) Institute, a recognized group of experts in the commercial and investment real estate industry. Most recent accolades received by Mr. Rocio include: the Chicago Defenders Men of Excellence Award , the Chicago Association of REALTORS Commercial Award, and the National Association of Realtors National Commercial Award. We believe that Mr. Rocio s experience as a business owner qualifies him to serve as a director of the Corporation. Robert T. Warrender II , age 70, has been a member of our board of directors since September 2020. Since January 2022, Mr. Warrender has also been an employee of Lifted. Mr. Warrender is the owner and founder of American Process Equipment, Inc. in Zion, IL. In 1993, Mr. Warrender founded American Process Equipment, Inc., which specializes in specialty pumps and related systems. Mr. Warrender has authored industry publications and technical papers for the pump industry and has served as a consultant to companies in related industries. Mr. Warrender attended the University of Wisconsin-Parkside. Mr. Warrender coached junior high school basketball for 20 years. Mr. Warrender is the father of Nicholas S. Warrender who currently serves as the Company s Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Operating Officer, and as the CEO of Lifted. We believe that Mr. Warrender s experience as a business owner qualifies him to serve as a director of the Corporation. There are no agreements or understandings for our officers or directors to resign at the request of another person, and neither our officers nor directors are acting on behalf of nor will any of them act at the direction of any other person. Directors are elected until their successors are duly elected and qualified. 60 Table of Contents Family Relationships President and CFO William C. Jake Jacobs is the son of Chairman and CEO Gerard M. Jacobs. Gerard M. Jacobs and director James S. Jacobs are brothers. Director Robert T. Warrender II is the father of Nicholas S. Warrender, Vice Chairman of the Board and Chief Operating Officer, and the CEO of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary Lifted Made. Robert T. Warrender II is also an employee of Lifted. Robert T. Warrender III, the brother of Nicholas S. Warrender, and the son of director Robert T. Warrender II, was hired as an independent contractor of Lifted in 2021. On January 9, 2023, Robert T. Warrender III was hired an employee of Lifted. There are no other family relationships among any of our officers or directors. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings To the best of our knowledge, none of our directors or executive officers have been convicted in a criminal proceeding, excluding traffic violations or similar misdemeanors, or have been a party to any judicial or administrative proceeding during the past ten years that resulted in a judgment, decree or final order enjoining the person from future violations of, or prohibiting activities subject to, federal or state securities laws, or a finding of any violation of federal or state securities laws, except for matters that were dismissed without sanction or settlement. Except as set forth in our discussion below in Item 13, Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence, none of our directors or executive officers have been involved in any transactions with us or any of our directors, executive officers, affiliates or associates which are required to be disclosed pursuant to the rules and regulations of the SEC. Board Composition and Committees Our board of directors is currently composed of eight members: Messrs. Gerard M. Jacobs, J.D. (Chairman), Nicholas S. Warrender (Vice Chairman), Vincent J. Mesolella (Lead Outside Director), Joshua A. Bloom, M.D., James S. Jacobs, M.D., Richard E. Morrissy, Kevin J. Rocio and Robert T. Warrender II. Our board of directors has determined that Joshua A. Bloom, M.D., Richard E. Morrissy, Vincent J. Mesolella and Kevin J. Rocio are independent directors at this time because they do not currently own a significant percentage our shares, are not currently employed by the Company, have not been actively involved in the management of the Company and do not fall into any of the enumerated categories of people who cannot be considered independent directors. Audit Committee and Audit Committee Financial Expert We have an audit committee consisting of Joshua A. Bloom, M.D., Vincent J. Mesolella, Richard E. Morrissy and Kevin J. Rocio as members. We have not adopted an Audit Committee charter. Vincent J. Mesolella serves as our audit committee chairman and financial expert. Our audit committee performs the following functions including: (1) selection and oversight of our independent accountant; (2) establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints regarding accounting, internal controls and auditing matters; and (3) engaging outside advisors. Our Board of Directors has determined that each of its members is able to read and understand fundamental financial statements and has substantial business experience that results in that member s financial sophistication. Accordingly, the Board of Directors believes that each of its members has the sufficient knowledge and experience necessary to fulfill the duties and obligations that an audit committee member should have for a business such as the Company. Board Meetings Due to the current size and scope of our operations and size and geographic diversity of our Board of Directors, much of the Board s decision making is made through telephone calls and intermittent informal meetings; when formalization is necessary, the Board conducts formal meetings or acts by written consent. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we held only telephonic Board Meetings and there were no in-person Board Meetings attended by all directors. Nominating Committee We have a nominating committee consisting of the following members: Joshua A. Bloom, M.D., Vincent J. Mesolella, Richard E. Morrissy and Kevin J. Rocio. Richard E. Morrissy is the nominating committee Chairman. Investment Committee Our board of directors has appointed an Investment Committee currently consisting of our Chief Executive Officer Gerard M. Jacobs, J.D., our President and Chief Financial Officer William C. Jacobs, CPA, and our Chief Operating Officer Nicholas S. Warrender. 61 Table of Contents Compensation Committee We have a compensation committee consisting of Joshua A. Bloom, M.D., Vincent J. Mesolella, Richard E. Morrissy, and Kevin J. Rocio as members. Joshua A. Bloom, M.D. serves as the committee s chairman. Code of Ethics We currently have not adopted a code of ethics due to our limited size and operations. We have considered adopting a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics Code in the past. We expect to adopt a Code or something similar in the future. The purpose of a Code is to assist the Company and its employees, officers and directors with the Company s goals of conducting its business and affairs in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations and to promote honest and ethical conduct, including the ethical handling of actual or apparent conflicts of interest between personal and professional relationships. The Company expects that any consultants or other service providers it retains will adhere to a Code. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our executive officers and directors and persons who own more than 10 of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the SEC initial statements of beneficial ownership, reports of changes in ownership and annual reports concerning their ownership of our common stock and other equity securities, on Forms 3, 4 and 5 respectively. Executive officers, directors and greater than 10 shareholders are required by the SEC regulations to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) reports they file. Such persons are further required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms (including Forms 3, 4 and 5) that they file. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION Compensation of Executives Historically, the Company s CEO GJacobs ran the Company s operations on a part-time basis and was compensated with equity. GJacobs had not historically received cash compensation, and, historically, the Company s President and CFO WJacobs had worked for 5,000 per month. Effective as of June 19, 2019 through the closing of the Company s acquisition of Lifted on February 24, 2020, the Company paid GJacobs and WJacobs consulting fees of 7,500 and 5,000 per month, respectively, in addition to reimbursing GJacobs and WJacobs for business-related expenses. Beginning February 24, 2020, upon the closing of the acquisition of Lifted, GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender have been compensated pursuant to the terms of their Executive Employment Agreements with the Company. Starting January 1, 2022, NWarrender, WJacobs, and GJacobs were each entitled to 250,000 in base salary and an annual bonus stemming from the Company s cash management bonus pool. Previously, during the year ended December 31, 2021, each of them was entitled to 100,000 in base salary and an annual bonus stemming from the Company s company-wide management bonus pool. See Impact of the Merger on GJacobs and WJacobs Compensation Agreement above . In addition, GJacobs and WJacobs are entitled to compensation pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement and their compensation agreement with the Company. See Omnibus Agreement and Amended Omnibus Agreement below. As of January 1, 2023, NWarrender s base salary was increased to 500,000 per year. The Company provides to each executive an employee benefits package including fully paid Blue Cross/Blue Shield or equivalent family health, vision and dental insurance, without deductibles. The Company also provides to each executive prompt reimbursement for all documented business-related expenses paid or incurred by such executive in connection with the Company, including but not limited to airfare, rail, taxi, rental cars, parking, tolls, gasoline for business trips, meals, entertainment, hotel, office supplies, mobile phone, internet, hotspot, and postage expenses. To date, we have not provided retirement benefits or severance or change of control benefits to GJacobs, WJacobs, or NWarrender. Historically, funding for the Company was sourced from management affiliates and their contacts, who collectively loaned several hundred thousands of dollars in the past many years. The Company believes that, given the extensive experience of GJacobs, and the rest of the board of directors, and the current opportunity cost factor for each of them, that the amount of historical compensation provided in the form of options and rights to purchase warrants to purchase shares of common stock is fair and reasonable for the Company. 62 Table of Contents Omnibus Agreement and Amended Omnibus Agreement On December 30, 2021, the Company, NWarrender, 95th Holdings, LLC, an affiliate of NWarrender Holdings ), GJacobs and WJacobs, entered into an agreement effective as of December 30, 2021 Omnibus Agreement that, as further described in the sections below, (i) amends certain parts of the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among the Company, Lifted, GJacobs, WJacobs, Warrender Enterprise Inc. and NWarrender dated February 24, 2020 (the Merger Agreement (ii) amends that certain Compensation Agreement between the Company, GJacobs and WJacobs dated as of June 19, 2019 (the Compensation Agreement ), and that certain Amendment No. 1 to Compensation Agreement between the Company, GJacobs and WJacobs dated as of December 1, 2020 (the Amendment No. 1 (together the Amended Compensation Agreement (iii) amends those certain Executive Employment Agreements dated February 24, 2020 between the Company and GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender, respectively (collectively the Executive Employment Agreements (iv) creates quarterly board compensation; and, (v) requires Lifted to purchase a building leased by Lifted from Holdings on or before December 31, 2022, for a fixed purchase price equal to 1,375,000. On February 14, 2022, the Company, NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs entered into an agreement effective as of February 14, 2022 Amended Omnibus Agreement that, as further described in the sections below, amended certain provisions of the Omnibus Agreement. Payment of Deferred Compensation pursuant to the Amended Compensation Agreement The Compensation Agreement contemplated an aggregate of 350,000 being paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs upon the closing of the Company s acquisition of Lifted and an aggregate of 350,000 being paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs upon December 1, 2020, but such payments were not timely made, and pursuant to the Amendment No. 1 such aggregate of 700,000 of compensation was deferred and made due and payable by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs together with interest accrued at the rate of 2 annually commencing January 1, 2021, upon demand by GJacobs and WJacobs, and through the date of the Omnibus Agreement only 58,439 of such deferred compensation had been paid to GJacobs (the remaining unpaid deferred compensation together with accrued interest is hereby referred to as the Deferred Compensation ). Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, the Deferred Compensation shall be paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs on or before January 6, 2022. Payment of 300,000 Bonus to WJacobs Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement and simultaneously with such payment of the Deferred Compensation as set out above, the Company shall pay WJacobs a bonus of 300,000. Payment of an Aggregate of 500,000 in Bonuses to GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender The Amended Compensation Agreement provides that an aggregate of 350,000 shall be paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs on December 1, 2021, but has not yet been paid (the December 1, 2021 Compensation ). Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, the December 1, 2021 Compensation was terminated, but provided that GJacobs and WJacobs have not resigned as officers of the Company on or before December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 500,000 in bonuses shall be paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs. This aggregate of 500,000 in bonuses to GJacobs and WJacobs is in addition to the 300,000 bonus payable to WJacobs described in the preceding section. On February 14, 2022, pursuant to the Amended Omnibus Agreement, this 500,000 was recharacterized as a retention bonus and allocated among NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs wherein each received 166,666, respectively, on December 30, 2022. Increase of Base Salaries of Executives GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, commencing January 1, 2022, the Base Salary under each of the Executive Employment Agreements to be paid to GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender shall be increased from 100,000 to 250,000 per year. 63 Table of Contents Allocation and Payment of Bonus Pool The company-wide Bonus Pool for 2021 was 1,559,334 (the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount ), which was the aggregate amount that was accrued for in the Company s financial statements covering the period from January 1, 2021 through September 30, 2021, and such Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount was paid by the Company, and allocated and distributed in accordance with unanimous written instructions from GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender, on or before March 15, 2022. Pursuant to the Amended Omnibus Agreement, there is a cap on the 2022 Bonus Pool such that none of GJacobs, WJacobs or NWarrender shall be entitled to receive any portion of the 2022 Bonus Pool that would cause LFTD Partners Inc. s 2022 diluted earnings per share of common stock to fall below 0.56 per share. Potential for Supplemental Retention Bonus Pursuant to the Amended Omnibus Agreement, the Chairman of the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors is authorized to negotiate and agree on behalf of the Company in regard to a 2023 supplemental retention bonus for NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs (in addition to the company-wide Bonus Pool), and if and only if the amount of such 2023 supplemental retention bonus is mutually agreed upon in writing among the Chairman of the Compensation Committee, NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs, then one-third of such 2023 supplemental retention bonus shall be paid by the Company to each of NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs on or before March 15, 2024, provided that such officer shall not have earlier resigned as an officer of the Company. Compensation of Executives Name Year Salary ) Bonuses ) Stock Awards ) Warrant Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Gerard M. Jacobs, JD, CEO (1) 2022 247,115 (A) 761,355 (B) 1,008,470 2021 103,562 (C) 58,439 (D) 162,001 William C. "Jake" Jacobs, CPA, 2022 247,116 (E) 823,074 (F) 1,070,190 President and CFO (2) 2021 103,562 (G) 103,562 Nicholas S. Warrender, COO (3) 2022 247,115 (H) 846,667 (I) 1,093,782 2021 103,562 (J) 103,562 Notes (A) In 2022, GJacobs was paid a gross salary of 247,115. (B) In 2022, GJacobs was paid bonuses totaling 761,355. This consisted of 143,713 of the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool, Deferred Compensation of 450,975 pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, and 166,667 stemming from the Amended Omnibus Agreement. (C) In 2021, GJacobs was paid a salary of 103,562 in cash, which included a payroll payment in the beginning of 2021 related to 2020. (D) On April 29, 2021, the Company paid GJacobs a portion 50,000) of the bonus payable to GJacobs in regard to the closing of the acquisition of Lifted. On August 30, 2021, CEO GJacobs exercised, for an aggregate purchase price of 1, his right to purchase a warrant to purchase an aggregate of 750,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, which warrant he immediately exercised. GJacobs also exercised his right to purchase an aggregate of 31,250 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 0.03 per share under separate warrants. GJacobs also demanded immediate payment of 8,439 of the bonuses which are currently due and payable by the Company to GJacobs, and GJacobs allocated and applied such 8,439 to pay for the aggregate cost of purchasing and exercising the above warrants. (E) In 2022, WJacobs was paid a gross salary of 247,116. (F) In 2022, WJacobs was paid bonuses totaling 823,074. This consisted of 152,341 of the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool, Deferred Compensation of 504,066 pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, and 166,667 stemming from the Amended Omnibus Agreement. (G) In 2021, WJacobs was paid 103,562 in cash, which included a payroll payment in the beginning of 2021 related to 2020. (H) In 2022, NWarrender was paid a gross salary of 247,115. (I) In 2022, NWarrender was paid bonuses totaling 846,667. This consisted of 680,000 of the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool, and 166,667 stemming from the Amended Omnibus Agreement. (J) In 2021, NWarrender was paid 103,562 in cash, which included a payroll payment in the beginning of 2021 related to 2020. 64 Table of Contents Compensation of Directors Name Year Director Fees Salary ) Bonuses ) Stock awards ) Warrant Awards ) Option Awards ) Non-Equity Incentive Plan Compensation ) Non-Qualified Deferred Compensation Earnings ) All Other Compensation ) Total ) Gerard M. Jacobs, JD, Chairman 2022 - 247,115 (A) 761,355 (A) 1,008,470 2021 103,562 (A) 58,439 (A) 162,001 Nicholas S. Warrender, Vice Chairman 2022 - 247,115 (B) 846,667 (B) 1,093,782 2021 103,562 (B) 103,562 Vincent J. Mesolella, Lead Outside Director 2022 16,000 (C) - 40,000 (C) 56,000 2021 - Joshua A. Bloom, MD, Director 2022 16,000 (D) - 20,000 (D) 36,000 2021 - James S. Jacobs, MD, Director 2022 16,000 (E) - - 16,000 2021 - - - Richard E. Morrissy, Director 2022 16,000 (F) - - 16,000 2021 - - - Kevin J. Rocio, Director 2022 16,000 (G) - - 16,000 2021 - Robert T. Warrender II, Director 2022 - 55,385 (H) - 55,385 2021 - Notes: (A) Please refer to the section above Compensation of Executives for information about GJacobs compensation in 2022 and 2021. Note: none of GJacobs compensation is considered compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors of the Company. GJacobs has entered into an employment agreement with the Company. (B) Please refer to the section above Compensation of Executives for information about NWarrender s compensation in 2022 and 2021. None of NWarrender s compensation is considered compensation for serving as a member of the board of directors of the Company. NWarrender has entered into an employment agreement with the Company. (C) During the quarter ended March 31, 2022, Lead Outside Director Vincent J. Mesolella was paid 40,000 of the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount. Also, during each of quarter of 2022, Mr. Mesolella also received his 4,000 quarterly director fee. (D) During the quarter ended March 31, 2022, Dr. Joshua A. Bloom, Director, was paid 20,000 of the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount. During each quarter of 2022, Dr. Bloom received his 4,000 quarterly director fee. (E) During each quarter of 2022, Dr. James S. Jacobs, Director, received his 4,000 quarterly director fee. (F) During each quarter of 2022, Richard E. Morrissy, Director, received his 4,000 quarterly director fee. (G) During each quarter of 2022, Kevin J. Rocio, Director, received his 4,000 quarterly director fee. (H) During the year ended December 31, 2022, Robert T. Warrender II began working as an employee of Lifted; he was paid a gross salary of 55,385 during the year ended December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, commencing on March 31, 2022, each of the non-officer members of the board of directors of the Company began receiving a quarterly fee of 4,000 from the Company. In the future, it is possible that other directors may serve us in another capacity and may receive compensation from us in connection with that service. 65 Table of Contents Aggregate Option Exercise of Last Fiscal year and Fiscal Year-End Option Values The table below sets forth unexercised options, warrants, stock that has not yet vested and equity incentive plan awards for GJacobs, WJacobs, and NWarrender outstanding as of December 31, 2022. Outstanding Equity Awards At Fiscal Year End December 31, 2022 (see "Description of Columns (a) Through (j):", below) Common Stock Closing Price on December 31, 2022: 2.15 (a) (b) (c) (d) (e) (f) (g) (h) (i) (j) Gerard M. Jacobs, Chairman and CEO November 2010 Grants 471,698 2.00 12/31/2024 November 2010 Grants 605,000 2.00 12/31/2024 Compensation Agreement 250,000 5.00 2/24/2025 Warrants Issued in Connection with Acquisition of Lifted 200,000 5.00 2/24/2025 William C. Jacobs, President and CFO Deferred Contingent Stock 200,000 (1) 430,000 Compensation Agreement 225,000 5.00 2/24/2025 Warrants Issued in Connection with Acquisition of Lifted 225,000 5.00 2/24/2025 Nicholas S. Warrender, Vice Chairman and COO Warrants Issued in Connection with Acquisition of Lifted 200,000 5.00 2/24/2025 Description of Columns (a) Through (j): (a) The name of the named executive officer; (b) On an award-by-award basis, the number of securities underlying unexercised options and warrants, including awards that have been transferred other than for value, that are exercisable and that are not reported in column (d); (c) On an award-by-award basis, the number of securities underlying unexercised options and warrants, including awards that have been transferred other than for value, that are unexercisable and that are not reported in column (d); (d) On an award-by-award basis, the total number of shares underlying unexercised options and warrants awarded under any equity incentive plan that have not been earned; (e) For each instrument reported in columns (b), (c) and (d), as applicable, the exercise or base price; (f) For each instrument reported in columns (b), (c) and (d), as applicable, the expiration date; (g) The total number of shares of stock that have not vested and that are not reported in column (i); (h) The aggregate market value of shares of stock that have not vested and that are not reported in column (j) (note: LFTD Partners common stock closed at 2.15 on December 31, 2022, according to Yahoo! Finance); (i) The total number of shares of stock, units or other rights awarded under any equity incentive plan that have not vested and that have not been earned, and, if applicable the number of shares underlying any such unit or right; and (j) The aggregate market or payout value of shares of stock, units or other rights awarded under any equity incentive plan that have not vested and that have not been earned. (1) On March 2, 2023, these 200,000 shares of Deferred Contingent Stock were issued to William C. Jacobs; this issuance is disclosed in NOTE 15 SUBSEQUENT EVENTS. 66 Table of Contents ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth certain information regarding the beneficial ownership of common stock of the Company by (i) each person who, to the Company s knowledge, owns more than 5 of its common stock, (ii) each of the Company s named executive officers and directors, and (iii) all of the Company s named executive officers and directors as a group. Shares of the Company s Common Stock subject to options, warrants, or other rights currently exercisable, or exercisable within 60 days of the date hereof, are deemed to be beneficially owned and outstanding for computing the share ownership and percentage of the person holding such options, warrants or other rights, but are not deemed outstanding for computing the percentage of any other person. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has 14,102,578 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, and 18,864,776 shares outstanding on a fully diluted basis. Common shares of stock outstanding as of December 31, 2022 14,102,578 Fully Diluted Shares Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 18,864,776 Name Number of Series A Preferred Stock Shares Owned Beneficial Ownership Percentage Number of Series B Preferred Stock Shares Owned Beneficial Ownership Percentage Number of Common Stock Shares Owned or Controlled Beneficial Ownership Percentage Options/ Warrants Owned Overall Voting Power Overall Voting Power ) out of Fully Diluted Shares as of December 31, 2022 (1) Nicholas S. Warrender - - - - 3,900,455 44.06 200,000 4,100,455 21.74 (2) Gerard M. Jacobs - - - - 1,063,073 12.01 1,526,698 2,589,771 13.73 (3) ZIE Partners LLC - - - - 2,500,000 28.24 - 2,500,000 13.25 (4) William C. "Jake" Jacobs, CPA - - - - 400,000 4.52 450,000 850,000 4.51 (5) Vincent J. Mesolella - - - - 537,862 6.08 100,000 637,862 3.38 (6) Roberti Jacobs Family Trust - - - - 181,623 2.05 - 181,623 0.96 (7) James S. Jacobs, M.D. - - - - 79,500 0.90 75,000 154,500 0.82 (8) Joshua A. Bloom, M.D. - - - - 55,000 0.62 75,000 130,000 0.69 (9) Richard E. Morrissy - - - - 30,000 0.34 75,000 105,000 0.56 (10) Robert T.Warrender II - - - - 5,700 0.06 100,000 105,700 0.56 (11) Miss Mimi Corporation - - - - 100,000 1.13 - 100,000 0.53 (12) Kevin J. Rocio - - - - - 0.00 50,000 50,000 0.27 Total of All Officers, Directors, and Affiliates as a group - - - - 8,853,213 100.00 2,651,698 11,504,911 60.99 Total of All Officers and Directors as a group - - - - 6,071,590 2,651,698 8,723,288 46.24 (1) Nicholas S. Warrender serves as Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer, and he owns 3,900,455 shares of LFTD Partners common stock. The address for Nicholas S. Warrender is 5511 95th Avenue, Kenosha, WI 53144. Mr. Warrender also owns a five year warrant to purchase 200,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 5.00 per share. At the closing of the Lifted Merger, 645,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Corporation were designated as contingent deferred compensation (the Deferred Contingent Stock to certain persons specified by Mr. Warrender in a schedule delivered by him to the Corporation at the closing of the Merger (the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients Mr. Warrender was not one of the specified Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients, but subject to certain conditions and contingencies, some or all of such Deferred Contingent Stock may be forfeited by the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients, and in such case such forfeited Deferred Contingent Stock will be issued to Mr. Warrender as additional Merger consideration. (2) The address for Mr. Gerard M. Jacobs is 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. Mr. Gerard M. Jacobs, our Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and Secretary, has voting control over the following: (a) 781,250 shares of unregistered common stock; (b) 181,623 Company shares owned by the Roberti Jacobs Family Trust, over which Mr. Gerard M. Jacobs has voting control via a shareholders agreement; (c) 100,000 shares of common stock owned by his affiliate Miss Mimi Corporation; (d) 200 shares of common stock owned by his wife; and (e) 1,076,698 options at 2.00 per share. Also, simultaneously with the execution of an employment agreement, LFTD Partners issued to Gerard M. Jacobs or his designee(s) five-year warrants giving Gerard M. Jacobs or his designee(s) the right to purchase 250,000 shares of common stock of LFTD Partners exercisable at 5.00 per share, vesting upon the closing of LFTD Partners acquisition of Warrender Enterprise Inc. d/b/a Lifted Liquids. Gerard M. Jacobs was also one of the specified Warrant Recipients, and received a five year warrant to purchase 200,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 5.00 per share. (3) Christian Zann is the Manager of ZIE Partners LLC. The address for ZIE Partners LLC is 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. ZIE Partners LLC owns 2,500,000 shares of LFTD Partners' common stock. 67 Table of Contents (4) The address of William C. Jake Jacobs, CPA, is 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. Mr. Jacobs owns 200,000 shares of common stock of the Company. Also, simultaneously with the execution of an employment agreement, LFTD Partners issued to William C. Jacobs or his designee(s) five-year warrants giving William C. Jacobs or his designee(s) the right to purchase 225,000 shares of common stock of LFTD Partners exercisable at 5.00 per share, vesting upon the closing of LFTD Partners acquisition of Warrender Enterprise Inc. d/b/a Lifted Liquids. William C. Jacobs was one of the specified Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients and received 200,000 shares of Deferred Contingent Stock; and, on March 2, 2023, this Deferred Contingent Stock was issued to William C. Jacobs; this is also disclosed in Note 15 Subsequent Events . William C. Jacobs was also one of the specified Warrant Recipients, and received a five year warrant to purchase 225,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 5.00 per share. (5) The address for Mr. Vincent J. Mesolella is 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. Mr. Mesolella has voting control over the following: 537,862 shares of the Company s common stock. Vincent J. Mesolella was one of the specified Warrant Recipients, and received a five year warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 5.00 per share. (6) The address for the Roberti Jacobs Family Trust is 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. The Roberti Jacobs Family Trust irrevocably conveyed all of its voting power to Mr. Gerard M. Jacobs pursuant to the 2007 shareholder agreement described above. Mr. Gerard M. Jacobs is one of the grantors of the trust corpus, William C. Jake Jacobs currently is the trustee, and Gerard M. Jacobs children are the beneficiaries. The trust is irrevocable. The Trust owns 181,623 shares of the Company s common stock. (7) The address for Dr. James S. Jacobs is 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. Dr. James S. Jacobs owns 79,500 shares of LFTD Partners common stock. He or his designee has the right to purchase from the Company 25,000 warrants at 1.85 per share for a purchase price of 1.00. Dr. James S. Jacobs was also one of the specified Warrant Recipients, and received a five year warrant to purchase 50,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 5.00 per share. (8) The address for Dr. Joshua A. Bloom is 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. Dr. Joshua A. Bloom owns 55,000 shares of the Company s common stock. He or his designee has the right to purchase from the Company 25,000 warrants at 1.85 per share for a purchase price of 1.00. Dr. Joshua A. Bloom was also one of the specified Warrant Recipients, and received a five year warrant to purchase 50,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 5.00 per share. (9) The address for Mr. Richard E. Morrissy is 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. Mr. Richard E. Morrissy owns 30,000 shares of common stock. He or his designee has the right to purchase from the Company 25,000 warrants at 1.85 per share for a purchase price of 1.00. Mr. Richard E. Morrissy was also one of the specified Warrant Recipients, and received a five year warrant to purchase 50,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 5.00 per share. (10) The address for board member Mr. Robert T. Warrender II is 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. Mr. Warrender owns 5,700 shares of LFTD Partners common stock. Mr. Warrender was one of the specified Warrant Recipients, and received a five year warrant to purchase 100,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 5.00 per share. (11) Miss Mimi Corporation is an affiliate entity controlled by Mr. Gerard M. Jacobs. The address for Miss Mimi Corporation is 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. Miss Mimi Corporation owns 100,000 shares of common stock. (12) The address for Mr. Kevin J. Rocio is 14155 Pine Island Drive, Jacksonville, FL 32224. Mr. Kevin J. Rocio was also one of the specified Warrant Recipients, and received a five year warrant to purchase 50,000 shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 5.00 per share. 68 Table of Contents COMPENSATION PLANS Equity Compensation Plans None. Option Plans None. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE The following describes transactions since January 1, 2020 to which we have been a party and, in which: the amounts involved exceeded or will exceed 120,000; and any of our directors, executive officer, or beneficial holders of more than 5 of our voting securities, or their affiliates or immediate family members, had or will have a direct or indirect material interest. We believe the terms obtained or consideration that we paid or received, as applicable, in connection with the transactions described below were comparable to terms available or the amounts that would be paid or received, as applicable, from unrelated third parties. Compensation arrangements for our directors and named executive officers are described in Compensation of Executive and Compensation of Directors . Lease and Obligation to buy a Building Owned by an Affiliate On December 18, 2020, Lifted entered into a Lease Agreement (the Lease) with 95th Holdings, LLC Landlord for office, laboratory and warehouse space located in a building at 5511 95 th Avenue, in the City of Kenosha, State of Wisconsin (the Premises ). The Landlord is an entity directly or indirectly owned by NWarrender, the Company s COO and the CEO of Lifted and the largest stockholder of the Company as beneficial owner of 3,900,455 common stock shares. Due to the potential conflict of interest, the terms and conditions of the Lease were negotiated on behalf of Lifted by Vincent J. Mesolella, the Lead Outside Director of the Company. Landlord and Lifted were represented by their own independent legal counsel in connection with the Lease. Under the terms of the Lease, NWarrender is able to benefit through his entity 95th Holdings, LLC by receiving rent and by eventually selling the Premises to Lifted. The purpose of the Lease was to replace Lifted s current 3,300 square foot leased manufacturing facility and warehouse located in Zion, Illinois, as well as the space that Lifted has been temporarily using located adjacent to that rented space. Lifted built out the newly-leased space in Kenosha, and moved into that space during the first quarter of 2021. Under the terms of the triple-net Lease, starting on January 1, 2021, Lifted has leased approximately 11,238 square feet at the Premises at 6.13 per square foot per year in base rent 68,888.94 in 2021), which is subject to a 2 increase in base rent each year, plus certain operating expenses and taxes. Rent Schedule Date Base Monthly Rent January 1, 2021 December 31, 2021 5,740.75 January 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 5,855.57 January 1, 2023 December 31, 2023 5,972.68 January 1, 2024 December 31, 2024 6,092.13 January 1, 2025 December 31, 2025 6,213.97 On December 30, 2021, LIFD, NWarrender, 95th Holdings, LLC Holdings ), GJacobs, our Chairman and CEO, and WJacobs our President and CFO, entered into an agreement effective as of December 30, 2021 Omnibus Agreement that, among other things described below, requires Lifted to purchase a building leased by Lifted from an affiliate of our Vice Chairman and COO NWarrender on or before December 31, 2022, for a fixed purchase price equal to 1,375,000. Please read the section below Agreement to Purchase Property from Affiliate for more information. Omnibus Agreement and Amended Omnibus Agreement Also, the Omnibus Agreement and the Amended Omnibus Agreement (i) amend certain parts of the Agreement and Plan of Merger by and among LIFD, Lifted, GJacobs, WJacobs, Warrender Enterprise Inc. and NWarrender dated February 24, 2020 (the Merger Agreement (ii) amend that certain Compensation Agreement dated as of June 19, 2019 (the Compensation Agreement ), and that certain Amendment No. 1 to Compensation Agreement dated as of December 1, 2020 (the Amendment No. 1 (together the Amended Compensation Agreement (iii) amend those certain Executive Employment Agreements dated February 24, 2020 between LIFD and GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender, respectively (collectively the Executive Employment Agreements and, (iv) create quarterly board compensation. 69 Table of Contents Payment of Deferred Compensation pursuant to the Amended Compensation Agreement The Compensation Agreement contemplated an aggregate of 350,000 being paid by LIFD to GJacobs and WJacobs upon the closing of LIFD s acquisition of Lifted and an aggregate of 350,000 being paid by LIFD to GJacobs and WJacobs upon December 1, 2020, but such payments were not timely made, and pursuant to the Amendment No. 1 such aggregate of 700,000 of compensation was deferred and made due and payable by LIFD to GJacobs and WJacobs together with interest accrued at the rate of 2 annually commencing January 1, 2021, upon demand by GJacobs and WJacobs, and to date only 58,439 of such deferred compensation has been paid to date to GJacobs (the remaining unpaid deferred compensation together with accrued interest is hereby referred to as the Deferred Compensation ). Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, the Deferred Compensation shall be paid by LIFD to GJacobs and WJacobs on or before January 6, 2022. Payment of 300,000 Bonus to WJacobs Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement and simultaneously with such payment of the Deferred Compensation as set out above, LIFD shall pay WJacobs a bonus of 300,000 on or before January 6, 2022. Payment of on Aggregate 500,000 in Bonuses to GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender The Amended Compensation Agreement provides that an aggregate of 350,000 shall be paid by LIFD to GJacobs and WJacobs on December 1, 2021, but has not yet been paid (the December 1, 2021 Compensation ). The December 1, 2021 Compensation was terminated. Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement and the Amended Omnibus Agreement, if GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender have not resigned as officers of LIFD, on or before December 31, 2022, a retention bonus of 166,666 shall be paid by the Company to each of NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs. Increase of Base Salaries of Executives GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, commencing January 1, 2022, the Base Salary under each of the Executive Employment Agreements to be paid to GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender shall be increased from 100,000 to 250,000 per year. Allocation and Payment of Bonus Pool The company-wide Bonus Pool for 2021 shall be 1,559,334 (the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount ), which is the aggregate amount that has already been accrued for in LIFD s financial statements covering the period from January 1, 2021 through September 30, 2021, and such Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount shall be paid by LIFD, and allocated and distributed in accordance with unanimous written instructions from GJacobs, WJacobs and NWarrender, on or before March 15, 2022. Pursuant to the Amended Omnibus Agreement, the 2022 company-wide bonus pool shall not be allowed to be accrued or paid by LIFD if and to the extent that doing so would decrease LIFD s 2022 diluted earnings per share of common stock below 0.56 per share. Agreement to Purchase Property from Affiliate Our Vice Chairman and COO NWarrender directly or indirectly controls 95th Holdings, LLC which owns approximately 11,238 square feet of office, laboratory and warehouse space in a building located at 5511 95 th Avenue, in the City of Kenosha, State of Wisconsin (the Premises ). On December 18, 2020, Lifted as tenant entered into a Lease Agreement (the Lease) with 95th Holdings, LLC Landlord for the Premises. The lease commencement date was January 1, 2021, and lease termination date is January 1, 2026. Lifted constructed improvements including a clean room, and gradually moved into the Kenosha Premises over the course of the first quarter of 2021. Under the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, Lifted is obligated to purchase the Property from Landlord on or before December 31, 2022, for a fixed purchase price equal to 1,375,000. Director Fees Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, commencing on March 31, 2022, each of the non-officer members of the board of directors of LIFD shall receive a quarterly fee of 4,000 from LIFD. Status of Agreements Excepting only as expressly modified or amended pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, all other terms and conditions of the Merger Agreement, the Amended Compensation Agreement, the Executive Employment Agreements, the Lease, and all other agreements among any of the Parties remain in full force and effect following the execution and delivery of the Omnibus Agreement. Negotiations of Agreements In the negotiation and execution of the Omnibus Agreement, LIFD was represented by the Compensation Committee of the board of directors of LIFD, which consists of LIFD s four independent board members (the Compensation Committee ). The Compensation Committee has indicated to management that it believes that the terms and conditions of the Omnibus Agreement are in the best interests of LIFD. 70 Table of Contents Repayment of 3,750,000 promissory note between Nicholas S. Warrender and LIFD dated February 24, 2020 On December 30, 2021, LIFD repaid all principal and interest due under the 3,750,000 promissory note (the 3.75M Promissory Note between NWarrender and LIFD dated February 24, 2020 that was a portion of the Merger Consideration paid by LIFD to NWarrender under the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of the 3.75M Promissory Note, the unpaid balance of the note accrued interest at the rate of 2 per annum. On December 30, 2021, NWarrender kept 1,000,000 of the repayment, plus accrued interest, and on January 3, 2022, reloaned 2,750,000 back to LIFD at the rate of 2.5 . See 2,750,000 Promissory Note between LFTD Partners, Lifted and NWarrender above. Purchase of Warrants and Exercise of Such Warrants On April 1, 2018, we issued to director Dr. James S. Jacobs, brother of Chief Executive Officer GJacobs, rights to purchase warrants, for a purchase price of 1.00, an aggregate of 40,000 shares of common stock of the Company, at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, such warrants to be fully vested and to be exercisable on or prior to December 31, 2024. Dr. James S. Jacobs purchased such warrants and immediately exercised such warrants on September 23, 2019. On November 28, 2014, we granted director Dr. James S. Jacobs the right to purchase warrants, for a purchase price of 1.00, an aggregate of 25,000 shares of common stock of the Company, at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, such warrants to be fully vested and to be fully exercisable on or prior to December 31, 2024. Dr. James S. Jacobs purchased such warrants and immediately exercised such warrants on September 23, 2019. On November 28, 2014, we granted director Richard E. Morrissy the right to purchase warrants, for a purchase price of 1.00, an aggregate of 25,000 shares of common stock of the Company, at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, such warrants to be fully vested and to be fully exercisable on or prior to December 31, 2024. Richard E. Morrissy purchased such warrants and immediately exercised such warrants on September 23, 2019. On November 28, 2014, we granted director Dr. Joshua A. Bloom the right to purchase warrants, for a purchase price of 1.00, an aggregate of 25,000 shares of common stock of the Company, at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, such warrants to be fully vested and to be fully exercisable on or prior to December 31, 2024. Dr. Joshua A. Bloom purchased such warrants and immediately exercised such warrants on September 23, 2019. On April 1, 2018, we issued to then independent contractor and now our President and Chief Financial Officer WJacobs, son of Chief Executive Officer GJacobs, rights to purchase warrants, for a purchase price of 1.00, an aggregate of 210,000 shares of common stock of the Company, at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, such warrants to be fully vested and to be exercisable on or prior to December 31, 2024. On March 13, 2019, WJacobs exercised these warrants to purchase 200,000 shares of common stock of the Company, and assigned the remaining 10,000 warrants to a third party. Operating Loans 2018 On July 16, 2018 and November 12, 2018, Dr. Joshua A. Bloom, a member of our Board of Directors, loaned the Company 10,025 and 10,000, respectively, for working capital needs. The loans bear interest at 15 per annum. The loans are payable on demand by lender. There is a default rate of 18 interest in the event that the loans are not paid on demand. The loans are secured by all of the assets of the Company. These loans were fully repaid by the Company on March 13, 2019. In addition, the loan terms grant Dr. Bloom a total of 25,000 financing warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company, exercisable at 0.03 per share at any time through July 16, 2023. Dr. Bloom exercised such financing warrants on September 23, 2019. On July 18, 2018 and November 8, 2018, GJacobs, our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our Board of Directors, loaned the Company 4,766 and 6,000, respectively, for working capital needs. The loans bear interest at 15 per annum. The loans are payable on demand by lender. There is a default rate of 18 interest in the event that the loans are not paid on demand. The loans are secured by all of the assets of the Company. Such loans were fully repaid by the Company on March 13, 2019. In addition, the loan terms grant GJacobs a total of 12,500 financing warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company, exercisable at 0.03 per share at any time through July 16, 2023. GJacobs exercised such financing warrants on August 30, 2021. Operating Loans 2019 On January 7, 2019, January 21, 2019 and February 6, 2019, GJacobs, our Chief Executive Officer and a member of our board of directors, loaned the Company 5,968, 804, and 8,000, respectively, for working capital needs. The loans bear interest at 15 per annum. The loans are payable on demand by lender. There is a default rate of 18 interest in the event that the loans are not paid on demand. The loans are secured by all of the assets of the Company. Such loans were fully repaid by the Company on March 13, 2019. In addition, the loan terms grant GJacobs a total of 18,750 financing warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company, exercisable at 0.03 per share at any time through July 16, 2023. GJacobs exercised such financing warrants on August 30, 2021. 71 Table of Contents Compensation Agreement and Executive Employment Agreements of Gerard M. Jacobs and William C. Jake Jacobs Historically, our Chief Executive Officer GJacobs did not receive cash compensation. Historically, WJacobs was an independent contractor of the Company from May 2014 until February 4, 2019, when he was promoted to President, CFO and Treasurer of the Company. As an independent contractor, WJacobs earned fees of 5,000 per month, plus reimbursement for all of his business-related expenses. However, from May 2016 through 2018, WJacobs was not paid the independent contractor fees that he had earned, and he was not reimbursed for any of his business-related expenses, because the Company did not have the cash to pay him. All of the independent contractor fees that were owed to WJacobs but were not paid because the Company did not have the cash to pay him, plus reimbursement for all of his business related expenses, were fully paid to him during 2019 out of the proceeds of the sale of the Company s Series A convertible preferred stock. These independent contractor fees totaled 40,000 for May 2016 through December 2016, 60,000 for 2017, 60,000 for 2018 and 60,000 for 2019, for a grand total of 220,000. Effective as of June 19, 2019 through the closing of the Company s acquisition of Warrender Enterprise Inc. d/b/a Lifted Made (formerly d/b/a Lifted Liquids) on February 24, 2020, the Company paid GJacobs and WJacobs consulting fees of 7,500 and 5,000 per month, respectively. Effective February 24, 2020, GJacobs runs the Company s operations on a full time basis as the Company s Chief Executive Officer pursuant to his multi-year Executive Employment Agreement which pays him an annual base salary of 100,000, and entitles him to participate in a Company-wide management bonus pool. Effective February 24, 2020, WJacobs serves as the Company s President and CFO on a full time basis pursuant to his multi-year Executive Employment Agreement which pays him an annual base salary of 100,000, and entitles him to participate in a Company-wide management bonus pool. See Impact of the Merger on GJacobs and WJacobs Compensation Agreement above. GJacobs and WJacobs are also entitled to certain warrants and bonuses pursuant to their compensation agreement with the Company. See Impact of the Merger on GJacobs and WJacobs Compensation Agreement above. Effective February 24, 2020, NWarrender serves as the Company s COO on a full time basis pursuant to his multi-year Executive Employment Agreement which pays him an annual base salary of 100,000, and entitles him to participate in a Company-wide management bonus pool. Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, the annual base salary of each of NWarrender, WJacobs and GJacobs has been increased to 250,000 commencing on January 1, 2022. Subsequently, on January 10, 2023, the Compensation Committee of the Board of Directors of the Company voted to increase the base salary of NWarrender to 500,000 per year from 250,000. NWarrender s new salary will commence retroactively as of January 1, 2023. Exercise of Options and Warrants by Directors and Non-Affiliate Shareholders Please refer to NOTE 10 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY to read about the exercise of options and warrants by directors and non-affiliate shareholders of the Company. Stock Buy-back Transactions with a Non-Affiliate Stockholder Please refer to NOTE 10 SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY to read about stock-buy transactions with a non-affiliate stockholder of the Company. Indemnification of Officers and Directors Our bylaws specifically limit the liability of our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. As a result, aggrieved parties may have a more limited right to action than they would have had if such provisions were not present. The bylaws also provide for indemnification of our officers and directors for any losses or liabilities they may incur as a result of the manner in which they operated our business or conducted internal affairs, provided that in connection with these activities they acted in good faith and in a manner which they reasonably believed to be in, or not opposed to, our best interest. In the ordinary course of business, we also may provide indemnifications of varying scope and terms to customers, vendors, lessors, business partners, independent contractors and other parties with respect to certain matters, including, but not limited to, losses arising out of our breach of such agreements, services to be provided by us, or from intellectual property infringement claims made by third-parties. We may also agree to indemnify former officers, directors, employees and independent contractors of acquired companies in connection with the acquisition of such companies. 72 Table of Contents Director Independence We are not listed on a national exchange, such as NASDAQ, at this time. As such, we are not required to have independent directors. Our management believes that, consistent with Rule 5605(a)(2) of the NASDAQ Listing Rules that a director will only qualify as an independent director if, in the opinion of our Board of Directors, that person does not have a relationship that would interfere with the exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our management has reviewed the composition of our Board of Directors and the independence of each director. Based upon information requested from and provided by each director concerning his background, employment and affiliations, including family relationships, our Board of Directors has determined that each of our directors, with the exceptions of Gerard M. Jacobs, J.D., Dr. James S. Jacobs, Nicholas S. Warrender, and Robert T. Warrender II, is an independent director . ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES On July 16, 2018, the Company engaged Fruci Associates II, PLLC Fruci as the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. Vincent J. Mesolella, the Company s Audit Committee Chairman, and GJacobs sign an engagement letter with Fruci before Fruci performs any audit or review services for the Company. Fruci was approved to provide audit and review services for the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022. Fruci was also approved to provide audit, review and tax services for the Company for the year ended December 31, 2021. The following describes the audit fees, audit-related fees, tax fees, and all other fees for professional services provided by Fruci: For the year ended December 31, 2022: For the year ended December 31, 2021: Audit Fees: 108,873 Audit Fees: 89,600 Audit-Related Fees: 0 Audit-Related Fees: 14,813 Tax Fees: 0 Tax Fees: 18,350 All Other Fees: 0 All Other Fees: 0 73 Table of Contents PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES Financial Statements and Schedules The financial statements are set forth under Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Financial statement schedules have been omitted since they are either not required, not applicable, or the information is otherwise included. Exhibit List The following Exhibits have been previously filed in the below referenced filings or have been attached hereto, and in any case, as is stated on the cover of this Report, all of the below Exhibits are incorporated herein by reference. 10.53 Compensation Agreement between Acquired Sales Corp., Gerard M. Jacobs and William C. "Jake" Jacobs dated as of June 19, 2019 10.58 Lease Agreement - 5511 95th Avenue, Kenosha, WI 53144 10.61 Lease Agreement - 8920 58th Place, Suite 850, Kenosha, WI 53144 10.62 Lease Agreement - 8910 58th Place, Suites 600 and 700, Kenosha, WI 53144 10.67 Omnibus Agreement dated December 30, 2021 between LFTD Partners Inc. Nicholas S. Warrender, 95th Holdings, LLC, Gerard M. Jacobs and William C. Jake Jacobs 10.68 Amended Omnibus Agreement dated February 14, 2022 between LFTD Partners Inc. Nicholas S. Warrender, Gerard M. Jacobs and William C. Jake Jacobs 10.69 Lease Agreement - 9560 58th Place, Suite 360, Kenosha, WI 53144 10.70 Acceleration Agreement 10.71 Commercial Sublease 2701-09 West Fulton PH, Chicago, IL 60612 10.72 Lease Agreement - 5732 95th Ave, Suites 200 and 300, Kenosha, WI 53144 This Form10-K March 21, 2023 31.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 executed by Gerard M. Jacobs 31.2 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 executed by William C. Jacobs 32.1 Certification of principal executive officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 executed by Gerard M. Jacobs 32.2 Certification of principal financial officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 executed by William C. Jacobs 99.1 Press Release dated March 22, 2023 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Pursuant to Rule 406T of Regulation S-T, these interactive data files are deemed furnished and not filed or part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of Sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, or deemed furnished and not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, and otherwise are not subject to liability under these sections. ITEM 16. FORM 10 K SUMMARY This Item is optional. We may provide summaries in future Form 10-K filings. 74 Table of Contents SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. LFTD Partners Inc. By: /s/ Gerard M. Jacobs Gerard M. Jacobs, Chief Executive Officer and Director (Chief Executive Officer) Date: March 21, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. By: /s/ Gerard M. Jacobs Gerard M. Jacobs, Chief Executive Officer and Director Principal Executive Officer Date: March 21, 2023 By: /s/ William C. Jake Jacobs, CPA William C. Jake Jacobs, CPA, President, Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer Principal Financial Officer Date: March 21, 2023 /s/ Nicholas S. Warrender Nicholas S. Warrender Chief Operating Officer and Director Date: March 21, 2023 /s/ Vincent J. Mesolella Vincent J. Mesolella Director Date: March 21, 2023 /s/ Joshua A. Bloom, M.D. Joshua A. Bloom, M.D. Director Date: March 21, 2023 /s/ James S. Jacobs, M.D. James S. Jacobs, M.D. Director Date: March 21, 2023 /s/ Richard E. Morrissy Richard E. Morrissy Director Date: March 21, 2023 /s/ Kevin J. Rocio Kevin J. Rocio Director Date: March 21, 2023 /s/ Robert T. Warrender II Robert T. Warrender II Director Date: March 21, 2023 75 Table of Contents LFTD PARTNERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARY LIFTED LIQUIDS, INC. INDEX TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets, December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-4 Consolidated Statements of Shareholders Equity (Deficit) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-6 Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 F-1 Table of Contents REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Board of Directors and Shareholders of LFTD Partners Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of LFTD Partners Inc. and subsidiary the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, statements of shareholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Valuation of Investments Description of the Critical Audit Matter As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has investments in several entities which require the Company to periodically evaluate potential impairment by assessing whether the carrying value of the investments exceeds their fair value. Auditing management s analysis includes tests that are complex and highly judgmental due to the estimation required to determine the fair value of each of the underlying investees. In particular, fair value estimates are sensitive to significant assumptions and factors such as expectations about future market and economic conditions, revenue growth rates, strategic plans, and historical operating results, among others. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management s valuation of investments consisted of the following, among others: 1. Obtain and test management assumptions and analysis. 2. Obtain and review the financial position and operating result data of the investee entities. 3. Assess management s key indicators regarding operating results, including analysis of revenue growth rates, profit growth, and future strategic plans. Valuation of Goodwill Description of the Critical Audit Matter As discussed in Note 4 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has goodwill resulting from the acquisition of Lifted Made which requires the Company to periodically evaluate for potential impairment by assessing whether the carrying value of the goodwill exceeds the fair value. Auditing management s analysis includes tests that are complex and highly judgmental due to the estimation required to determine the fair value of the reporting unit. In particular, fair value estimates are sensitive to significant assumptions and factors such as expectations about future market and economic conditions, revenue growth rates, strategic plans, and historical operating results, among others. How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit Our principal audit procedures to evaluate management s valuation of investments consisted of the following, among others: 1. Obtain and assess management s key indicators and analysis regarding discounted cash flows. 2. Prepared independent analysis for discounted cash flows and compared to management s analysis and prepared sensitivity analysis on the most crucial inputs. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. March 21, 2023 F-2 Table of Contents LFTD PARTNERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARY LIFTED LIQUIDS, INC. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current Assets Cash and Cash Equivalents Dividend Receivable from Bendistillery, Inc. Prepaid Expenses Accounts Receivable, net of allowance of in 2022 and in 2021 Inventory Current Portion of Settlement Asset Other Current Assets Total Current Assets Goodwill Investment in Ablis Investment in Bendistillery and Bend Spirits Net Deferred Tax Asset Fixed Assets, less accumulated depreciation of in 2022 and in 2021 Intangible Assets, less accumulated amortization of in 2022 and in 2021 Security and State Licensing Deposits Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset, net of Right-of-Use Asset Amortization of in 2022 and in 2021 Operating Lease Right-of-Use Asset, net of Right-of-Use Asset Amortization of in 2022 and in 2021 Non-Current Portion of Settlement Asset Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY Current Liabilities Finance Lease Liability Operating Lease Liability Deferred Revenue Income Tax Payable Management Bonuses Payable - Related Party Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Accounts Payable - Related Party Interest Payable - Related Party Preferred Stock Dividends Payable Total Current Liabilities Non-Current Liabilities Operating Lease Liability Total Non-Current Liabilities Total Liabilities Commitments and Contingencies Shareholders' Equity Preferred Stock, par value; total shares authorized; out of which shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are authorized, and shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022, and shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021; and out of which shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are authorized, and shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022, and shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 Common Stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022, and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2021 Additional Paid-in Capital Accumulated Deficit Total Shareholders' Equity Total Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-3 Table of Contents LFTD PARTNERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARY LIFTED LIQUIDS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net Sales Cost of Goods Sold Gross Profit Operating Expenses: Payroll and Independent Contractor Expenses Stock Compensation Expense Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool Management Bonuses Professional Fees Bank Charges and Merchant Fees Advertising and Marketing Bad Debt Expense Depreciation and Amortization Other Operating Expenses Total Operating Expenses Income/(Loss) From Operations Other Income/(Expenses) Loss From 50 membership interest in SmplyLifted LLC (FR3SH) Impairment of Investment in SmplyLifted Income from SmplyLifted for WCJ Labor Loss on Lease Modification Interest Expense Dividend Income Warehouse Buildout Credits Penalties Gain on Forgiveness of Debt Refund of Merchant Account Fees Settlement Income Settlement Costs Loss on Disposal of Fixed Assets Loss on Deposits Interest Income Total Other Income/(Expenses) Income/(Loss) Before Provision for Income Taxes Provision for Income Taxes Net Income/(Loss) Attributable to LFTD Partners Inc. common stockholders Basic Net Income/(Loss) per Common Share Diluted Net Income/(Loss) per Common Share Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-4 Table of Contents LFTD PARTNERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARY LIFTED LIQUIDS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY (DEFICIT) Additional Total Preferred Stock Common Stock Treasury Stock Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders' Shares Amount Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance, December 31, 2020 Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable LIFD's January 8, 2021 purchase of 36,000 shares of common stock at 0.95 per share, for a total of 34,200, from an unrelated shareholder Conversions of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Common Stock Conversions of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock to Common Stock Net Income Balance, March 31, 2021 Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Issuance of common stock upon exercise of warrant and per Settlement Agreement Conversions of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Common Stock Net Income Balance, June 30, 2021 Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Cancellation of Common Stock held in treasury Issuance of Common Stock Upon Exercise of Warrants and Options Net Income Balance, September 30, 2021 - Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Issuance of Common Stock Upon Exercise of Warrant Net Income Balance, December 31, 2021 - Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Issuance of Common Stock Upon Exercise of Warrant Repurchase and cancellation of Common Stock Net Income Balance, March 31, 2022 - Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Conversions of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Common Stock Net Income Balance, June 30, 2022 - Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Net Income Balance, September 30, 2022 - Series A Preferred Stock dividend payable Series B Preferred Stock dividend payable Net Income Balance, December 31, 2022 - The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-5 Table of Contents LFTD PARTNERS INC. AND SUBSIDIARY LIFTED LIQUIDS, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash Flows From Operating Activities Net Income (Loss) Adjustments to Reconcile Net Income (Loss) to Net Cash Provided by (Used in) Operating Activities: Lifted Made's Portion of SmplyLifted's Net Loss Impairment of Investment in SmplyLifted Stock Compensation Expense Bad Debt Expense Depreciation and Amortization Gain on Forgiveness of Debt Loss on Disposal of Fixed Assets Loss on Deposits Spoiled and Written Off Inventory Sales Allowance Deferred Income Taxes Effect on Cash of Changes in Operating Assets and Liabilities Accounts Receivable Prepaid Expenses Dividend Receivable from Bendistillery, Inc. Income Tax Receivable and Payable Management Bonuses Payable Company-wide Management Bonus Pool Interest Receivable Inventory Deposit for Girish GPO Distribution Agreement Other Current Assets Loan to Shareholder Trade Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses Accounts Payable and Interest Payable to Related Parties Change in Settlement Asset Change in ROU Asset Change in Finance Operating Lease Liabilities Deferred Revenue Net Cash Provided By/(Used In) Operating Activities Cash Flows From Investing Activities Net Cash Paid as Part of Lifted Liquids, Inc. Acquisition Reduction of CBD Lion Note Receivable Net Purchase of Fixed Assets Loans to SmplyLifted LLC Investment in SmplyLifted LLC Net Cash Used In Investing Activities Cash Flows From Financing Activities Proceeds from Paycheck Protection Program Loan Proceeds from Exercise of Warrants and Options Issuance of Common Stock Payments of Dividends to Series A Convertible Preferred Stockholders Payments of Dividends to Series B Convertible Preferred Stockholders Financing Cost - Proceeds from Borrowing Under Note Payable to Related Party - Nick Warrender Financing Cost - Repayment of Borrowings Under Note Payable to Related Party - Nick Warrender Financing Cost - Repayment of Interest Payable to Related Parties Purchase of Shares of Common Stock Repayment of Finance Lease Liability Net Cash Used In Financing Activities Net Increase/(Decrease) in Cash Cash and Cash Equivalents at Beginning of Period Cash and Cash Equivalents at End of Period For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Supplemental Cash Flow Information: Cash Paid For Interest Cash Paid for Interest - Related Party Cash Paid For Income Taxes Non-Cash Activities: Right-of-Use Assets Acquired From Inception of Finance Leases Right-of-Use Assets Acquired From Inception of Operating Leases Conversion of Series A and Series B Preferred Stock to Common Stock Cashless Exercise of Warrants Cancellation of Common Stock held in Treasury Reduction in Bonus Payable to Gerard M. Jacobs by the Cost of Exercising Warrants The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. F-6 Table of Contents LFTD PARTNERS INC. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS of the common stock of each of CBD-infused beverages maker Ablis Holding Company Ablis (www.AblisCBD.com), and of distilled spirits manufacturers Bendistillery Inc. Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, Inc. Bend Spirits ), all located in Bend, Oregon. Obligation to Purchase Headquarters Building Toward the end of 2020, our Vice Chairman and Chief Operating Officer Nicholas S. Warrender NWarrender ), through his assigned entity 95th Holdings, LLC Holdings ), purchased a building located at 5511 95th Avenue in Kenosha, Wisconsin 5511 Building that was immediately leased to us to conduct our expanded operations. The 5511 Building includes office, laboratory and warehouse space. As part of the lease agreement with Holdings, the parties agreed that our wholly owned subsidiary Lifted would eventually purchase the 5511 Building. The purchase price for the 5511 Building was originally subject to valuation based on a formula agreed upon by the parties. Pursuant to an agreement with NWarrender on December 30, 2021, the parties agreed to set the purchase price for the 5511 Building at 1,375,000. Prior to the Acceleration Agreement, Lifted had an obligation to complete the purchase of the 5511 Building on or before December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Acceleration Agreement, the deadline to purchase the 5511 Building has been extended by one year to December 31, 2023. In addition, the Acceleration Agreement contains a provision that if we raise of debt or equity capital, then Lifted or our designee shall purchase the 5511 Building from Holdings at the agreed upon purchase price within two days. Termination of Letter of Intent Relating to the Proposed Acquisition by the Company of Savage Enterprises, Premier Greens LLC and MKRC Holdings, LLC On December 15, 2021, the Company, our Chairman and CEO Gerard M. Jacobs GJacobs ), our President and CFO William C. Jake Jacobs WJacobs ), and our Vice Chairman and COO NWarrender, Savage Enterprises, a Wyoming corporation Savage ), Premier Greens LLC, a California limited liability company Premier Greens ), MKRC Holdings, LLC, a Wyoming limited liability company MKRC ), Christopher G. Wheeler Wheeler ), and Matt Winters Winters ), mutually stipulated to terminate the Letter of Intent dated June 15, 2021 that set out the Company s possible acquisition of Savage, Premier Greens and MKRC. Termination of Letter of Intent Relating to the Proposed Acquisition by the Company of Fresh Farms E-Liquid, LLC On December 16, 2021, the Company, Fresh Farms E-Liquid, LLC, a California limited liability company Fresh Farms ), Anthony J. Devincentis Devincentis ), Jakob M. Audino Audino ), Forrest F. Town Town ), John Z. Petti Petti ), GJacobs, NWarrender, WJacobs, Wheeler and Winters mutually stipulated to terminate the Letter of Intent dated September 1, 2021 that set out the Company s possible acquisition of Fresh Farms. F-7 Table of Contents . Deposits with these banks may exceed the amount of insurance provided on such deposits; however, these deposits typically may be redeemed upon demand and, therefore, bear minimal risk. F-8 Table of Contents and were recorded at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. A credit note reserve of 935,881, primarily related to the sales allowance of 939,496, was also netted against accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022; there was no credit note reserve netted against accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021. Finished Goods Total Inventory Monthly overhead costs such as payments for rent, utilities, insurance, and indirect labor are allocated to finished goods based on the estimated percentage cost toward the finished goods. Depreciation expense related to certain machinery and equipment is also allocated to finished goods. At December 31, 2022, of overhead costs were allocated to finished goods. In comparison, at December 31, 2021, of overhead costs were allocated to finished goods. During the year ended December 31, 2022, of obsolete and spoiled inventory was written off; this is compared to of obsolete and spoiled inventory that was written off during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the 2020 Stub Year, of obsolete and spoiled inventory was written off. Of the 4,418,922 of obsolete and spoiled inventory that was written off during the year ended December 31, 2022, of it related to certain 2 mL disposable vapes written off during the third quarter of 2022 due to clogging issues (the Clogged Vapes ). Management believes that the clogging was caused by the summer heat wave (the third hottest summer on record in the USA). The heat caused the oil in the Clogged Vapes to lose viscosity, so more oil solidified in the coils as they were brought to room temperature. Because these Clogged Vapes did not have preheat or variable voltage settings, the oil could not be unclogged from the coils. Management discontinued the sale of the Clogged Vapes during the third quarter. Lifted s 2 mL disposable vapes have been superseded by 3 mL disposable vapes that do have preheat and variable voltage settings, so management expects that this write off of Clogged Vapes should be a one-time occurrence. 1) Identifying raw goods that would no longer be used in the manufacture of finished goods; 2) Identifying finished goods that would no longer be sold or that are slow moving; and 3) Valuing and expensing raw and finished goods that would no longer be sold. or more are capitalized. Depreciation of machinery and equipment, furniture and fixtures, leasehold improvements, and computer equipment, is based on the asset s estimated useful life and is calculated using the straight-line method. Normal repairs and maintenance costs are expensed as incurred. Expenditures that materially increase values or extend useful lives are capitalized. The related costs and accumulated depreciation of disposed assets are eliminated and any resulting gain or loss on disposition is included in net income. Management regularly reviews property and equipment and other long-lived assets for possible impairment. This review occurs annually, or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of the asset may not be recoverable. If there is an indication of impairment, management then prepares an estimate of future cash flows (undiscounted and without interest charges) expected to result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposition. If these cash flows are less than the carrying amount of the asset, an impairment loss is recognized to write down the asset to its estimated fair value. The fair value is estimated using the present value of the future cash flows discounted at a rate commensurate with management s estimates of the business risks. F-9 Table of Contents Revenue for estimated future discounts/refunds and product returns. F-10 Table of Contents Net sales of products to private label clients Net sales of products to wholesalers Net sales of products to distributors Net sales of products to end consumers Net Sales Deferred Revenue Deposits from customers for unfulfilled orders Total Deferred Revenue during the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to during the year ended December 31, 2021, compared to during the 2020 Stub Year. and of cost of goods sold relates to spoiled and obsolete inventory written off during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. of cost of goods sold relates to spoiled and obsolete inventory written off during the 2020 Stub Year. for the year ended December 31, 2022, up from for the year ended December 31, 2021, and for the 2020 Stub Year. The primary driver of the increases, year-over-year, was increased payroll and independent contractor expenses, due to the hiring of more employees and independent contractors. Moreover, the Company reported company-wide bonus pool expense of and during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company did not report company-wide bonus pool expense for the 2020 Stub Year. F-11 Table of Contents Weighted average number of common shares outstanding: Basic Diluted Basic Net Income (Loss) per Common Share Diluted Net Income (Loss) per Common Share As of December 31, 2022, in addition to our outstanding common stock, we have issued (a) options to purchase shares of common stock at 2.00 per share, (b) warrants to purchase shares of common stock at 1.00 per share, (c) rights to purchase warrants to purchase shares of common stock at 1.85 per share, and (d) warrants to purchase shares of common stock at 5.00 per share. Regarding the aforementioned warrants to purchase 2,295,000 shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 5.00 per share: of the total, warrants to purchase shares of our common stock are vested, while the remaining warrants to purchase shares of our common stock are not vested and are subject to certain conditions and requirements. At December 31, 2022, the Company had Series A Preferred Stock outstanding convertible into shares of common stock; these are included in the diluted earnings calculation. Also at December 31, 2022, the Company had Series B Preferred Stock outstanding convertible into shares of common stock; these are not included in the diluted earnings calculation because the exercise price 5.00/share) was higher than the stock closing price at December 31, 2022 2.15/share). In comparison, as of December 31, 2021, in addition to our outstanding common stock, we have issued (a) options to purchase shares of common stock at 2.00 per share, (b) warrants to purchase shares of common stock at 1 per share, (d) rights to purchase warrants to purchase shares of common stock at 1.85 per share, and (e) warrants to purchase 2,295,000 shares of common stock at 5.00 per share. Regarding the aforementioned rights to purchase warrants to purchase 1,350,000 shares of common stock at 1.85 per share as of December 31, 2021: exercise rights to purchase warrants to purchase million shares of our common stock by exercise of the foregoing warrants are not vested and are not exercisable until a performance contingency is met. Regarding the aforementioned warrants to purchase shares of our common stock at an exercise price of 5.00 per share as of December 31, 2021: of the total, warrants to purchase shares of our common stock are vested, while the remaining warrants to purchase shares of our common stock are not vested and are subject to certain conditions and requirements. Also outstanding as of December 31, 2021, the Company had Series A Preferred Stock outstanding convertible into shares of common stock; these are included in the diluted earnings calculation. At December 31, 2021, the Company had Series B Preferred Stock outstanding convertible into shares of common stock; these are not included in the diluted earnings calculation because the exercise price 5.00/share) was higher than the stock closing price at December 31, 2021 4.37/share). F-12 Table of Contents in advertising and marketing expenses, which primarily related to trade shows, marketing, promotional products and public relations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company incurred in advertising and marketing expenses, which primarily related to trade shows, marketing displays, public relations and digital marketing. During the 2020 Stub Year, the Company incurred in advertising and marketing expenses, which primarily related to public relations and digital marketing. was recognized at December 31, 2022. F-13 Table of Contents Net Earnings Shown above are Lifted s net sales and net earnings for the following two periods: (1) January 1, 2019 through February 24, 2020 (acquisition date) (2) February 24, 2020 (acquisition date) to December 31, 2020 The foregoing disclosures of net sales and net earnings during those periods solely reflects Lifted s financial results. Prior to its acquisition of Lifted on February 24, 2020, LFTD Partners had no sources of revenue, so the acquisition of Lifted was significant for LFTD Partners. .50 and evidenced by a promissory note (the Note ), dated issued by Lifted to the Lender. On April 20, 2021, the entire PPP Loan and the interest payable on the PPP Loan was forgiven by the SBA, and a related gain on forgiveness of debt in the amount of was recorded. In accordance with its terms, the Note was originally scheduled to mature on April 14, 2022 and bore interest at a rate of per annum, payable monthly commencing on November 14, 2020, following an initial deferral period as specified under the PPP. In addition, the Note could be prepaid by Lifted at any time prior to its original maturity with no prepayment penalties. Proceeds from the PPP Loan were available to Lifted to fund designated expenses, including certain payroll costs and other permitted expenses, in accordance with the PPP. Under the terms of the PPP, up to the entire amount of principal and accrued interest of the PPP Loan could be forgiven to the extent that at least 75 of the PPP Loan proceeds are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act and applicable implementing guidance issued by the SBA under the PPP. As of March 31, 2021, Lifted had an accrual of for the interest on the PPP Loan. During the three months ended June 30, 2021, interest of was accrued prior to the forgiveness of the Loan. Receipt of Employee Retention Tax Credits In August 2022, with the assistance of a third party firm, Lifted applied for Employee Retention Tax Credits ERC for certain quarters of 2020 and 2021. In the fourth quarter of 2022, gross credits of were recovered, and Lifted paid the third party firm a commission of . The ERC is accounted for as a reduction in payroll expenses in the fourth quarter of 2022. The commission is accounted for as Professional Fees expense. as of December 31, 2022. Bankruptcy of the Company at some point in the future is a possibility. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. Management plans to sustain the Company as a going concern by taking the following actions: (1) acquiring and/or developing profitable businesses that will create positive income from operations; and/or (2) completing private placements of the Company s common stock and/or preferred stock. Management believes that by taking these actions, the Company will be provided with sufficient future operations and cash flow to continue as a going concern. However, there can be no assurances or guarantees whatsoever that the Company will be successful in consummating such actions on acceptable terms, if at all. Moreover, any such actions can be expected to result in substantial dilution to the existing shareholders of the Company. The Company s investments in Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits made the Company a minority owner of these companies. As a minority owner, the Company is not able to recognize any portion of Ablis , Bendistillery s or Bend Spirits revenues or earnings in the Company s financial statements. The Company monitors its investments in Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits, and from time to time will evaluate whether there has been a potential impairment of value. F-14 Table of Contents of debt or equity capital, then Lifted or our designee shall purchase the Property from 95th Holdings, LLC at the agreed upon purchase price within two days. The Company is also accruing and paying annual dividends on its Series A and Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. Also, on February 14, 2022, NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs (together the Parties and LFTD Partners, entered into an agreement (the Amended Omnibus Agreement that amends in part the Agreement dated as of December 30, 2021 entered into by and among LFTD Partners Inc., the Parties, Lifted Liquids, Inc. d/b/a Lifted Made and 95th Holdings, LLC (the Omnibus Agreement ). The Amended Omnibus Agreement (1) terminates the right for the Parties to receive bonus compensation in regard to 2021 that is in excess of the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount of set out in the Omnibus Agreement; (2) places a cap on the 2022 company-wide bonus pool such that the 2022 company-wide bonus pool shall not be allowed to be accrued or paid by LIFD if and to the extent that doing so would decrease LIFD s 2022 diluted earnings per share of common stock below per share; and (3) the of additional bonus set out in the Omnibus Agreement, is now allocated and defined as a retention bonus of to each of NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs to be paid at the end of 2022 so long as each respective executive has not earlier resigned from LFTD Partners (the 2022 Retention Bonuses ). The 2022 Retention Bonuses were paid in the first quarter of 2023. Moreover, LFTD Partners agrees and covenants that the Chairman of the Compensation Committee is authorized to negotiate and agree on behalf of LFTD Partners in regard to a 2023 supplemental retention bonus for NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs (in addition to the company-wide Bonus Pool) (the 2023 Retention Bonuses ), and if and only if the amounts of the 2023 Retention Bonuses are mutually agreed upon in writing among the Chairman of the Compensation Committee, NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs, then one-third of the 2023 Retention Bonuses shall be paid by LFTD Partners to each of NWarrender, GJacobs and WJacobs on or before March 15, 2024, provided that such officer shall not have earlier resigned as an officer of LFTD Partners. During 2022, Lifted for the first time hired an outside laboratory to conduct research and development on a potential new, non-hemp-derived, synthetic psychedelic product (the New Psychedelic Product for a total of . Such research and development of the New Psychedelic Product has been put on indefinite hold. Lifted has recently successfully purchased from third parties a natural equivalent of the New Psychedelic Product. No guarantee or assurance can be given that in the future Lifted will be able to purchase more of this natural equivalent of the New Psychedelic Product, or a synthesized version thereof. In addition, factors that could materially affect future operating results include, but are not limited to, changes to laws and regulations, especially any future changes to the so-called Farm Bill at the federal level, and any other federal or state laws and regulations related to hemp-derived cannabinoids, nicotine products, kratom, psychoactive products and/or vaping. The company is also subject to vendor concentration risk, customer concentration risk, customer credit risk, and counterparty risk. The Company maintains levels of cash bank accounts that, at times, may exceed federally insured limits. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and it believes that it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash. No assurance or guarantee whatsoever can be given that the net income of the Company s wholly-owned subsidiary Lifted will be sufficient to allow the Company to pay all of its operating expenses, the dividends accruing and being paid on the Company s preferred stock, the company-wide bonus pool, and the 2023 Retention Bonuses. As a result, there is substantial doubt that the Company will be able to continue as a going concern. Bankruptcy of the Company at some point in the future is a possibility. The accompanying financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to the recoverability and classification of recorded asset amounts or amounts and classification of liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable to continue as a going concern. F-15 Table of Contents of Lifted Made s sales. In comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021, five customers made up approximately of Lifted Made s sales. And, during the 2020 Stub Year, five customers made up approximately of Lifted s sales. Vendor Dependence Regarding the purchases of raw goods and finished goods Inventory ), during the year ended December 31, 2022, approximately of the Inventory that Lifted purchased were from five vendors. In comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021, approximately of the Supplies that Lifted purchased were from five vendors. And, during the 2020 Stub Year, approximately of the Supplies that Lifted purchased were from five vendors. The loss of Lifted s relationships with these customers and vendors could have a material adverse effect on Lifted s business. of the common stock of each of Ablis Holding Company, Bendistillery Inc., and Bend Spirits, Inc. for an aggregate purchase price of . Under US Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ), the Company uses the cost method to account for its minority equity ownership interests in businesses in which the Company owns less than 20 of equity ownership and has no substantial influence over the management of the businesses. Under the cost method of accounting, the Company reports the historical costs of the investments as assets on its balance sheet. However, US GAAP does not permit the consolidation of its financial statements with the financial statements of companies in which the Company owns minority equity ownership interests. As such, the Company s investments in Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits made the Company a minority owner of these companies. As a minority owner, the Company will not be able to recognize any portion of Ablis , Bendistillery s or Bend Spirits revenues or earnings in the Company s financial statements. US GAAP also requires the Company to record these types of investments at cost minus impairment, if any, plus or minus changes resulting from observable price changes in orderly transactions for the identical or a similar investment of the same issuer. As such, the Company will not be allowed to consolidate into its financial statements any portion of the revenues, earnings or assets of companies in which it owns minority equity ownership interests such as Ablis, Bendistillery and Bend Spirits. Moreover, even if there is evidence that the fair market values of the investments have increased above their historical costs, US GAAP does not allow increasing the recorded values of the investments. Under US GAAP, the only adjustments that may be made to the historical costs of the investments are write downs of the values of the investments, which must be made if there is evidence that the fair market values of the investments have declined to below the recorded historical costs. At each reporting period, the Company makes a qualitative assessment considering impairment indicators to evaluate whether its investments are impaired. Factors that the Company would consider indicators of impairment include: (1) a significant deterioration in the earnings performance, credit rating, asset quality, or business prospects of the investee, (2) a significant adverse change in the regulatory, economic, or technological environment of the investee, (3) a significant adverse change in the general market condition of either the geographical area or the industry in which the investee operates, (4) a bona fide offer to purchase, an offer by the investee to sell, or a completed auction process for the same or similar investment for an amount less than the carrying amount of that investment, and (5) factors that raise significant concerns about the investee s ability to continue as a going concern, such as negative cash flows from operations, working capital deficiencies, or noncompliance with statutory capital requirements or debt covenants. Up to the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, none of the above the above factors have been applicable to the Company s investments. F-16 Table of Contents F-17 Table of Contents membership interest in SmplyLifted LLC. The other 50 of SmplyLifted is owned by SMPLSTC LLC and its principals, who are located in Costa Mesa, California. Under US GAAP, the Company used the equity method to account for its 50 membership interest in SmplyLifted. Under the equity method of accounting, the Company recorded its share (50 of SmplyLifted s earnings (or losses) as income (or losses) on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. The Company recorded its initial investment in SmplyLifted, which was , as an asset at historical cost. Under the equity method, the investment s value was periodically adjusted to reflect the changes in value due to Lifted s share in SmplyLifted s income or losses. During the 2020 Stub Year, the Company recognized a loss of from its membership interest in SmplyLifted, and wrote down the value of its investment in SmplyLifted to . During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a loss of from its membership interest in SmplyLifted. At December 31, 2021, Lifted Made wrote off its receivables from SmplyLifted, and its loans to SmplyLifted, which totaled . On February 9, 2022, Lifted Made signed an Agreement to sell its membership interest in SmplyLifted LLC to Corner Vapory LLC, an affiliate of NWarrender, CEO of Lifted, for , plus ninety-nine percent of any and all payments and other consideration received or owed to Corner Vapory LLC in regard to SmplyLifted s existing inventory of FR3SH brand tobacco-free nicotine pouches. Lifted had the option to re-purchase the 50 membership interest in SmplyLifted LLC from Corner Vapory LLC for in cash at any time on or before December 31, 2032. However, Lifted never exercised this option, and SmplyLifted was dissolved on November 28, 2022, due to insolvency. F-18 Table of Contents Leasehold Improvements Trade Show Booths Vehicles Computer Equipment Furniture Fixtures Sub-total: Less: accumulated depreciation The useful lives of the Company s property and equipment by asset class are as follows: months Leasehold Improvements months Trade Show Booth months Vehicles months Computer Equipment months Furniture Fixtures months Leasehold Improvements are depreciated over the shorter of the length of the lease or the estimated useful life. After allocating the annual depreciation of machinery and equipment of as overhead to finished goods, depreciation expense of was recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022. In comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021 and during the 2020 Stub Year, and , respectively, of depreciation related to machinery and equipment was allocated as overhead to finished goods. After allocating the annual depreciation of machinery and equipment as overhead to finished goods, during the year ended December 31, 2021 and during the 2020 Stub Year 2020, depreciation expense of and was recognized, respectively. In addition, in the Consolidated Statements of Operations, depreciation expense is consolidated with amortization expense. , used primarily for the purchase of inventory. As of December 31, 2021, imputed interest receivable on the loans totaled . As described above, at December 31, 2021, these notes and related interest receivable were written off. CBD Lion LLC On August 8, 2019, the Company made an unsecured loan to Lion (the Loan evidenced by a promissory note (the Note in connection with the proposed Merger Agreement with Lion. Per the terms of the Note, if the Transaction did not close and the merger agreement were terminated, then the Loan was to be repaid by Lion to the Company in six equal monthly installments of principal, together with accrued interest at the rate of 6 per year, with the first such installment due and payable by Lion to the Company on the first day of the first calendar month following the termination of the merger agreement. The Merger Agreement was terminated by the Company on November 14, 2019 and the Note became payable. During December 2019, the principal of the Note was repaid by Lion down to , and Lion also paid the accrued interest on the Note of . Due to termination of the Merger Agreement, and per Section 5.15(b) of the Merger Agreement, as of December 31, 2019 the Company owed CBD Lion for reimbursement of professional fees related to the audit of CBD Lion. F-19 Table of Contents as of December 31, 2019. On March 2, 2020, Lion and the Company agreed that the repayment of such will be made in eleven equal monthly installments of principal due and payable by Lion to the Company on the first day of each calendar month starting on April 1, 2020, and that no additional interest will accrue. All such eleven payments have been made by Lion through February 1, 2021. During the quarter ended March 31, 2020, The Company wrote off as bad debt interest of that was receivable from the CBD Lion for the period January 1, 2020 through March 1, 2020. The Company calculated imputed interest receivable of from CBD Lion for the period March 2, 2020 through December 31, 2020. The William Noyes Webster Foundation, Inc. The Foundation, a non-profit Massachusetts corporation, has received a provisional registration from the Commonwealth of Massachusetts to own and operate a medical marijuana cultivation facility in Plymouth, Massachusetts, and a medical marijuana dispensary in Dennis, Massachusetts. Jane W. Heatley Heatley is the founder and a member of the board of directors of the Foundation. Teaming Agreement The Company believes it is highly likely that the board of directors of the Foundation will only approve contracts that have been negotiated and approved by Heatley. Consequently, on July 8, 2014, the Company entered into a Teaming Agreement (the Teaming Agreement with Heatley, in which, among other things: (1) the Company and Heatley agreed to use their respective best efforts, working exclusively together as a team, and not as a partnership or other entity, in order to consummate transactions, agreements, contracts or other arrangements pursuant to which the Company will provide capital and expertise to the Foundation; and (2) Heatley agreed that Heatley shall not, and shall not permit the Foundation to, discuss or negotiate for debt or equity financing, or consulting services or other expertise, from any third party. The Company claims that Heatley violated the Teaming Agreement by discussing and negotiating for debt or equity financing, or consulting services or other expertise, from at least one third party. Heatley claims that the Company violated the Teaming Agreement alleging that the Company failed to lend funds to the Foundation in accordance with the Teaming Agreement. The Company believes Heatley s claim to be baseless. No assurances whatsoever can be made that Heatley will comply with the terms of the Teaming Agreement, nor that the Company will be able to adequately enforce the terms of the Teaming Agreement if it is ever the subject of litigation. Promissory Note On July 14, 2014, the Foundation signed and delivered to the Company a Secured Promissory Note (the Note which is in the stated loan amount of , and is secured by a Security Agreement of even date therewith (the Security Agreement ). The Note provides that the 1,500,000 loan may be advanced in one or more installments as the Foundation and the Company may mutually agree upon. The Foundation and the Company mutually agreed that the first installment of this loan would be . Pursuant to instructions from the Foundation, on July 14, 2014, the Company paid owed by the Foundation to one of its consultants, and the Company advanced directly to the Foundation. The amount and timing of subsequent loan installments under the Note, which could have totaled , had not yet been mutually agreed upon between the Foundation and the Company as of the date of the Note. Between April and July 2015, the Company loaned an additional to the Foundation, evidenced by the Note and secured by the Security Agreement. Following such additional loans, the principal of the loan from the Company to the Foundation, evidenced by the Note and secured by the Security Agreement, is now . The principal balance outstanding under the Note bore interest at the rate of per annum, compounded monthly. It was contemplated that the first payment of accrued interest by the Foundation under the Note would be made as soon after the Foundation commences operations of the Plymouth Cultivation Facility and the Dennis Dispensary as the Foundation s cash flows shall reasonably permit, but in any event no later than one year after the Foundation commences operations. The principal of the Note would be payable in eight consecutive equal quarterly installments, commencing on the last day of the calendar quarter in which the Foundation commences operations. Principal on the Note and related accrued interest would be considered past due if the aforementioned payments were not received by their due dates. Uncollectable Note and Interest Receivable The Company assessed the collectability of the Note based on the adequacy of the Foundation s collateral and the Foundation s capability of repaying the Note according to its terms. Based on this assessment, on September 1, 2015, the Company concluded that Note and interest receivable would not be collectible. As such, the Company wrote off the Note totaling and interest receivable totaling as bad debt expense on September 1, 2015. F-20 Table of Contents months, and and in amortization related to the website was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. in amortization related to the website was reported for the 2020 Stub Year. The Company reported net intangible assets of , and as of December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020, respectively. per month, plus supplemental lease related charges such as real estate taxes and common expenses of the property that we anticipate will be commercially typical costs. The sublease was retroactively effective as of June 1, 2022 and for a five-month term that ended on October 31, 2022. The purpose of the sublease is to make available office space for the members of Lifted Made's sales team who live in Chicago. These salespeople were spending significant time in their cars commuting from Chicago to Kenosha. The sublessor is one of our affiliates, Bill McLaughlin, Lifted s Chief Strategy Officer. The sublease is structured so that Mr. McLaughlin's lease payment obligations to the landlord are passed on to Lifted on a dollar-for-dollar basis, such that Mr. McLaughlin does not realize a cashflow profit or loss from the sublease. The sublease is currently operating on a month-to-month basis. Shipping Costs Lifted has shared a shipping account with a company operated by NWarrender s father, Robert T. Warrender II, who is also an employee of Lifted and a member of the board of directors of LFTD Partners Inc. Lifted did this in an effort to reduce shipping costs, as the shipper gave a price discount based on volume. Lifted reimbursed Robert T. Warrender II s company for the cost of shipping. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Robert T. Warrender II s company refunded Lifted a net amount of . During the year ended December 31, 2022, also, Lifted bought a manual fork lift from Robert T. Warrender II s company for a price that we believe reflected its fair market value. In comparison, during the year ended December 31, 2021, Lifted reimbursed Robert T. Warrender II in shipping costs. In comparison, during the 2020 Stub Year, Lifted reimbursed Robert T. Warrender II in shipping costs. Robert T. Warrender II In January 2022, Lifted hired Robert T. Warrender II, NWarrender s father, as an employee. Robert T. Warrender II is also a Director of LFTD Partners Inc. During the year ended December 31, 2022, in wages were paid to Robert T. Warrender II. As of December 31, 2022, in expense reimbursements were owed to Robert T. Warrender II. Robert T. Warrender III During the year ended December 31, 2022, in compensation was paid to Robert T. Warrender III, who is a salesman for Lifted Made, and who is NWarrender s brother, and Director Robert T. Warrender II s son. During the year ended December 31, 2021, in compensation was paid to Robert T. Warrender III. Robert T. Warrender III was hired as an independent contractor of Lifted in 2021; Robert T. Warrender III was not paid any compensation by Lifted during the 2020 Stub Year. On January 9, 2023, Robert T. Warrender III was hired by Lifted as an employee. Vincent J. Mesolella During the quarter ended March 31, 2022, Lead Outside Director Vincent J. Mesolella was paid of the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount. During each of quarter of 2022, Mr. Mesolella also received his quarterly director fee. There were no quarterly director fees or other compensation paid to Mr. Mesolella during the year ended December 31, 2021. During the 2020 Stub Year, Vincent J. Mesolella was paid commissions totaling , in connection with the sale of Lifted product arranged by him. F-21 Table of Contents of the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount. During each quarter of 2022, Dr. Bloom also received his quarterly director fee. Richard E. Morrissy During each quarter of 2022, Richard E. Morrissy, Director, received his quarterly director fee. James S. Jacobs During each quarter of 2022, Dr. James S. Jacobs, Director, received his quarterly director fee. Kevin J. Rocio During each quarter of 2022, Kevin J. Rocio, Director, received his quarterly director fee. Gerard M. Jacobs The Compensation Agreement contemplated an aggregate of being paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs upon the closing of the Company s acquisition of Lifted and an aggregate of 350,000 being paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs upon December 1, 2020, but such payments were not timely made, and pursuant to the Amendment No. 1 such aggregate of of compensation was deferred and made due and payable by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs together with interest accrued at the rate of annually commencing January 1, 2021, upon demand by GJacobs and WJacobs, and through the date of the Omnibus Agreement only of such deferred compensation had been paid to GJacobs (the remaining unpaid deferred compensation together with accrued interest is hereby referred to as the Deferred Compensation ). Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, the Deferred Compensation was paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs in January 2022. During the quarter ended March 31, 2022, GJacobs was also paid of the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount. On April 29, 2021, the Company paid GJacobs a portion of the bonus payable to GJacobs in regard to the closing of the acquisition of Lifted. On August 30, 2021, GJacobs exercised, for an aggregate purchase price of 1, his right to purchase a warrant to purchase an aggregate of shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, which warrant he immediately exercised. GJacobs also exercised his right to purchase an aggregate of shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share under separate warrants. GJacobs also demanded immediate payment of of the bonuses which are currently due and payable by the Company to GJacobs, and GJacobs allocated and applied such to pay for the aggregate cost of purchasing and exercising the above warrants. As of December 31, 2021, there was total interest of payable to GJacobs related to the Deferred Compensation. William C. Jake Jacobs As described above, the Compensation Agreement contemplated an aggregate of being paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs upon the closing of the Company s acquisition of Lifted and an aggregate of 350,000 being paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs upon December 1, 2020, but such payments were not timely made, and pursuant to the Amendment No. 1 such aggregate of 700,000 of compensation was deferred and made due and payable by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs together with interest accrued at the rate of annually commencing January 1, 2021, upon demand by GJacobs and WJacobs, and through the date of the Omnibus Agreement only of such deferred compensation had been paid to GJacobs (the remaining unpaid deferred compensation together with accrued interest is hereby referred to as the Deferred Compensation ). Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, the Deferred Compensation was paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs in January 2022. Moreover, pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement and simultaneously with such payment of the Deferred Compensation as set out above, the Company paid WJacobs a bonus of in January 2022. During the quarter ended March 31, 2022, WJacobs was also paid of the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount. F-22 Table of Contents payable to WJacobs related to the Deferred Compensation. 2,681 in income tax previously erroneously paid by WJacobs to the Illinois Department of Revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021, and refunded back to Lifted by the Illinois Department of Revenue in January 2021, was repaid to WJacobs during the quarter ended June 30, 2021. Nicholas S. Warrender On February 24, 2020 we closed on the acquisition of 100 of the ownership of CBD-infused products maker Warrender Enterprise Inc. d/b/a Lifted Made (formerly d/b/a Lifted Liquids) of Zion, Illinois (the Merger ), for consideration of (1) in cash, (2) in the form of a secured promissory note accruing interest of per year (the M Note ), (3) shares of unregistered common stock of the Company (the Stock Consideration ), (4) shares of unregistered common stock of the Company that constitute deferred contingent compensation to be issued and delivered to certain persons specified by NWarrender in a schedule delivered by NWarrender to the Company at the closing of the Merger (the Deferred Contingent Stock ), and (5) warrants to purchase an aggregate of shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share that will be issued and delivered to certain persons specified by NWarrender in a schedule delivered by NWarrender to the Company at the closing of the Merger (the Warrants ). On December 30, 2021, LIFD repaid all principal and interest due under the 3.75M Note between NWarrender and LIFD dated February 24, 2020 that was a portion of the Merger Consideration paid by LIFD to NWarrender under the Merger Agreement. Pursuant to the terms of that promissory note, the unpaid balance of the note accrued interest at the rate of 2 per annum. On December 30, 2021, NWarrender kept 1,000,000 of the repayment, plus accrued interest, and on January 3, 2022, reloaned back to LIFD at the rate of 2.5 (the 2.75M Note ). Prior to July 25, 2022 the M Note payable jointly by the Company and Lifted to NWarrender was secured by a perfected first lien security interest (the Security Interest that encumbered all of the assets of the Company and Lifted. The Company was obligated to pay off the principal of the M Note in five semi-annual payments to NWarrender of and a sixth and final semi-annual payment to NWarrender of , in each case plus accrued interest, starting on June 30, 2022. On June 7, 2022, LFTD Partners prepaid of the principal of the M Note, and of related accrued interest through that date, which left remaining principal on the 2.75M Note. On July 5, 2022, we entered into an agreement Acceleration Agreement with NWarrender. Under the terms of the Acceleration Agreement, we were obligated to repay the remaining principal balance as follows: on or before December 31, 2022, and on or before December 31, 2024. Then, on July 8, 2022, we prepaid , along with accrued interest, and then, on July 25, 2022, we prepaid the remaining principal balance of and accrued interest in full, and all collateral securing the M Note was released. Bonus During the quarter ended March 31, 2022, NWarrender was also paid of the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount. Obligation to Purchase Headquarters Building Toward the end of 2020, NWarrender, through his assigned entity 95th Holdings, LLC, purchased a building located at 5511 95th Avenue in Kenosha, Wisconsin 5511 Building that was immediately leased to us to conduct our expanded operations. The 5511 Building includes office, laboratory and warehouse space. As part of the lease agreement with 95th Holdings, LLC, the parties agreed that our wholly owned subsidiary Lifted would eventually purchase the 5511 Building. The purchase price for the 5511 Building was originally subject to variation based on a formula agreed upon by the parties. Pursuant to an agreement with Warrender on December 30, 2021, the parties agreed to set the purchase price for the 5511 Building at . Prior to the Acceleration Agreement, Lifted had an obligation to complete the purchase of the 5511 Building on or before December 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Acceleration Agreement, the deadline to purchase the 5511 Building has been extended by one year to December 31, 2023. In addition, the Acceleration Agreement contains a provision that if we raise of debt or equity capital, then Lifted or our designee shall purchase the 5511 Building from 95th Holdings, LLC at the agreed upon purchase price within two days. F-23 Table of Contents shall be paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs on December 1, 2021, but has not yet been paid (the December 1, 2021 Compensation ). Pursuant to the Omnibus Agreement, the December 1, 2021 Compensation was terminated, but provided that GJacobs and WJacobs have not resigned as officers of the Company on or before December 31, 2022, an aggregate of 500,000 in bonuses shall be paid by the Company to GJacobs and WJacobs. This aggregate of 500,000 in bonuses to GJacobs and WJacobs is in addition to the 300,000 bonus payable to WJacobs described in the preceding section. On February 14, 2022, pursuant to the Amended Omnibus Agreement, , respectively, on December 30, 2022. Warrender Enterprise Inc. As of December 31, 2021, was owed by Lifted to Warrender Enterprise Inc., an affiliate of NWarrender; this was related to an income tax refund related to Warrender Enterprise Inc. that was deposited into Lifted s account. This money was returned to NWarrender in the first quarter of 2022, and Lifted did not owe any money to Warrender Enterprise Inc. at December 31, 2022. SmplyLifted LLC On a quarterly basis, SmplyLifted LLC reimbursed Lifted for WJacobs time as the Chief Financial Officer at WJacobs hourly rate. As of December 31, 2021, SmplyLifted LLC owed to Lifted as reimbursement for WJacobs time as the Chief Financial Officer. Lifted was reimbursed this in January 2022. As of December 31, 2021, SmplyLifted LLC also owed to Lifted for employee wage reimbursement. On February 2, 2021, Lifted owed SmplyLifted ; on February 10, 2021, Lifted paid SmplyLifted the . As of March 31, 2021, Lifted owed SmplyLifted . Between April 1, 2021 and April 5, 2021, Lifted paid SmplyLifted the . During the quarter ended September 30, 2022, SMPLSTC, one of Lifted s partners in SmplyLifted, wrote a check to Lifted for on behalf of SmplyLifted LLC, to cover two third-party accounting-related invoices of SmplyLifted. SMPLSTC s check was short of the total of the two invoices by . Lifted paid the remaining that SmplyLifted owed one of the third party accounting firms and wrote off the corresponding receivable from SmplyLifted, due to the lack of collectability from SmplyLifted because of SmplyLifted s insolvency. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, Lifted paid a debt on behalf of SmplyLifted, and wrote off the corresponding receivable from SmplyLifted. Corner Vapory LLC NWarrender is a 50 owner in Corner Vapory LLC. Corner Vapory LLC owns a vape shop (called Corner Vapory), and Canna Vita, a CBD shop, both located in Kenosha, Wisconsin. The other owners of Corner Vapory LLC consist of Lifted s Director of Operations and his wife. During the year ended December 31, 2022, Corner Vapory LLC purchased worth of products from Lifted, and Lifted did not report any receivable from Corner Vapory as of December 31, 2022. Lifted did write off its receivable of from Corner Vapory as of September 30, 2022. F-24 Table of Contents worth of products from Lifted, and Lifted recorded a receivable of from Corner Vapory LLC as of December 31, 2021. In comparison, during the 2020 Stub Year, Corner Vapory LLC purchased worth of products from Lifted, and Lifted recorded a receivable of from Corner Vapory LLC as of December 31, 2020. 95th Holdings, LLC From June 1, 2018 through June 1, 2021, Lifted rented square feet of space located in Zion, Illinois, for manufacturing, warehousing and office space. From June 1, 2021 through November 2021, Lifted leased such space on a month-to-month basis. From May 2020 until April 1, 2021, Lifted also temporarily used additional space located adjacent to its rented space in Zion, Illinois, and made payments in lieu of rent therefor. Lifted s rented space in Zion, Illinois, was not adequate in light of various issues including zoning uncertainties, lack of air conditioning, and small size. As such, on December 18, 2020, Lifted as tenant entered into a Lease Agreement (the Lease) with 95 th Holdings, LLC Landlord for office, laboratory and warehouse space in a building located at 5511 95 th Avenue, in the City of Kenosha, State of Wisconsin (the Premises ). The lease commencement date was January 1, 2021, and lease termination date is January 1, 2026. Lifted constructed improvements including a clean room, and gradually moved into the Kenosha Premises over the course of the first quarter of 2021. Under the terms of the triple-net Lease, starting on January 1, 2021, Lifted leased approximately square feet at the Premises at per square foot per year in base rent .94 in 2021), which is subject to a increase in base rent each year, plus certain operating expenses and taxes. The Lease will continue until midnight on the fifth anniversary date of the commencement date of the Lease. Lifted shall have the right to extend the original five year term of the Lease for one extension period of two years, commencing upon the expiration of the original term. Lifted and Landlord are required to execute an Amendment of Extension prior to six months before the expiration of the original term. Rent Schedule .75 January 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 .57 January 1, 2023 December 31, 2023 .68 January 1, 2024 December 31, 2024 .13 January 1, 2025 December 31, 2025 .97 Under the terms of the lease, the tenant, Lifted, has the option to purchase the property at any time prior to December 31, 2025, and in any event, Lifted is obligated to purchase the property on or before that date. Pursuant to the Lease, in all cases Lifted s purchase price for the Premises shall be in an amount equal to the greater of: (1) the fair market value of the Premises at the time Lifted purchases the Premises; or (2) any remaining principal balance of any purchase-money mortgage for the Premises existing at the time of the closing of Lifted s purchase, plus the corresponding amount identified in the Additional Purchase Price Schedule attached as Exhibit B to the Lease, which is an additional amount ranging between 300,000 and based on the number of years that have passed between the commencement of the Lease and the purchase of the Premises by Lifted. Landlord is an entity owned by NWarrender, the Company s Vice Chairman and COO, the CEO of Lifted, and the largest stockholder of the Company as beneficial owner of common stock shares. Due to the potential conflict of interest, the terms and conditions of the Lease were negotiated on behalf of Lifted by Vincent J. Mesolella, the Lead Outside Director of the Company. Landlord and Lifted were represented by their own independent legal counsel in connection with the Lease. Under the terms of the Lease, NWarrender is able to benefit through his entity 95 th Holdings, LLC by receiving rent and by eventually selling the Premises to Lifted. Under the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, Lifted is obligated to purchase the Premises from Landlord on or before December 31, 2022 for a fixed purchase price of 1,375,000. Pursuant to the terms of the Acceleration Agreement, the purchase date has been delayed until on or before December 31, 2023. Financing Warrants On July 13, 2018, the Audit Committee, Compensation Committee, and full Board of Directors of LIFD approved by unanimous written consent borrowings by LIFD on the following terms: . F-25 Table of Contents had been borrowed by LIFD on such terms, and warrants to purchase shares of common stock of LIFD had been issued to Joshua A. Bloom and warrants to purchase shares of common stock of LIFD had been issued to GJacobs. As of December 31, 2018, there was also a total of in interest payable to Joshua A. Bloom and GJacobs, related to these borrowings. The warrants to purchase common stock that were issued to Joshua A. Bloom and GJacobs on July 16, 2018 and July 18, 2018 were valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model as of the date they were issued. The values of these warrants were fully expensed because the notes were payable upon demand. The expense recognized related to the issuance of the warrants to Joshua A. Bloom on July 16, 2018 was . GJacobs warrants were issued to him on July 18, 2018, and the expense recognized related to the issuance of these warrants was . The warrants to purchase common stock that were issued to GJacobs on November 8, 2018, and to Joshua A. Bloom on November 12, 2018, were valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model, which incorporated the following assumptions: expected future stock volatility ; risk-free interest rates of and , respectively; dividend yield of and an expected terms of years and years, respectively. The expected future stock volatility was based on the volatility of LIFD s historical stock prices. The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Federal treasury rate for instruments due over the expected term of the warrants. The expected term of each warrant was based on the midpoint between the date the warrant vests and the contractual term of the warrant. The values of the warrants were fully expensed as of the date of issuance because they are payable upon demand. The expense recognized related to the issuance of the warrants to GJacobs on November 8, 2018 was . The expense recognized related to the issuance of the warrants to Joshua A. Bloom on November 12, 2018 was . On January 7, 2019, GJacobs loaned to the Company . In exchange, a warrant to purchase shares of common stock of LIFD was issued to GJacobs. This warrant was valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model as of the date it was issued. The value of this warrant was fully expensed because the loan was payable upon demand. The expense recognized related to the issuance of the warrant to GJacobs on January 7, 2019 was . On January 21, 2019, GJacobs loaned to the Company . In exchange, a warrant to purchase shares of common stock of LIFD was issued to GJacobs. This warrant was valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model as of the date it was issued. The value of this warrant was fully expensed because the loan was payable upon demand. The expense recognized related to the issuance of the warrant to GJacobs on January 21, 2019 was . On February 6, 2019, GJacobs loaned to the Company . In exchange, a warrant to purchase shares of common stock of LIFD was issued to GJacobs. This warrant was valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model as of the date it was issued. The value of this warrant was fully expensed because the loan was payable upon demand. The expense recognized related to the issuance of the warrant to GJacobs on February 6, 2019 was . On March 13, 2019, all of these borrowings and the related interest payable to Joshua A. Bloom and GJacobs was repaid. In total, was paid to Joshua A. Bloom, and was paid to GJacobs. On August 30, 2021, GJacobs exercised, for an aggregate purchase price of , his right to purchase a warrant to purchase an aggregate of shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, which warrant he immediately exercised. GJacobs also exercised his right to purchase an aggregate of shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share under separate warrants. GJacobs also demanded immediate payment of of the bonuses which are currently due and payable by the Company to GJacobs, and GJacobs hereby allocated and applied such 8,439 to pay for the aggregate cost of purchasing and exercising the above warrants. F-26 Table of Contents of Estimated Tax Distributions based upon good faith estimates of such federal and state income tax obligations of NWarrender calculated by a third party tax preparation firm. (the Purchase all of the shares of the Company s common stock (the Shares owned by Matthew Ghourdjian Ghourdjian and by the Deborah Sue Ghourdjian Separate Property Trust Ghourdjian Trust ). Prior to the closing of the Purchase, Ghourdjian and the Ghourdjian Trust orally expressed uncertainty as to whether or not certain of the Shares totaling shares (the 166,888 Shares had already been orally sold by Ghourdjian and the Ghourdjian Trust to a third party. With Ghourdjian and the Ghourdjian Trust being unable to find any evidence of such a sale of the 166,888 Shares but also being unable to locate the physical stock certificates evidencing the 166,888 Shares, the Ghourdjian Settlement Agreement was written so that the Company purchased from Ghourdjian and the Ghourdjian Trust all of the Shares owned by Ghourdjian or by the Ghourdjian Trust, and stipulated that the aggregate number of the Shares without the 166,888 Shares was a minimum of shares (the 690,796 Shares ). At the closing of the Purchase, the Company paid for the Shares and Ghourdjian and the Ghourdjian Trust delivered to the Company certificates evidencing the 690,796 Shares. The 166,888 Shares continued to be shown on the books of Colonial Stock Transfer as being owned by Ghourdjian and the Ghourdjian Trust. On April 2, 2020 the Shares were cancelled. Issuance of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock The Company has authorized shares of its Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. after the first date that the Series A Registration Statement is effective, and there have been, on average, at least 25,000 shares traded on each of those 20 consecutive trading days. The Series A Convertible Preferred Stock have no voting rights. The holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock shall have voluntary conversion rights. Shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock are subject to mandatory conversion (in the discretion of the Company) at such time as the Company s common stock has closed at 5.00 per share or higher for 20 consecutive trading days after the first date that the Series A Registration Statement is effective, and there have been, on average, at least 50,000 shares traded on each of those 20 consecutive trading days. Between February 27, 2019 and May 13, 2019, the Company accepted subscriptions from accredited investors to purchase shares of newly issued Series A Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of in cash. These shares of Series A Preferred Stock are convertible at the option of the holders into shares of newly issued common stock of the Company, or per share of common stock of the Company. The Series A Preferred Stock will receive an annual dividend, and will be subject to mandatory conversion, under terms and conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designation of the Series A Preferred Stock. On August 2, 2019, the Company filed a Form S-1 Registration Statement covering the shares of newly issued common stock of the Company into which the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock can be converted. On July 6, 2020, the Company filed with the SEC an amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. On December 10, 2020, the Company filed with the SEC a second amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. On June 2, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a third amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. On July 2, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a fourth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. On July 26, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a fifth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. On August 19, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a sixth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series A Preferred Stock may be converted. The Registration Statement was approved deemed effective by the SEC on August 26, 2021. . F-27 Table of Contents and , respectively, as dividends payable to holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company fully intends on paying the annual dividends to the holders of the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock, and as such, the Company has accrued the liability on the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and , respectively, of cash dividends were paid to the Series A Convertible Preferred Stock holders. All of the issuances of securities described above were restricted share issuances and deemed to be exempt from registration in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Each investor represented that they were accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D and, there was no general solicitation or general advertising used to market the securities. We made available to each investor disclosure of all aspects of our business, including providing the investor with press releases, access to our auditors, and other financial, business, and corporate information. All securities issued were restricted with an appropriate restrictive legend on certificates for notes and warrants issued stating that the securities (and underlying shares) have not been registered under the Securities Act and cannot be sold or otherwise transferred without an effective registration or an exemption therefrom. Issuance of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock The Company has authorized shares of its Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. after the first date that the Series B Registration Statement is effective, and there have been, on average, at least 25,000 shares traded on each of those 20 consecutive trading days. The Series B Convertible Preferred Stock have no voting rights. The holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock shall have voluntary conversion rights. Shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock are subject to mandatory conversion (in the discretion of the Company) at such time as the Company s common stock has closed at 9.00 per share or higher for 20 consecutive trading days after the first date that the Series B Registration Statement is effective, and there have been, on average, at least 50,000 shares traded on each of those 20 consecutive trading days. Between July 24, 2019 and December 5, 2019, the Company accepted subscriptions from accredited investors to purchase shares of newly issued Series B Preferred Stock for an aggregate purchase price of in cash. These shares of Series B Preferred Stock are convertible at the option of the holder into shares of newly issued common stock of the Company. The Series B Preferred Stock will receive an annual dividend, and will be subject to mandatory conversion, under terms and conditions set forth in the Certificate of Designation of the Series B Preferred Stock. On August 2, 2019, the Company filed a Form S-1 Registration Statement covering the shares of newly issued common stock of the Company into which the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock can be converted. On July 6, 2020, the Company filed with the SEC an amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. On December 10, 2020, the Company filed with the SEC a second amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. On June 2, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a third amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. On July 2, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a fourth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. On July 26, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a fifth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. On August 19, 2021, the Company filed with the SEC a sixth amended Registration Statement on Form S-1/A covering 30 of the common stock shares into which the Series B Preferred Stock may be converted. The Registration Statement was approved deemed effective by the SEC on August 26, 2021. . F-28 Table of Contents and , respectively as dividends payable to holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. The Company fully intends on paying the annual dividends to the holders of the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock, and as such, the Company has accrued the liability on the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, and , respectively, of cash dividends were paid to the Series B Convertible Preferred Stock holders. All of the issuances of securities described above were restricted share issuances and deemed to be exempt from registration in reliance on Rule 506 of Regulation D and/or Section 4(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Each investor represented that they were accredited investors, as defined in Rule 501 of Regulation D and, there was no general solicitation or general advertising used to market the securities. We made available to each investor disclosure of all aspects of our business, including providing the investor with press releases, access to our auditors, and other financial, business, and corporate information. All securities issued were restricted with an appropriate restrictive legend on certificates for notes and warrants issued stating that the securities (and underlying shares) have not been registered under the Securities Act and cannot be sold or otherwise transferred without an effective registration or an exemption therefrom. Share-Based Compensation No stock compensation expense of was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. In comparison, during the 2020 Stub Year, the Company recognized in share-based compensation related to the issuance of warrants to GJacobs. The Company also recognized in share-based compensation related to the issuance of warrants to WJacobs. These warrants were issued to GJacobs and WJacobs pursuant to the June 19, 2019 Compensation Agreement, which authorized the issuance of certain warrants to GJacobs and WJacobs upon the execution of employment agreements, which were signed on February 24, 2020 upon the closing of the acquisition of Lifted. The five-year warrants give GJacobs the right to purchase shares of common stock of LIFD exercisable at per share. The five-year warrants give WJacobs the right to purchase 225,000 shares of common stock of LIFD exercisable at 5.00 per share. The warrants were valued using the Black-Scholes valuation model as of the date of issuance, assuming an estimated life of years and estimated future volatility of . The following is a summary of share-based compensation, stock option and warrant activity as of December 31, 2022 and changes during the year then ended: Warrants exercised during Q1 2022 Exercisable Options, Warrants, Rights to Purchase Warrants to Purchase Common Stock and Financing Warrants Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Outstanding Options, Warrants, Rights to Purchase Warrants to Purchase Common Stock and Financing Warrants, December 31, 2022 Upon the execution of GJacobs employment agreement on . F-29 Table of Contents shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. On March 2, 2021, shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. On March 5, 2021, shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. On March 9, 2021, shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. On March 18, 2021, shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. On March 18, 2021, shares of Series B Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. On March 22, 2021, shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of common stock. Exercise of Warrant On April 14, 2021, a non-affiliate shareholder exercised his warrant to purchase shares of unregistered common stock for per share. Settlement with Mark Burrier, Kevin R. Sarsany and RCM Securities On June 1, 2021, . Conversions of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock to Shares of Common Stock On May 24, 2021, shares of Series A Convertible Preferred Stock were converted into shares of the Company s common stock. Stock Buy-back Transactions with a Non-Affiliate Stockholder and Retirement of Shares of Common Stock Held in Treasury On November 24, 2020, LFTD Partners purchased 36,000 shares of common stock of the Company from a non-affiliate stockholder in a private transaction for 0.95 per share for a total of 34,200. These shares were held in treasury until August 31, 2021, which is when the Company retired them. The retirement of these shares was accounted for under the cost method of accounting. On January 8, 2021, LFTD Partners Inc. purchased 36,000 shares of common stock of the Company from a non-affiliate stockholder in a private transaction for 0.95 per share for a total of 34,200. These shares were held in treasury until August 31, 2021, which is when the Company retired them. The retirement of these shares was accounted for under the cost method of accounting. Exercise of Warrants by Gerard M. Jacobs On August 30, 2021, GJacobs exercised, for an aggregate purchase price of , his right to purchase a warrant to purchase an aggregate of shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of 0.01 per share, which warrant he immediately exercised. GJacobs also exercised his right to purchase an aggregate of shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share under separate warrants. GJacobs also demanded immediate payment of of the bonuses which are currently due and payable by the Company to GJacobs, and GJacobs hereby allocated and applied such to pay for the aggregate cost of purchasing and exercising the above warrants. F-30 Table of Contents , his right to purchase a warrant to purchase an aggregate of shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, which warrant he immediately exercised and paid for, and he also exercised an option to purchase shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, which he paid. Exercise of Option by Richard E. Morrissy On September 15, 2021, director Richard E. Morrissy exercised an option to purchase shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, which he paid. Exercise of Option by Joshua A. Bloom On September 22, 2021, director Joshua A. Bloom exercised an option to purchase shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, which he paid. Exercise of Option by a Non-Affiliated Shareholder On September 26, 2021, a non-affiliated shareholder of the Company exercised an option to purchase shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, which she paid. Exercise of Warrant by a Non-Affiliated Shareholder On December 7, 2021, a non-affiliated shareholder of the Company exercised a warrant to purchase shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, which he paid. Exercise of Warrant by a Non-Affiliated Entity On February 19, 2022, an entity non-affiliated with the Company exercised an option to purchase shares of unregistered common stock of the Company at an exercise price of per share, which the entity paid. Stock Buy-back Transactions with a Non-Affiliate Stockholder Stock and Retirement of 100,000 Shares of Common Stock On March 1, 2022, LFTD Partners signed an agreement to purchase a total of 100,000 shares of common stock of the Company from a non-affiliate stockholder in a private transaction for 1.50 per share for a total purchase price of 150,000. On March 8, 2022, all 100,000 shares were transferred to the Company and immediately cancelled. Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock by a Non-Affiliated Shareholder On April 1, 2022, a non-affiliated shareholder of the Company converted his shares of Series A Preferred Stock into shares of unregistered common stock of the Company. Conversion of Series A Preferred Stock by a Non-Affiliated Shareholder On April 14, 2022, a non-affiliated shareholder of the Company converted shares of his Series A Preferred Stock into shares of unregistered common stock of the Company. F-31 Table of Contents shares of common stock of the Company. Due to the potential conflict of interest, the terms and conditions of the Lease were negotiated on behalf of Lifted by Vincent J. Mesolella, the Lead Outside Director of the Company. Landlord and Lifted were represented by their own independent legal counsel in connection with the Lease. Under the terms of the Lease, NWarrender is able to benefit through his ownership of Landlord by Landlord s receiving rent and eventually selling the Premises to Lifted. Lifted constructed improvements to the Premises including a clean room, and gradually moved into the Premises over the course of the first quarter of 2021. Under the terms of the triple-net Lease, starting on January 1, 2021, Lifted leased approximately 11,238 square feet at the Premises at per square foot per year in base rent .94 in 2021), which is subject to a increase in base rent each year, plus certain operating expenses and taxes. The Lease will continue until midnight on the fifth anniversary date of the commencement date of the Lease. Lifted shall have the right to extend the original five year term of the Lease for one extension period of two years, commencing upon the expiration of the original term. Lifted and Landlord are required to execute an Amendment of Extension prior to six months before the expiration of the original term. Rent Schedule .75 January 1, 2022 December 31, 2022 .57 January 1, 2023 December 31, 2023 .68 January 1, 2024 December 31, 2024 .13 January 1, 2025 December 31, 2025 .97 Under the terms of the Omnibus Agreement, Lifted was obligated to purchase the Premises from Landlord on or before December 31, 2022 for a fixed purchase price of . As a result, as of December 31, 2021, the Company modified its methodology for accounting of this finance lease (the Modification Date ), such that the only liability recognized as of December 31, 2021 was a current (within one year) liability, and there was no long-term liability recognized. An immaterial loss on lease modification of was also recognized as of the Modification Date. The Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset value was reduced to reflect the fixed purchase price agreed to under the Omnibus Agreement. Pursuant to the Acceleration Agreement, Lifted s obligation to purchase the Premises from Landlord was delayed to on or before December 31, 2023. Prior to the signing of the Acceleration Agreement, the Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset was to be amortized over its useful life (39 years) on a prospective basis from the Modification Date. That is, the Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset was previously amortized over the lease term, but given mandatory purchase by December 31, 2022, the Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset will be amortized over 39 years starting on the Modification Date. As a result of the signing of the Acceleration Agreement, the accounting for the Finance Lease Right-of-Use Asset will be adjusted accordingly. Lease of Space Located at 8920 58th Place, Suite 850, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 On September 23, 2021, Lifted entered into a Lease Agreement (the 58 th Lease with TI Investors of Kenosha LLC, TI for office and warehouse space (the 58 th Suite 850 located at 8920 58th Place, Suite 850, Kenosha, WI 53144. The 58 th Suite 850 serve as sales offices and finished goods storage for Lifted. The term of the 58 th Lease commenced on October 1, 2021. The initial term of the Lease will extend approximately three year, unless earlier terminated in accordance with the terms and conditions of the 58 th Lease. While extensions are not prohibited, Lifted does not have the right to unilaterally elect to extend the term of the 58 th Lease for an additional term. Under the terms of the 58 th Lease, Lifted leases approximately 5,000 square feet of the 58 th Suite 850 and pays a base square foot charge of per square foot per annum, with a increase in rent each year during the term. Lifted is also be responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating costs. This lease is accounted for as an operating lease. Rent Schedule .84 10/01/2022 09/30/2023 .72 10/01/2023 09/30/2024 .75 F-32 Table of Contents per square foot per annum, with increases in rent each year during the term as set out in the table titled Rent Schedule below. Lifted is also responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating costs. This lease is accounted for as an operating lease. Rent Schedule .00 01/01/2023 12/31/2023 .00 01/01/2024 12/31/2024 .60 01/01/2025 12/31/2025 .91 01/01/2026 12/31/2026 .34 Lease of Space Located at 9560 58th Place, Suite 360, Kenosha, Wisconsin 53144 On May 31, 2022, Lifted entered into another lease agreement with TI for office and warehouse space located at 9560 58th Place, Suite 360, Kenosha, WI 53144 (the Third 58 th Lease ). The Third 58 th Lease is expected to be used for gummy manufacturing, as well as provide additional needed office space. The term of the Third 58 th Lease commenced on July 1, 2022 (the Commencement Date ). The initial term of the Third 58 th Lease will extend approximately five years from the Commencement Date and ending June 30, 2027, unless extended or earlier terminated in accordance with the Lease. While extensions are not prohibited, Lifted does not have the right to unilaterally elect to extend the term of the Third 58 th Lease for an additional term. Under the terms of the Third 58 th Lease, Lifted leases approximately 6,132 square feet at 9560 58th Place, Suite 360, Kenosha, WI 53144 and pay an initial base square foot charge of per square foot per annum, with increases in rent each year during the term as set out in the table titled Rent Schedule below. Lifted is also responsible for paying its proportionate share of real estate taxes and other operating cost. This lease is accounted for as an operating lease. Rent Schedule .25 07/01/2023 06/30/2024 .58 07/01/2024 06/30/2025 .35 07/01/2025 06/30/2026 .63 07/01/2026 06/30/2027 .52 Sublease of Space Located at 2701-09 West Fulton PH, Chicago, Illinois 60612 On July 6, 2022, Lifted entered into a sublease for office space in Chicago, Illinois located at 2701-09 West Fulton PH, Chicago, Illinois 60612. The sublease costs per month, plus supplemental lease related charges such as real estate taxes and common expenses of the property that we anticipate will be commercially typical costs. The sublease was retroactively effective as of June 1, 2022 and for a five-month term that ended on October 31, 2022. The purpose of the sublease is to make available office space for the members of Lifted s sales team who live in Chicago. These salespeople were spending significant time in their cars commuting from Chicago to Kenosha. The sublessor is one of our affiliates, Bill McLaughlin, Lifted s Chief Strategy Officer. The sublease is structured so that Mr. McLaughlin's lease payment obligations to the landlord are passed on to Lifted on a dollar-for-dollar basis, such that Mr. McLaughlin does not realize a cashflow profit or loss from the sublease. The sublease is currently operating on a month-to-month basis. Since the term is less than twelve months, this lease is not recorded on the Consolidated Balance Sheet, and lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. F-33 Table of Contents per square foot per annum, with a increase in rent each twelve months thereafter during the term as set out in the table titled Rent Schedule below. This lease is accounted for as an operating lease. Rent Schedule .00 March 1, 2023 February 29, 2024 .73 March 1, 2024 February 28, 2025 .56 March 1, 2025 February 28, 2026 .82 March 1, 2026 February 28, 2027 .73 March 1, 2027 February 29, 2028 .52 Lease of Space in Zion, Illinois From June 1, 2018 through June 1, 2021, Lifted rented 3,300 square feet of space located in Zion, Illinois, for manufacturing, warehousing and office space. From June 1, 2021 through November 2021, Lifted leased such space on a month-to-month basis. From May 2020 until April 1, 2021, Lifted also temporarily used additional space located adjacent to its rented space in Zion, Illinois, and made payments in lieu of rent therefor. Third Party Facilities From time to time, the Company maintains inventory at third party manufacturer or copacker facilities around the USA. Balance Sheet Classification of Operating Lease Assets and Liabilities Liability Balance Sheet Line December 31, 2022 Operating Lease Liabilities Current Liabilities Non-Current Liabilities Balance Sheet Classification of Finance Lease Assets and Liabilities Liability Balance Sheet Line December 31, 2022 Finance Lease Liabilities Current Liabilities F-34 Table of Contents Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease expense Total As described in NOTE 1 BASIS OF PRESENTATION AND SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES , a portion of monthly overhead costs such as lease expense are allocated to finished goods. For example, monthly overhead costs such as payments for rent, utilities, insurance, and indirect labor are allocated to finished goods based on the estimated percentage cost toward the finished goods. Depreciation expense related to certain machinery and equipment is also allocated to finished goods. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total Less: Present value discount Lease liability The Maturity Analysis of Operating Leases as of December 31, 2022 includes the payment obligations for the lease of the space located at 5732 95th Avenue, Suites 200 and 300, Kenosha, WI 53144 because even though this lease term commences on February 1, 2023, the lease had been executed on November 28, 2022. Potential Issuance of Warrants to Purchase Shares of Common Stock of the Company The Compensation Committee of the Company s Board of Directors may, from time to time, recommend that certain warrants to purchase shares of common stock of the Company should be issued to new or current members of the Company s Board of Directors, to officers and employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, or to members of any advisory board or consultants to the Company. Bonus to Lifted s Chief Strategy Officer Lifted s Chief Strategy Officer hired on July 1, 2021 has developed and implemented certain important strategies which have assisted Lifted s efforts to increase its production, fulfillment and sales capabilities. This employee s two-year agreement with Lifted entitles such Chief Strategy Officer to be paid an annual salary of plus a bonus equal to of total net sales for Lifted in excess of per quarter. At December 31, 2022, the bonus payable to the Chief Strategy Officer totaled . In comparison, at December 31, 2021, the bonus payable to the Chief Strategy Officer totaled . This bonus is accrued for in the Accounts Payable and Accrued Expenses liability account on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool Please refer to NOTE 13 COMPANY-WIDE MANAGEMENT BONUS POOL for more information about the company-wide management bonus pool. Payment of Brokers Fees Related to the Sale of Preferred Stock The Company has committed to pay brokers fees in regard to the capital being raised for the Company by such brokers in the Company s private placements of preferred stock, such fee to consist of warrants to purchase unregistered shares of common stock of the Company at an exercise price equal to the conversion price per share of such preferred stock, exercisable at any time during a five year period; the number of such shares will be calculated as six percent of the aggregate capital raised by such brokers in the private placement of preferred stock divided by the conversion price per share of such preferred stock. Other C ontingent C ontractual O bligations and C ommercial C ommitments For other contingent contractual obligations and commercial commitments, please refer to NOTE 8 RELATED PARTY TRANSACTIONS . F-35 Table of Contents that was to be held in escrow. The Company is also requesting approximately in damages resulting from Girish GPO s failure to pay for product it ordered and that the Company delivered. The Company has obtained a default judgment against the Law Offices of Saul Roffe and is attempting to collect on the judgment. The action against Girish GPO is in the discovery phase and the Company intends to continue pursuing the action and recover its damages. (2) Lifted Liquids, Inc. v. Asad Awawdeh and Habib Cash and Carry SD, Inc. The Company has filed an action seeking to recover approximately in damages resulting from Defendants failure to pay for product they ordered. The matter has been filed in California and the Company intends to pursue the action and recover its damages. (3) Lifted Liquids, Inc. v. DEV Distribution, LLC , No, DC-22-15080 In October 2022, Lifted filed an action against Dev Distribution LLC, a vendor who failed to deliver certain products that Lifted has purchased and paid for. The case is pending in the State of Texas 14th Civil District Court of Dallas County and is in its early stages. Lifted has amended the complaint to seek the return of its molds and its packaging materials as well as other damages as a result of the vendor's actions. Lifted currently is involved in one pending lawsuit, as the defendant: (1) Martha, Edgar v. Lifted Liquids Edgar Martha, who worked as an independent contractor in Lifted s production facility, has sued Lifted in regard to an alleged chemical burn. Mr. Martha has expressed to Lifted s attorney that Mr. Martha is inclined to settle the case for . However, there can be no assurance or guarantee that the case can be settled for , as the medical bills in the case are significant and Mr. Martha s medical insurance carrier has refused coverage. On February 1, 2022, Lifted entered into a settlement agreement that was mutually acceptable to the parties which has resolved the following lawsuit: (1) Lifted Liquids, Inc. v. Monkey Bones Distribution LLC (United States Circuit Court for Kenosha County of the State of Wisconsin; Civil Case No. 2021 CV 001196). F-36 Table of Contents .28 paid by Monkey Bones to Lifted Liquids and custom gray scale empty disposable devices delivered to Monkey Bones by Lifted Liquids. The parties performed the settlement agreement and the matter was dismissed on February 3, 2022. (the Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount ), which was the aggregate amount that was accrued for in LIFD s financial statements covering the period from January 1, 2021 through September 30, 2021. The Modified 2021 Bonus Pool Amount was distributed during the quarter ended March 31, 2022. Pursuant to the Amended Omnibus Agreement, the 2022 company-wide bonus pool shall not be allowed to be accrued or paid by LIFD if and to the extent that doing so would decrease LIFD s 2022 diluted earnings per share of common stock below per share. As of September 30, 2022, the Company did not meet the diluted earnings per share of common stock requirement of per share 0.56 x 3/4), and as a result, the Company eliminated the company-wide bonus pool accrual of , which had been accrued through June 30, 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company did pay bonuses totaling to certain members of the management team of Lifted; however, none of this 233,336 went to GJacobs, WJacobs or NWarrender, and it is accounted for as Company-Wide Management Bonus Pool expense on the Consolidated Statements of Operations. This 223,336 will be deducted from the anticipated 2023 company-wide bonus pool on a dollar-for-dollar basis. In comparison, as of December 31, 2021, the Company reported a company-wide bonus pool accrual of 1,556,055. federal dividends received deduction prospectively. In addition, the Tax Act required a one-time transitional tax on foreign cash equivalents and previously unremitted earnings. Several of the new provisions enacted as part of the Tax Act require clarification and guidance from the U.S. Internal Revenue Service IRS and Treasury Department. These or other changes in U.S. tax laws could impact our profits, effective tax rate, and cash flows. Significant components on the Company s income tax provision for continuing operations is as follows: Domestic-State Texas Franchise Tax Foreign - Deferred Domestic-Federal Domestic-State Foreign Total Provision for Income Taxes F-37 Table of Contents State taxes, net of federal benefit Non-deductible expenses Texas franchise tax Revision of prior years' provision to return filing Change in estimated future income tax rates Change in valuation allowance Other Total Provision (Benefit) for Income Taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 were as follows: Sales Allowances Accrued Related Party Expenses Impairment of SmplyLifted Note and Other Receivables Allowance for Doubtful Accounts Other Less: Valuation allowance for stock-based compensation Total Deferred Tax Assets Deferred Tax Liabilities: Depreciation Amortization Other Total Deferred Tax Liabilities Net Deferred Tax Assets per year from . NWarrender s new salary will commence retroactively as of January 1, 2023. The reason for the salary increase is due to NWarrender s increased responsibility and performance. Payment of Security Deposit On February 3, 2023, Lifted paid a security deposit for its leased facility located at 5732 95th Avenue, Suite 200 and 300, Kenosha, WI 53144 Hiring of Robert T. Warrender III On January 9, 2023, Robert T. Warrender III, the brother of Nicholas S. Warrender, and the son of director Robert T. Warrender II, was hired as an employee of Lifted. Prior to January 9, 2023, Robert T. Warrender III served as an independent contractor of Lifted. Issuance of Deferred Contingent Stock At the closing of the Lifted Merger, shares of unregistered common stock of the Company were designated as contingent deferred compensation (the Deferred Contingent Stock to certain persons specified by NWarrender in a schedule delivered by him to the Corporation at the closing of the Merger (the Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients ). These shares of Deferred Contingent Stock, related to the Company s acquisition of Lifted, will be issued to certain Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients on or after February 24, 2023, subject to certain conditions and requirements. As of March 3, 2023, shares of Deferred Contingent Stock have been issued to certain Deferred Contingent Stock Recipients, including shares of Deferred Contingent Stock to WJacobs. The issuance of this Deferred Contingent Stock is accounted for and reported as stock compensation as of the date of issuance. 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 lsfp_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lsfp_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427 I, Gerard M. Jacobs, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of LFTD Partners Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and I have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; d) disclosed in this report any change in registrant s internal control over financial reporting the occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 21, 2023 /s/ Gerard M. Jacobs Gerard M. Jacobs Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 lsfp_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lsfp_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 Certification of Principal Accounting Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and Securities and Exchange Commission Release 34-46427 I, William C. Jake Jacobs, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of LFTD Partners Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and I have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; d) disclosed in this report any change in registrant s internal control over financial reporting the occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) all deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 21, 2023 /s/ William C. Jake Jacobs, CPA William C. Jake Jacobs, CPA Principal Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 lsfp_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lsfp_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of LFTD Partners Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Gerard M. Jacobs, Principal Executive Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ Gerard M. Jacobs Gerard M. Jacobs Chief Executive Officer March 21, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 lsfp_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 lsfp_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of LFTD Partners Inc. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, William C. Jake Jacobs, Principal Accounting Officer of the registrant, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. ss. 1350, as adopted pursuant to ss. 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. /s/ William C. Jake Jacobs, CPA William C. Jake Jacobs, CPA Principal Accounting Officer March 21, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-99.1>
 6
 lsfp_ex991.htm
 PRESS RELEASE
 
 lsfp_ex991.htm EXHIBIT 99.1 LFTD Partners Inc. Reports Record Annual Revenue and Net Income for 2022 JACKSONVILLE, FL, March 22, 2022 (Accesswire) LFTD Partners Inc. ("LFTD Partners" or the "Company") (OTCQB: LIFD), the corporate parent of leading hemp and psychoactive products maker Lifted Made, today reported record revenue for full year 2022, and its tenth consecutive quarter of positive GAAP-basis earnings per share. Income Statement Highlights 2022 Compared to 2021: Revenue increased 81 to 57,416,535, up from 31,656,932 Net income increased 24 to 7,196,327, up from 5,799,982 Basic earnings per share EPS increased 2 to 0.51 per share, up from 0.50 Diluted EPS up 5 to 0.45 per share, up from 0.43 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding for the year ended December 31, 2022 were 14,080,729 and 15,862,927, respectively Income Statement Highlights Q4 2022 Compared to Q4 2021: Revenue decreased 12 to 11,313,878, down from 12,787,566 Net income decreased 55 to 608,589, down from 1,349,292 the tenth consecutive quarter of positive GAAP net income Basic EPS decreased 60 to 0.04 per share, down from 0.10. Diluted EPS decreased 50 to 0.04 per share, down from 0.08 Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding for Q4 2022 were 14,102,578 and 15,884,776, respectively Balance Sheet Highlights December 31, 2022 Compared to December 31, 2021: Cash on hand increased 120 to 3,530,623, up from 1,602,731 Inventory increased 58 to 6,023,967, up from 3,809,944 Current assets increased 5 to 13,853,949, up from 13,152,696 Current ratio increased 102 to 2.23, from 1.10 Working capital increased 513 to 7,643,816, up from 1,246,426 No debt as of December 31, 2022 1 Earnings Conference Call and Webcast Information LFTD Partners plans to hold a 2022 earnings conference call and webcast today, Wednesday, March 22, 2023 at 8:30 AM ET. Participant phone numbers: Toll Free: 888-506-0062 International: 973-528-0011 Participant Access Code: 552653 Webcast event link: https://www.webcaster4.com/Webcast/Page/2916/47915 The participant phone numbers and webcast event link are shown on the Investor Relations section of LFTD Partners' website at https://www.lftdpartners.com/investors. The webcast replay will also be available on the Investor Relations section of LFTD Partners' website. Although attendees will have the opportunity to submit questions during the earnings conference call, attendees are encouraged to submit questions prior to the call by emailing them to: jakejacobs@lftdpartners.com. About LFTD Partners Inc. Publicly-traded LFTD Partners Inc., Jacksonville, FL (OTCQB: LIFD) is the parent corporation of Lifted Made, Kenosha, WI (www.urb.shop), which manufactures and sells hemp-derived and psychoactive products under its award-winning Urb Finest Flowers and Silly Shruum brands. LFTD Partners Inc. also owns 4.99 of CBD-infused beverage and products maker Ablis (www.AblisBev.com), and of craft distillers Bendistillery Inc. d/b/a Crater Lake Spirits (www.CraterLakeSpirits.com) and Bend Spirits, Inc. (www.Bendistillery.com) all located in Bend, OR. Please read LIFD's filings with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission which fully describe our business and the Risk Factors associated therewith. Stay updated with our company news and product launches by subscribing to our newsletters at www.LFTDPartners.com and www.urb.shop. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this document are "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Such information includes the operations, financing, growth, performance, products, plans and expectations of LFTD Partners Inc. and Lifted Made. Such forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause or contribute to these companies' actual operations, financing, growth, performance, products, plans or results of these companies differing materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. The Company undertakes no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. Actual results, performance or achievements could differ materially from those anticipated in such forward-looking statements as a result of certain other factors, including the risk factors set forth in LFTD Partners Inc.'s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell common stock or any other securities of LFTD Partners Inc. 2 CONTACTS: Gerard M. Jacobs, Chairman and CEO of LFTD Partners Inc. (847) 915-2446 GerardMJacobs@LFTDPartners.com www.LFTDPartners.com Nicholas S. Warrender, Vice Chairman and COO of LFTD Partners Inc. and CEO of Lifted Made (224) 577-8148 CEO@urb.shop www.urb.shop William C. "Jake" Jacobs, CPA, President and CFO of LFTD Partners Inc. and President of Lifted Made (847) 400-7660 JakeJacobs@LFTDPartners.com www.LFTDPartners.com 3 

</EX-99.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 lsfp-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 lsfp-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lsfp-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 lsfp-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

