<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230317_10-K_edgar_data_1881551_0001213900-23-020725.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4033719</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>232285</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>806152</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>778584</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1110635</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1009274</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-020725.hdr.sgml : 20230317
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316204011
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-020725
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		56
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230317
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Nubia Brand International Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001881551
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				871993879
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41323
		FILM NUMBER:		23740476

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13355 NOEL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(972) 918-5120

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		13355 NOEL ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1100
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75240

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-020725.txt : 20230317

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_nubiabrand.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

or 

TRANSITION REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 

, (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC Redeemable Warrants, each whole warrant exercisable for one share of Common Stock at an exercise price of 11.50 NUBIW The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC Units, each consisting of one share of Common Stock and one-half of one Redeemable Warrant NUBIU The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or
for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for
the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report
on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C.7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report.

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No

At June 30, 2022, the last business day of
the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the common stock of the registrant
held by non-affiliates of the registrant was . 

As of March 16, 2023, there were 
shares of Class A common stock and shares of Class B common of the Company issued and outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

None. 

NUBIA BRAND INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Page 
 
 PART I 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 6 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 6 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 6 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 6 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 6 

PART II 
 
 7 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 7 
 
 Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 7 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 7 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 11 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 11 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 11 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 11 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 11 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 11 

PART III 
 
 12 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 12 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 19 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 19 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 21 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 22 

PART IV 
 
 23 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 23 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 24 

i 

FORWARD LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains
forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, or the Securities Act, and Section 21E
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, or the Exchange Act. The statements contained in this report that are not purely historical are
forward-looking statements. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management s
expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts
or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The
words anticipates, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, 
 intend, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, 
 project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but
the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this report may include,
for example, statements about our: 

ability to complete our initial business combination; 

success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; 

potential change in control if we acquire one or more target businesses for stock; 

the potential liquidity and trading of our securities; 

use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; or 

financial performance following our initial public offering. 

The forward-looking statements contained in this
report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be
no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a
number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance
to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include,
but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties
materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these
forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new
information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable laws. 

ii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

In this Annual Report on Form 10-K (the
 Form 10-K ), references to the Company and to we, us, and our 
refer to Nubia Brand International Corp. 

Overview 

Nubia Brand International Corp. is a newly organized
blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to as our initial business combination throughout this prospectus.
While we may pursue an initial business combination target in any business or industry or geographic location, we intend to focus our
search on wireless telecommunications companies. 

On March 15, 2022, Nubia consummated its initial
public offering of 12,350,000 units (the Units ), including 1,350,000 units under the underwriters over-allotment
option, with each unit consisting of one share of Nubia s Class A common stock and one-half of one warrant, each whole warrant
to purchase one share of Nubia s Class A common stock. The units were sold at an offering price of 10.00 per unit, generating
gross proceeds of 123,500,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial public offering, Nubia consummated the private placement
of 5,405,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant (the Private Warrants ), generating total proceeds of 5,405,000. The
private warrants are identical to the public warrants underlying the Units being sold in the initial public offering. 

Following the consummation of the initial public
offering, a total of 125,970,000 of the net proceeds from the sale of the Units in the initial public offering and the Private Warrants
was deposited into a U.S.-based trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee. None of the funds
held in trust will be released from the trust account, other than interest income to pay any tax obligations, until the earlier of the
completion of an initial business combination within the required time period or our entry into liquidation if we have not completed a
business combination in the required time period. On May 2, 2022, our Class A common stock and warrants underlying the Units sold in our
IPO began to trade separately on a voluntary basis. 

If the Company is unsuccessful in consummating
an initial business combination within 12 months, or March 15, 2023, (or up to 18 months, September 15, 2023, if the Company extends the
period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of the IPO the Company is required to cease all operations, redeem
the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve. 

Business Combination Agreement 

On February 16, 2023, Nubia entered into a
Merger Agreement (the Merger Agreement by and among Honeycomb Battery Company, an Ohio corporation (the
 Company or Honeycomb ), Nubia, and Nubia Merger Sub, Inc., an Ohio corporation Merger Sub and wholly-owned subsidiary of Nubia, pursuant to which Merger Sub will merge with and into the Company (the Merger with the Company as the surviving corporation of the Merger and becoming a wholly-owned subsidiary of Nubia. In connection with the
Merger, Nubia will change its name to Honeycomb Battery Company or such
other name designated by the Company by notice to Nubia, which is referred to herein as the Combined Company. The
board of directors of Nubia has unanimously (i) approved and declared advisable the Merger Agreement, the Merger and the other
transactions contemplated thereby (collectively, the Transactions and (ii) resolved to recommend approval of the
Merger Agreement and related matters by the stockholders of Nubia. 

The Merger Agreement provides for Nubia to issue
to the Honeycomb shareholders aggregate consideration of 70,000,000 shares of the Combined Company s common stock (the Closing
Merger Consideration Shares at the effective time of the Merger Agreement (the Effective Time ), plus up to an additional
22,500,000 shares of the Combined Company s common stock (the Earnout Shares upon the occurrence of the following
events (or earlier upon a change of control of Nubia but subject to (and only to the extent that) the valuation of Nubia common stock
implied by such change of control transaction meeting the respective VWAP (as defined below) thresholds set forth below): 

(i) 5,000,000 Earnout Shares if, over any ten (10) trading days
within any thirty (30) trading day period from and after the date that is thirty (30) days following the closing date of the Transactions
(the Closing Date until the second anniversary of the Closing Date, the VWAP of the shares of Nubia s Class A common
stock is greater than or equal to 12.50 per share (subject to any adjustment pursuant to the Merger Agreement); 

1 

(ii) 7,500,000 Earnout Shares if, over any ten (10) trading days
within any thirty (30) trading day period from and after the date that is one hundred eighty (180) days following the Closing Date until
the date that is forty-two (42) months following the Closing Date, the VWAP of the shares of Nubia s Class A common stock is greater
than or equal to 15.00 per share (subject to any adjustment pursuant to the Merger Agreement); and 

(iii) 10,000,000 Earnout Shares if over any ten (10) trading days
within any thirty (30) trading day period from and after the date that is one hundred eighty (180) days following the Closing Date until
the fourth anniversary of the Closing Date, the VWAP of the shares of Nubia s Class A common stock is greater than or equal to
 25.00 per share (subject to any adjustment pursuant to the Merger Agreement). 

For purposes of the foregoing, VWAP 
means, for any security as of any date(s), the dollar volume-weighted average price for such security on the principal securities exchange
or securities market on which such security is then traded during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00
p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg through its HP function (set to weighted average) or, if the foregoing does
not apply, the dollar volume-weighted average price of such security in the over-the-counter market on the electronic bulletin board for
such security during the period beginning at 9:30:01 a.m., New York time, and ending at 4:00:00 p.m., New York time, as reported by Bloomberg,
or, if no dollar volume-weighted average price is reported for such security by Bloomberg for such hours, the average of the highest closing
bid price and the lowest closing ask price of any of the market makers for such security as reported by OTC Markets Group Inc. If the
VWAP cannot be calculated for such security on such date(s) on any of the foregoing bases, the VWAP of such security on such date(s) shall
be the fair market value per share on such date(s) as reasonably determined by Nubia. 

In accordance with the terms and subject to the
conditions of the Merger Agreement, each share of Honeycomb s common stock outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time will
be converted into the right to receive its allocable portion of the Closing Merger Consideration Shares and the Earnout Shares, if any. 

The Business Combination will require the
approval of the shareholders of Nubia and Honeycomb and is subject to other customary closing conditions, including a proxy statement
being filed with and cleared by the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. The Transactions is expected to close in the second quarter
of 2023. 

Initial Business Combination 

General 

We are not presently engaged in, and we will not
engage in, any substantive commercial business until we complete a business combination. We intend to utilize cash derived from the proceeds
of the IPO and the private placement of Private Warrants, our capital stock, debt or a combination of these in effecting our initial business
combination. 

Selection of a Target Business and Structuring
of Our Initial Business Combination 

Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one
or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the value of the assets held in the trust account
(excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing
a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. Our board of directors will make the determination as to the
fair market value of our initial business combination. Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our
board of directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves
a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating
the fair market value of the target or targets. Any proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with
any proposed transaction will provide public stockholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80 of fair market value test,
as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of
our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity
that commonly renders valuation opinions with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board
of directors will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of our initial business combination, it may
be unable to do so if it is less familiar or experienced with the business of a particular target or if there is a significant amount
of uncertainty as to the value of a target s assets or prospects. Additionally, pursuant to Nasdaq rules, any initial business combination
must be approved by a majority of our independent directors. 

2 

We anticipate structuring our initial business
combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity
interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-transaction company
owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the prior owners
of the target business, the target management team or stockholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination
if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires
a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company
Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). Even if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or
more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest
in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination transaction. For
example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital
stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However,
as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our stockholders immediately prior to our initial business combination
could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 
of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-transaction company, the portion
of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 fair market value test. If the
business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all
of the target businesses and we will treat the target businesses together as our initial business combination for purposes of a tender
offer or for seeking stockholder approval, as applicable. 

In evaluating a prospective target business, we
expect to conduct a thorough due diligence review which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees,
document reviews, inspection of facilities, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made
available to us. 

The time required to select and evaluate a target
business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently
ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the
funds we can use to complete another business combination. 

Lack of Business Diversification 

For an indefinite period of time after consummation
of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business.
Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it
is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business.
By consummating our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination, and 

result in our dependency upon the performance of a single operating business or the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 

3 

Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target Business 
Management Team 

Although we scrutinized the management team of
our target business, our assessment of the target business management team may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future
management team may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role
of our officers and directors, if any, in the target business following our initial business combination remains to be determined. While
it is possible that some of our key personnel will remain associated in senior management or advisory positions with us following our
initial business combination, it is unlikely that they will devote their full time efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business
combination. Moreover, they would only be able to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination if
they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take
place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for them to receive compensation in the form of
cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to the company after the consummation of the business combination.
While the personal and financial interests of our key personnel may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business,
their ability to remain with the company after the consummation of our initial business combination will not be the determining factor
in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any potential business combination. Additionally, our officers and directors
may not have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following our initial business combination, we
may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We may not have the ability to
recruit additional managers, or that any such additional managers we do recruit will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience
necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target
business for our initial business combination, we have encountered and will continue to encounter intense competition from other entities
having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds,
and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have significant experience identifying
and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical,
human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources.
This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, the requirement that
we acquire a target business or businesses having a fair market value equal to at least 80 of the value of the trust account (excluding
any taxes payable) at the time of the agreement to enter into the business combination, and our obligation to pay cash in connection with
our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Any of these factors
may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating our initial business combination. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices are located at 13355 Noel
Rd., Suite 1100, Dallas, Texas, and our telephone number is (972) 918-5120. 

Employees 

We have two officers. These individuals are not
obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters, but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary,
in the exercise of their respective business judgement, to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount
of time they will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination
and the stage of the initial business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion
of our initial business combination. We do not have an employment agreement with any member of our management team. 

Periodic Reporting and Audited Financial Statements 

We have registered our units, Class A common stock
and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current
reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports will contain financial statements audited
and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

4 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial
statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders
to assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited
in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential targets we may conduct
an initial business combination with because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements
in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. We cannot assure
you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements
prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance
with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed
target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will
be material. 

We will be required to evaluate our internal control
procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2023 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a
large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to have our
internal control procedures audited. A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding
adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such business combination. Prior to the date of this prospectus, we will
file a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As
a result, we will be subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a
Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business
combination. 

We are an emerging growth company, 
as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions
from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies 
including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from
the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market
for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also
provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B)
of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company 
can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to
take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

We will remain an emerging growth company until
the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of this offering, (b) in which
we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.235 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means
the market value of our shares of common stock that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2)
the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein
to emerging growth company will have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. 

5 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure
obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting
company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds
 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, and (2) our annual revenues equaled or exceeded 100 million during
such completed fiscal year or the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of that year s
second fiscal quarter. 

Potential Conflicts 

Members of our management team who directly or
indirectly own our securities may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business
with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, each of our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest
with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included
by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors have agreed to present
to us all target business opportunities that have a fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account, subject
to any fiduciary or contractual obligations they may have. As more fully discussed in Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate
Governance Conflicts of Interest, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of an initial business combination
opportunity that might be attractive to any entity to which he has fiduciary or contractual obligations, he may be required to present
such initial business combination opportunity to such entity prior to presenting such initial business combination opportunity to us.
For more information on the relevant pre-existing fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our management team, see the section
titled Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest . 

Legal Proceedings 

There is no material litigation, arbitration or
governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 

We do not own any real estate or other physical
properties materially important to our operations. We maintain our principal executive offices at 13355 Noel Rd., Suite 1100, Dallas,
Texas. We consider our current office space, combined with the other office space otherwise available to our executive officers, adequate
for our current operations. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We are not currently a party to any material litigation
or other legal proceedings brought against us. We are also not aware of any legal proceeding, investigation or claim, or other legal exposure
that has a more than remote possibility of having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not Applicable. 

6 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S
COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 

Our Units began to trade on the Nasdaq Global
Market, or Nasdaq, under the symbol NUBIU on March 11, 2022. The Class A common stock, warrants, and rights comprising the
Units began separate trading on Nasdaq on May 2, 2022, under the symbols NUBI and NUBIW respectively. 

Holders of Record 

As of December 31, 2022, there were 4 holders of record of our Class
A common stock, 1 holder of record of our Class B common stock. The number of record holders was determined from the records of our transfer
agent. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends on our shares
of Class A common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The
payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial
condition subsequent to completion of a business combination. The payment of any dividends subsequent to a business combination will be
within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. It is the present intention of our board of directors to retain all earnings,
if any, for use in our business operations and, accordingly, our board of directors does not anticipate declaring any dividends in the
foreseeable future. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends
in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants
we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity
Compensation Plans 

None. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On March 15, 2022, simultaneously with the closing
of the IPO, we sold the Sponsor 5,405,000 warrants (the Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating
total proceeds of 5,405,000. The Private Warrants are identical to the warrants sold in the IPO except that holders of the Private Warrants
may not transfer, assign, or sell any of the Private Warrants or underlying securities until the date that is 30 days after the date we
complete our initial business combination except to permitted transferees. Our Sponsor was granted certain demand and piggyback registration
rights in connection with the purchase of the Private Warrants. 

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

None. 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

The following discussion and analysis of our financial
condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes related thereto
which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements. Our actual results may
differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under
 Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

7 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated as a
Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization
or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Initial Business Combination ). 

We intend to effectuate an Initial Business Combination
using cash from the proceeds of our initial public offering (the Public Offering that closed on March 15, 2022 (the Closing
Date and the private placement warrants sold in a private placement (the Private Placement Warrants that closed
on the Closing Date and from additional issuances, if any, of, our capital stock and our debt, or a combination of cash, stock and debt. 

Our business activities from inception to December
31, 2022 consisted primarily of our preparation for our Public Offering that was completed on March 15, 2022 and, since the Closing Date,
identification and evaluation of prospective acquisition targets for an Initial Business Combination. 

At December 31, 2022, we had cash of 545,655
and working capital deficit of 148,043. Further, we expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans.
We cannot assure you that our plans to complete an Initial Business Combination will be successful. 

Results of Operations 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 593,905
which consisted of interest income earned in the amount of 1,818,565 on cash and funds held in the Trust Account, a gain on the over-allotment
liability of 19,432, partially offset by operating expenses totaling 904,193. In addition, the Company recorded an income tax provision
of 339,899. 

For the period from June 14, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 1,430 which consisted solely of formation expenses. 

Going Concern Considerations, Liquidity and Capital Resources 

On March 15, 2022, we consummated the Initial
Public Offering of 11,000,000 Units at a price of 10.00 per Unit, which includes the exercise by the underwriters of the over-allotment
option to purchase an additional 1,350,000 Units, generating gross proceeds of 123,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial
Public Offering and exercise of the over-allotment option, we consummated the sale of 5,405,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price
of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 5,405,000. 

Following the Initial Public Offering, the exercise
of the over-allotment option by the underwriters and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, a total of 125,970,000 was placed
in the Trust Account and as of December 31, 2022, we had 545,655 of cash held outside of the Trust Account, after payment of costs related
to the Initial Public Offering, and available for working capital purposes. Transaction costs amounted to 6,951,081 consisting of 1,235,000
of underwriting fees, 4,322,500 of deferred underwriting fees payable and 597,334 of other offering costs. In addition, the Company
recorded the fair value of 776,815 for representative shares issued upon close of the Public Offering as well as the fair value of the
remaining over-allotment option of 19,432 as offering costs. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities
was 725,102 which consisted of net income of 593,905, interest earned on marketable securities held in the Trust Account of 1,812,882,
the gain on the change in fair value of the over-allotment liability of 19,432 and changes in operating assets and liabilities provided
 513,307 of cash from operating activities. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company
used cash of 125,970,000 in investing activities for the purchase of investments in the Trust Account following
the Initial Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters and the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants . 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash from
financing activities provided 127,240,757. The Company received gross proceeds of 128,905,000 from the
Initial Public Offering, the exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants .
These increases were offset by payment of the underwriting fees and offering costs of 1,235,000 and 429,243, respectively. 

For the period from June 14, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 0 which consisted of the net loss of 1,430 offset by advances from
related party of 939 and changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 491 of cash from operating activities. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the Trust Account
of 127,782,882 principally invested in U.S. government securities. Interest income on the balance in the Trust Account may be used by
us to pay taxes, and to pay up to 100,000 of any dissolution expenses. In March 2023, 200,050 was withdrawn from the Trust to pay taxes. 

8 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash outside
of trust of 545,655 and working capital deficit of 148,043. Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant
costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations
in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the
working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated
in the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association. However, management has determined that these liquidity risks,
as well as if the Company is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination within 15 months, or June 15, 2023 as the Company
deposited 1,235,000 into the trust account in March 2023 to fund the automatic 3-month extension, (or up to 18 months, by September 15,
2023, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of the IPO, the requirement that
the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial doubt about the ability
to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of this filing. The balance sheets do not include any adjustments
that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with
generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP ), which contemplate continuation of the
Company as a going concern. 

We intend to use substantially all of the funds
held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account, excluding the deferred underwriting
commissions, to complete an initial business combination. To the extent that capital stock or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration
to complete an initial business combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance
the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue growth strategies. If an initial business combination
agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the Trust Account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party
financing. 

On July 27, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured
promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal
amount of 300,000. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2022 or (ii) the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering (the Original Maturity Date ). On May 20, 2022, the Company and the Sponsor amended and restated
the Promissory Note (the Amended Note (i) to extend the Original Maturity Date to a new maturity date which shall be upon
the earlier of the closing of the Company s initial business combination or the Company s liquidation, and (ii) to permit
the holder of the Amended Note, in its sole discretion, to convert any or all of the unpaid principal under the Amended Note into warrants,
at a price of 1.00 per warrant, upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there was 125,341 outstanding under the Promissory Note. On May 20, 2022, the Company and the Sponsor entered into the Amended Note (i)
to extend the Original Maturity Date to a new maturity date which shall be upon the earlier of the closing of the Company s initial
business combination or the Company s liquidation, and (ii) to permit the holder of the Amended Note, in its sole discretion, to
convert any or all of the unpaid principal under the Amended Note into Warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, upon consummation of
the Company s initial business combination. 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 

We have no obligations, assets or liabilities
which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated
entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose
of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. 

We have not entered into any off-balance sheet
financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or entered into
any non-financial agreements involving assets. 

Contractual Obligations 

At December 31, 2022, we did not have any long-term
debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities. In connection with the Public Offering, we entered
into an administrative support agreement pursuant to which we agreed to pay an affiliate of the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for
office space, utilities and secretarial, and administrative support services. Upon the earlier of the completion of the Initial Business
Combination and the Company s liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Pursuant to the Underwriting Agreement., upon
the consummation of our Initial Business Combination, we will pay the underwriters a cash fee in an amount equal to 3.5 of the gross
proceeds of the Public Offering (exclusive of any applicable finders fees which might become payable). No fee will be due if we
do not complete an Initial Business Combination. 

9 

Critical Accounting Policies and Significant
Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related
disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and
assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of
the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates.
We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: 

Net Income (Loss) per Common Share 

The Company complies with accounting and disclosure
requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share. Net income (loss) per share of common stock is computed by
dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of shares of common stock outstanding for the period. The Company applies the
two-class method in calculating earnings per share. The remeasurement adjustment associated with the redeemable shares of Class A
Common Stock is excluded from income (loss) per share as the redemption value approximates fair value. 

The calculation of diluted income (loss) per share
of common stock does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) Initial Public Offering and (ii) the Private
Placement since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. .
As of December 31, 2022, the warrants are exercisable to purchase 11,580,000 shares of Class A common stock in the aggregate. As a result,
diluted income (loss) per share of common stock is the same as basic income (loss) per common stock for the periods presented. On March
10, 2022, the Company effectuated a 1.1-for-1 share split on the Class B common stock, resulting in an aggregate of 3,162,500 founder
shares outstanding (up to 412,500 shares of which were subject to forfeiture, of which 75,000 were forfeited, resulting in 337,500 common
stock shares outstanding subsequent to March 10, 2022). Basic net income per share of common stock excludes the 337,500 shares subject
to forfeiture from weighted average shares outstanding between January 1, 2022 through March 10, 2022 due to the contingency with forfeiture.
Diluted net income per share of common stock weighted average shares outstanding considers the 337,500 shares subject to forfeiture as
outstanding during the entire year ended December 31, 2022. For the period from June 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the
412,500 shares subject to forfeiture were excluded from the basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding. 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

The Company accounts for its shares of Class A
common stock subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance enumerated in ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities
from Equity . Common stock subject to mandatory redemption is classified as a liability instrument and is measured at fair value.
Conditionally redeemable common stock (including common stock that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the
holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified
as temporary equity. At all other times, common stock is classified as stockholders equity. The shares of the Company s Class
A common stock feature certain redemption rights that are considered by the Company to be outside of the Company s control and subject
to the occurrence of uncertain future events. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 

Fair value is defined as the price that would be received for sale
of an asset or paid to transfer of a liability, in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date. US GAAP
establishes a three-tier fair value hierarchy, which prioritizes the inputs used in measuring fair value. The hierarchy gives the highest
priority to unadjusted quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities (Level 1 measurements) and the lowest priority
to unobservable inputs (Level 3 measurements). The determination of fair value of the Representative Shares to the underwriter represent
the most significant accounting estimate related to the fair value of financial instruments. The 123,500 Representative Shares have a
grant date fair value of 6.29 per share or an aggregate of 776,815. The Company measured the fair value of the Representative Shares
on the grant date of the award utilizing a valuation model which considers certain assumptions. These assumptions include the offering
price, the marketability of the Company and the probability of initial business combination. Upon the Initial Public Offering, such amounts
were allocated to offering costs within stockholders equity (deficit). 

Warrants 

We account for warrants as either equity-classified
or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance
in ASC 480, and FASB ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ). The assessment considers whether the warrants
are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants
meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC 815, including whether the warrants are indexed to the Company s
own common shares and whether the warrant holders could potentially require net cash settlement in a circumstance outside
of the Company s control, among other conditions for equity classification. This assessment is conducted at the time warrant issuance
and as of each subsequent quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

For issued or modified warrants that meet all of the criteria for equity
classification, the warrants are required to be recorded as a component of additional paid-in capital at the time of issuance. For issued
or modified warrants that do not meet all of the criteria for equity classification, the warrants are required to be recorded at their
initial fair value on the date of issuance, and each balance sheet date thereafter. We account for our outstanding warrants as equity-classified
instruments. 

10 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements 

Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective,
accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s balance sheet. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE
DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company, we are not required
to make disclosures under this Item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA 

Our financial statements and the notes thereto
begin on page F-1 of this Annual Report. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH
ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure controls are procedures that are designed
with the objective of ensuring that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed under the Exchange Act, such as this Report,
is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time period specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls
are also designed with the objective of ensuring that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including the
chief executive officer and chief financial officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management
evaluated, with the participation of our current chief executive officer and chief financial officer (our Certifying Officers ),
the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, pursuant to Rule 13a-15(b) under the Exchange
Act. Based upon that evaluation, our Certifying Officers concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective. 

We do not expect that our disclosure controls
and procedures will prevent all errors and all instances of fraud. Disclosure controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and
operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the disclosure controls and procedures are met.
Further, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in all disclosure controls and procedures, no evaluation
of disclosure controls and procedures can provide absolute assurance that we have detected all our control deficiencies and instances
of fraud, if any. The design of disclosure controls and procedures also is based partly on certain assumptions about the likelihood of
future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

Management s Report on Internal Controls
Over Financial Reporting 

This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not
include a report of management s assessment regarding internal control over financial reporting or an attestation report of our
independent registered public accounting firm due to a transition period established by rules of the SEC for newly public companies. 

Changes in Internal Control over Financial
Reporting 

There have been no changes in our internal control
over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN
JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

None. 

11 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS
AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The following table sets forth information about
our directors and executive officers as of the date of this annual report. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 Jaymes Winters 
 60 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Alexander Monje 
 33 
 Chairman of the Board 
 
 Vlad Prantsevich 
 32 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 David Campbell 
 61 
 Director 
 
 Michael Patterson 
 58 
 Director 
 
 Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon 
 60 
 Director 
 
 Yvonne Brown 
 63 
 Director 

Jaymes Winters is our Chief Executive Officer.
With over 15 years experience as a Chief Executive Officer in the oil and gas, telecommunications and retail spaces with extensive
mergers and acquisitions (M A) experience, Mr. Winters been Chief Executive Officer at Mach FM Corp. since its inception in 2015 and
oversaw 600 MHz spectrum acquisition via an auction conducted by the Federal Communications Commission, or FCC. He designed a Simultaneous
Multiple Round (SMR) analysis using historical data from previous FCC auctions to predict the total amount bid by other participants within
5 . Prior to that, he was founder and Chief Executive Officer of United Energy Inc., which for seven consecutive years was one of the
largest African American owned businesses on the west coast with annual revenues of nearly 100 million and 1,000 employees. Mr. Winters
has directed and negotiated four M A transactions utilizing private equity firms. For over nine years, he was an adjunct professor
in the School of Business at Portland State University teaching business strategy, mergers and acquisitions, venture capital and is the
author of an upcoming college textbook titled Chronicles of an Urban CEO (Kendall Hunt Publishing Company, August 2021).
Mr. Winters holds a B.S. Business Administration with a minor in Economics from Oregon State University. 

Alexander Monje has been the chairman of our board of directors since
March 10, 2022. Since February 2022, Mr. Monje is the Founder and CEO of Biscayne Ventures Advisors. From 2021 to 2022, Mr. Monje served
as Chief Legal Officer of Benessere Investment Group, a consulting and advisory firm with a focus on special purpose acquisition companies.
Mr. Monje has spent the last 8 years in law and finance. From 2018 to 2020, Mr. Monje worked as a commercial litigator representing domestic
and international investors and entrepreneurs, small to midsize private companies, and public companies in several dispute forums. While
in law school, in 2017, Mr. Monje worked in the chambers of Justice R. Fred Lewis at the Florida Supreme Court and, from 2015 to 2017,
worked as a law clerk for a law firm focusing on commercial litigation and corporate transactions. From 2014 to 2015, Mr. Monje worked
in institutional equity sales at Gabelli Company. From 2013 to 2014, Mr. Monje worked in investment management at Morgan Stanley.
He graduated with Honors from the University of Miami School of Law and earned his B.S. from the University of Miami. 

Vlad Prantsevich is our Chief Financial Officer
and a member of our board of directors. Mr. Prantsevich joined Mach FM Corp. in 2015 and serves as the EVP of Operations. Mr. Prantsevich
leads key corporate strategy, finance and operations planning responsibilities, as well as M A initiatives that include identifying
acquisition candidates, financial modeling, transaction structuring, and proprietary valuation models. Additionally, Mr. Prantsevich has
more than 6 years of executive management level experience in charge of Corporate Finance at 64 Audio, a global pro audio and consumer
electronics brand, where he helped lead the business through a period of rapid growth, implementing key processes, driving software-based
improvements of operations, and development of manufacturing and sales channel partners. Mr. Prantsevich holds a B.S. in Business Administration
from Portland State University. 

12 

David Campbell has been a director since March
10, 2022. Since March 2021, Mr. Campbell has been the Chief Operations Officer for Aero Design Labs, Inc. From January 2018 to March 2021,
he was self employed as an aviation consultant. September 2014 to January 2018, he was President and Chief Executive Officer for Horizon
Air of the Alaska Air Group (NYSE: ALK ). He has more than 20 years of experience as an executive in the aviation sector,
leading finance, flight operations, maintenance engineering functions with extensive experience in crisis management, restructuring
and turnaround of underperforming operations, billion-dollar budgetary and P L responsibilities. He has served on boards at American
Airlines Federal Credit Union, North Texas Leaders and Executives Advocating Diversity, Greater Portland Inc., and Make-A-Wish. David
has a B.S. Business Administration and Management from Louisiana Tech University and an M.B.A. from University of Texas-Arlington. 

Michael Patterson has been a director since March
10, 2022. Since 1985, Mr. Patterson has served as the Chief Administrative Officer and Chief Legal Officer for Blue Cross and Blue Shield
of Alabama, where he has held several roles, working his way up from a staff accountant to Senior Legal Counsel and then to Chief Legal
Officer, overseeing acquisitions totaling over 500 million in transactional value while adding 700,000 healthcare customers/members for
the company. He has served on the board of Lakeshore Foundation, an organization that encourages and provides opportunities for people
with disabilities to live a healthy lifestyle through activity, research, advocacy and health promotion. A graduate of the University
of Alabama at Birmingham with a Bachelor of Science in Accounting, Patterson received his Juris Doctorate from the Birmingham School of
Law in 1993 and was admitted to the Alabama bar that same year. He was appointed and served as the State of Alabama Revenue Commissioner
from March 2000 until 2001. 

Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon has been a director since
March 10, 2022. Ms. Tjon is also a Director at Volcon, Inc. (NASDAQ, VLCN and Kaleyra, Inc. (NYSE, KLR ). Ms. Tjon served as Chief Financial Officer of Alorica Inc. from July 2018 to May 2020.
From February 2017 to August 2017, she served as President and Chief Operating Officer of Scientific Games, Inc. Ms. Tjon has more than
6 years of executive management level experience as a Chief Executive Officer for publicly listed companies and large privately held companies.
Ms. Tjon has served as Chief Financial Officer and Executive Vice President for Epiq Systems (NASDAQ: EPIQ where she was
responsible for legal, governance and risk compliance as well as all areas of international corporate finance, including financial planning
and analysis, accounting, SEC filings, tax planning, investor relations, and SAP support. As a part of the executive team, she worked
through a strategic review process which culminated in the sale of the company to a strategic buyer, backed by private equity. At Alvarez
 Marsal LLC, a leading global professional services firm, Ms. Tjon served in several interim C-level posts guiding global clients
through operational restructurings, business planning and execution, complex negotiations, financial audit and regulatory compliance issues,
and technology issues. Ms. Tjon graduated summa cum laude from Ohio University with a B.S.S in Organizational Behavior Management
and received her M.B.A. from Columbia University. 

Yvonne Brown has been a director since March 10,
2022. Currently retired, Ms. Brown was self-employed as an IT management consultant from January 2019 to March 2021. Between November
2014 and July 2018, Ms. Brown served as roles as Director of Digital Business and Director of Transitions at Cognizant Technology Solutions.
From March 2013 to June 2014, Ms. Brown served as Vice President of Transition/Transformation Management Services with Xerox Business
Services, LLC where she led a global organization providing IT services to clients in diverse industries supporting the Information Technology
Outsourcing division s revenue of over 1 billion. Prior to 2013, Ms. Brown had an extensive career with Electronic Data Systems
Inc. and HP Enterprise Services leading the planning and execution of complex transition and transformation mission-critical programs
with globally dispersed resources, for IT outsourcing megadeal contracts valued over 100 million. Ms. Brown has more than 20 years of
senior management experience in the IT sector and is accomplished in the delivery of technology enablement services, strategic outsourcing,
governance, and stakeholder management. Ms. Brown s experience spans the total range from sales through planning, analysis, solution
design, development, testing, integration, and implementation. Ms. Brown has a B.A. in Computer Science from East Carolina University
and an M.S. in Engineering Management from Southern Methodist University. 

13 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and
Directors 

Our board of directors has seven members and is
divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed
prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements,
we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term
of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Yvonne Brown and Michael Patterson will expire at our first annual meeting of
stockholders. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of David Campbell and Karin-Joyce Tjon, will expire
at the second annual meeting of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Jaymes Winters, Vlad Prantsevich
and Alexander Monje will expire at the third annual meeting of stockholders. 

Our officers are appointed by the board of directors
and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized
to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate. Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of
a Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, President, Vice Presidents, Secretary, Treasurer, Assistant
Secretaries and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director Independence 

Nasdaq listing standards require that a majority
of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined generally as a person other than an officer
or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship which in the opinion of the company s
board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of
a director. Our board of directors determined that David Campbell, Michael Patterson, Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon, Yvonne Brown, and Alexander
Monje are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors
will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Audit Committee 

We established an audit committee of the board
of directors. Michael Patterson, Yvonne Brown and Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon serve as members of our audit committee, and Karin-Joyce (KJ)
Tjon chairs the audit committee. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least three members
of the audit committee, all of whom must be independent. Each of Michael Patterson, Yvonne Brown and Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon meet the
independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10-A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act. 

Each member of the audit committee
is financially literate, and our board of directors has determined that Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon qualifies as an audit committee
financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. 

We adopted an audit committee
charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight
of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving all audit and permitted non-audit services
to be provided by the independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; 

setting clear hiring policies for employees or former employees
of the independent registered public accounting firm, including but not limited to, as required by applicable laws and regulations; 

setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance
with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the
independent registered public accounting firm describing (i) the independent registered public accounting firm s internal quality-control procedures,
(ii) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any
inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent
audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues and (iii) all relationships between the independent registered
public accounting firm and us to assess the independent registered public accounting firm s independence; 

reviewing and approving any related party transaction required
to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and 

reviewing with management, the independent registered public
accounting firm, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with
regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial
statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting
Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

14 

Compensation Committee 

We have established a compensation committee of
the board of directors. David Campbell, Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon and Alexander Monje serve as members of our compensation committee.
Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, we are required to have at least two members of the compensation committee,
all of whom must be independent. David Campbell, Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon and Alexander Monje are independent and Alexander Monje chairs
the compensation committee. 

We adopted a compensation committee charter, which
details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals
and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, if any is paid by us, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s
performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer
based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the compensation,
if any is paid by us, of all of our other officers; 

reviewing on an annual basis our executive compensation policies
and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration
plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and
annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and
other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if required, producing a report on executive compensation to
be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate,
to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above,
other than the payment to Mach FM, an affiliate of our sponsor, of 10,000 per month, for up to 18 months, for office space, utilities
and secretarial and administrative support, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be
paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they
render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial business combination. Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation
of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation
arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business combination. 

The charter provides that the compensation committee
may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly
responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice
from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence
of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

15 

Director Nominations 

We do not have a standing nominating committee
though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance
with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board
of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly
selecting or approving director nominees without the formation of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate
in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees are David Campbell, Michael Patterson, Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon, Yvonne
Brown, and Alexander Monje. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors are independent. As there is no standing
nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The board of directors will also consider director
candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election
at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate
a director for election to our board of directors should follow the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We have not formally established any specific,
minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating
nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our
business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Code of Ethics 

We have adopted a code of ethics that applies
to all of our executive officers, directors and employees. The code of ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern
all aspects of our business. 

Legal Proceedings Involving Our Officers and
Directors 

On August 3, 2017, Jaymes W. Winters II,
our Chief Executive Officer, filed a petition for bankruptcy under Chapter 7 of the Bankruptcy Code (the Chapter 7 Case in the United States Bankruptcy Court Western District of Washington (Tacoma) (the Court (Case No. 17-42965) to avoid a
 2,480,000 judicial lien against his personal residence obtained by Sterling Savings Bank (the Sterling Savings Lien ), which
was held by Umpqua Bank, the successor to Sterling Savings Bank. On November 9, 2018, the Court partially granted Mr. Winters s
motion to avoid the judgment lien of Umpqua Bank and all but 160,725.00 of Umpqua Bank s judicial lien was avoided. On May 14,
2018, while the Chapter 7 Case was still open, Mr. Winters filed another petition for bankruptcy under Chapter 13 of the Bankruptcy
Code in the United States Bankruptcy Court Western District of Washington (Tacoma) (Case Number: 3:17-BK-42965) to further protect his
rights in relation to the Sterling Savings Lien. The Court granted a voluntary dismissal of the Chapter 13 Case on November 27, 2018.
As of the date of this prospectus, both the Chapter 7 Case and the Chapter 13 Case are closed. 

Conflicts of Interest 

Subject to pre-existing fiduciary or contractual
duties as described below, our officers and directors have agreed to present any business opportunities presented to them in their capacity
as a director or officer of our company to us. Certain of our officers and directors presently have fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity. Accordingly,
if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or
she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to
present such opportunity to such entity. We believe, however, that the fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers or
directors will not materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity
is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one
we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director
or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

Our officers and directors may become officers
or directors of another special purpose acquisition company with a class of securities intended to be registered under the Exchange Act,
even prior to us entering into a definitive agreement for our initial business combination. 

16 

Potential investors should also be aware of the
following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None of our officers or directors is required to commit his
or her full time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating his or her time among various business
activities. 

In the course of their other business activities, our officers
and directors may become aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us as well as the
other entities with which they are affiliated. Our management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
business opportunity should be presented. 

Our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business
combination. Additionally, our initial stockholders have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held
by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months if our time to complete
a business combination is extended as described herein) after the closing of this offering. If we do not complete our initial business
combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the placement warrants held in the trust account will be
used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions,
the founder shares will not be transferable, assignable by our sponsor until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months after the completion
of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, if the reported last sale price of our Class
A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination. With certain
limited exceptions, the placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants, will not be transferable, assignable
or saleable by our sponsor or its permitted transferees until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since
our sponsor and officers and directors may directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants following this offering, our officers
and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which
to effectuate our initial business combination. 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with
respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included
by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. 

Our sponsor, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest
with respect to evaluating a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor or an affiliate
of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination.
Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender, upon consummation
of our initial business combination. The warrants would be identical to the placement warrants. 

The conflicts described above may not be resolved
in our favor. 

In general, officers and directors of a corporation
incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the opportunity is within the corporation s line of business;
and 

it would not be fair to our company and its stockholders for
the opportunity not to be brought to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly, as a result of multiple business
affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting business opportunities meeting the
above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce
our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person
solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue, and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that
opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

17 

Below is a table summarizing the entities to which
our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties or contractual obligations: 

Individual (1) 
 
 Entity (2) 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 Jaymes Winters 
 
 Mach FM Corp. 
 
 Telecommunications 
 
 CEO 

Vlad Prantsevich 
 
 Mach FM Corp. 
 
 Telecommunications 
 
 Executive Vice President 

1964 Ears, LLC 
 
 Audio / Electronics 
 
 Financial Manager 

David Campbell 
 
 Aero Design Labs, Inc 
 
 Aviation 
 
 Chief Operations Officer 

Michael Patterson 
 
 Blue Cross Blue Shield of Alabama 
 
 Health Care 
 
 Chief Administrative Officer 

Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon 
 
 Volcon, Inc 
 
 Electric Vehicles 
 
 Director 

Kaleyra, Inc. 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

Yvonne Brown 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 
 
 N/A 

Alexander Monje 
 
 Biscayne Ventures Advisors 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Founder CEO 

(1) Each person has a fiduciary duty with respect to the listed
entities next to their respective names. 

(2) Each of the entities listed in this table has priority and preference
relative to our company with respect to the performance by each individual listed in this table of his obligations and the presentation
by each such individual of business opportunities. 

Accordingly, if any of the above executive officers,
or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has
current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business
combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. 

We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial
business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial
business combination with such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions, that such an initial business combination is fair
to our company from a financial point of view. 

In the event that we submit our initial business
combination to our public stockholders for a vote, pursuant to the letter agreement, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to
vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering (including in open market and privately
negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. 

Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting
Compliance 

Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, requires our executive officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than 10 
of a registered class of our equity securities to file with the Securities and Exchange Commission initial reports of ownership and reports
of changes in ownership of our shares of Common Stock and other equity securities. These executive officers, directors, and greater than
10 beneficial owners are required by SEC regulation to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms filed by such reporting
persons. 

Based solely on our review of such forms furnished
to us and written representations from certain reporting persons, we believe that, during 2022, our directors, executive officers, and
ten percent stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements. 

18 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Employment Agreements 

We have not entered into any employment agreements
with our executive officers and have not made any agreements to provide benefits upon termination of employment. 

Executive Officers and Director Compensation 

None of our officers has received any cash compensation
for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of March 10, 2022, we have agreed to pay Mach FM, an affiliate of our sponsor, a total
of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of our initial business combination
or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. No compensation of any kind, including any finder s fee, reimbursement,
consulting fee or monies in respect of any payment of a loan, will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate
of our sponsor, officers or directors, prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation
of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, these individuals will be reimbursed
for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses
and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that
were made to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination
will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such payments, we do not expect
to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses
incurred in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. 

After the completion of our initial business combination,
directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All
of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials
furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed initial business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount
of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation
will be known at the time of the proposed initial business combination because the directors of the post-combination business will
be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended
to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority
of the independent directors on our board of directors. 

We do not intend to take any action to ensure
that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although
it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after
our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with
us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability
of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision
to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for
benefits upon termination of employment. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN
BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The following table sets forth certain information
with respect to the beneficial ownership of our voting securities by (i) each person who is known by us to be the beneficial owner of
more than 5 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, (ii) each of our officers and directors, and (iii) all of our officers and
directors as a group as of March 16, 2023. 

19 

Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all
persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following
table does not reflect record of beneficial ownership of any ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants or conversion of rights,
as the warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of March 16, 2023 and the rights are not convertible within 60 days of March 16, 2023. 

Amount and 
Nature of 

Approximate 
Percentage of 
Outstanding 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Beneficial 
Ownership 

Common 
Stock 

Jaymes Winters 

Vlad Prantsevich 

David Campbell 

Michael Patterson 

Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon 

Yvonne Brown 

Alexander Monje 

All current directors and executive officers as a group (seven individuals) 

Five Percent Holders of Nubia 

Mach FM Acquisitions LLC (2) 

3,087,500 

19.84 

Patrick Orlando (2) 

3,087,500 

19.84 

Boothbay Fund Management, LLC (3) 

967,000 

6.18 

Saba Capital Management, L.P. (4) 

989,000 

6.33 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following entities or individuals is c/o Nubia Brand International Corp., 13355 Noel Rd, Suite 1100, Dallas, TX 75240. 
 
 (2) 
 Mach FM Acquisitions LLC, our sponsor, is the record holder of the securities reported herein. Patrick Orlando is the manager of our sponsor. By virtue of this relationship, Mr. Orlando may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the securities held of record by our sponsor. Mr. Orlando disclaims any such beneficial ownership except to the extent of his pecuniary interests. 
 
 (3) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed by reporting persons. The shares are held by one or more private funds (the Funds ), which are managed by Boothbay Fund Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Adviser ). Ari Glass is the Managing Member of the Adviser. Certain subadvisors Subadvisors have been delegated the authority to act on behalf of the Funds, including exclusive authority to vote and/or direct the disposition of certain Shares held by the Fund, and such Shares may be reported in regulatory filings made by such Subadvisors. However, this report is being made to the extent that, for the purposes of Reg. Section 240.13d-3. The address of the reporting persons is 140 East 45th Street, 14th Floor, New York, NY 10017. 
 
 (4) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed by reporting persons. Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership Saba Capital ), Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company Saba GP ), and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein (together, the Reporting Persons ). The Reporting Persons have entered into a Joint Filing Agreement, dated March 21, 2022, pursuant to which the Reporting Persons have agreed to file this statement and any subsequent amendments hereto jointly in accordance with the provisions of Rule 13d-1(k)(1) under the Act. The address of the reporting persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. 

All of the founder shares issued and outstanding
prior to the IPO are each subject to transfer restrictions pursuant to lock-up provisions in a letter agreement with us entered into by
our sponsor, officers and directors. Those lock-up provisions provide that such securities are not transferable or saleable (i) in the
case of the founder shares (or shares of common stock issuable upon conversion thereof), until the earlier to occur of: (A) six months
after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, if the reported last
sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations,
recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial business combination.
In the case of the placement warrants, until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except in each case (a)
to our officers or directors, any affiliates or family members of any of our officers or directors, any members of our sponsor, or any
affiliates of our sponsor, (b) in the case of an individual, by gift to a member of one of the members of the individual s immediate
family or to a trust, the beneficiary of which is a member of one of the individual s immediate family, an affiliate of such person
or to a charitable organization; (c) in the case of an individual, by virtue of laws of descent and distribution upon death of any of
our officers, our directors, the initial stockholders or members of our sponsor; (d) in the case of an individual, pursuant to a qualified
domestic relations order; (e) by private sales or transfers made in connection with the consummation of an initial business combination
at prices no greater than the price at which the securities were originally purchased; (f) in the event of our liquidation prior to the
completion of our initial business combination; (g) by virtue of the laws of Delaware or our sponsor s limited liability company
agreement upon dissolution of our sponsor; or (h) in the event of our liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other
similar transaction which results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities
or other property subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination; provided, however, that in the case of clauses (a)
through (e) or (g) these permitted transferees must enter into a written agreement agreeing to be bound by these transfer restrictions
and the other restrictions contained in the letter agreements and by the same agreements entered into by our sponsor with respect to such
securities. 

20 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Insider Shares 

On
August 17, 2021, we issued an aggregate of 2,875,000 shares of our Class B common stock to Mach FM Acquisitions LLC to
for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000 in cash, or approximately 0.009 per share. On March 10, 2022, we effectuated a 1.1-for-1 share
split, resulting in an aggregate of 3,162,500 founder shares outstanding. The Company subsequently forfeit 75,000 founder shares in connection
with the partial exercise of the underwriters over-allotment option, resulting in the Sponsor holding 3,087,500 founder shares.
The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding
shares upon completion of this offering (excluding the representative shares). The founder shares may not, subject to certain limited
exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by the holder . 

Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we
consummated the private placement with the Sponsor of 5,405,000 Private Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Warrant, generating total
proceeds of 5,405,000. 

On May 20, 2022, we entered
into an amended and restated promissory note (the Amended Note pursuant to which the Company amended and restated its outstanding
promissory note issued to the Company s sponsor, Mach FM Acquisitions LLC, on July 27, 2021, in the aggregate principal amount of
 300,000 (the Original Note ). 

Pursuant to the Amended
Note, we amended the Original Note by (i) extending the original maturity date from the date on which we consummated its initial public
offering to a new maturity date which shall be upon the closing of a Repayment/Conversion Trigger Event, as such term is defined below,
and (ii) by permitting the holder of the Amended Note, in its sole discretion, to convert any or all of the unpaid principal under the
Amended Note into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. Repayment/Conversion
Trigger Event means: 

(i) the closing of a merger, consolidation
or other business combination pursuant to which the Company acquires an entity for its initial business combination; or 

(ii) the liquidation of the Company
on or before the date of the 12 month anniversary of the IPO (or up to the 18 month anniversary of the IPO if the Company extends the
period of time to consummate a business combination), or such later liquidation date as may be approved by the Company s stockholders,
that occurs while the Amended Note is outstanding or any time thereafter prior to the repayment of the Amended Note. 

Administrative Services Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement, commencing
on March 15, 2022 through the earlier of the Company s consummation of a business combination and its liquidation, to pay the Sponsor
a total of 10,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support. However, pursuant to the terms of such
agreement, the Sponsor agreed to defer the payment of such monthly fee. Any such unpaid amount will accrue without interest and be due
and payable no later than the date of the consummation of initial business combination. 

Related Party Policy 

We have not yet adopted a formal policy for the
review, approval or ratification of related party transactions. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved
or ratified in accordance with any such policy. 

Effective as of March 10, 2022, we adopted a Code
of Ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our
board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our Code of Ethics,
conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee
of indebtedness) involving the company. A form of the Code of Ethics that we adopted is filed as an exhibit to the registration statement
filed with the SEC in connection with this offering. 

In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to
a written charter that we adopted effective as of the date of this prospectus, will be responsible for reviewing and approving related
party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee
present at a meeting at which a quorum is present will be required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the
members of the entire audit committee will constitute a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members
of the audit committee will be required to approve a related party transaction. A form of the audit committee charter we adopted is filed
as an exhibit to the registration statement filed with the SEC in connection with this offering. We also require each of our directors
and executive officers to complete a directors and officers questionnaire that elicits information about related party transactions. 

These procedures are intended to determine whether
any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director,
employee or officer. 

21 

To further minimize conflicts of interest, we
have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors
unless we, or a committee of independent directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent
entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of
view. Furthermore, no finder s fees, reimbursements, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation
will be paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or any affiliate of our sponsor, officers or directors prior to, for services
rendered to us prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial business
combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be made to our sponsor, officers
or directors, or our or their affiliates, none of which will be made from the proceeds of this offering held in the trust account prior
to the completion of our initial business combination: 

Repayment of up to an aggregate of 300,000 in loans made to
us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

Payment to Mach FM, an affiliate of our sponsor, of 10,000
per month, for up to 18 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support; 

Reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to
identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

Repayment of non-interest bearing loans which may be made
by our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with
an intended initial business combination, the terms of which (other than as described above) have not been determined nor have any written
agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per
warrant at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The warrants would be identical to the placement
warrants. 

Our audit committee will review on a quarterly
basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or their affiliates. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND
SERVICES 

Public Accounting Fees 

The firm of Marcum LLP, or
Marcum, acts as our independent registered public accounting firm. The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum for services rendered. 

Audit Fees. For the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from June 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting
firm were approximately 77,250 and 73,130, respectively, for the services Marcum performed in connection with the audit of our December
31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and our IPO. 

Audit-Related Fees. 
For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered
public accounting firm did not render assurance and related services related to the performance of the audit or review of financial statements. 

Tax Fees. For the year ended
December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public
accounting firm were approximately 0, for the services Marcum performed in connection with tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. 

All Other Fees . For the year ended December
31, 2022 and for the period from June 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services
provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. 

Pre-Approval Policy 

Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation
of our IPO. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to
the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward
basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our
auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange
Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

22 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT
SCHEDULES 

(a) Financial Statements: 

(1) 
 The financial statements required to be included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are included in Item 8 therein. 

(2) 
 All supplemental schedules have been omitted since the information is either included in the financial statements or the notes thereto or they are not required or are not applicable. 

(3) 
 See attached Exhibit Index of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

23 

Page Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB Firm # F-2 Financial Statements: Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Nubia Brand International Corp. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets
of Nubia Brand International Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related the related statements of
operations, stockholders (deficit) equity and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June 14,
2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ).
In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from June
14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

The accompanying financial statements have been
prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company s business plan is dependent on the completion of a business combination and the Company s cash and working capital
as of December 31, 2022 are not sufficient to complete its planned activities for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to
be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to
continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not
include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We
are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are
required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and
regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the
standards of the PCAOB . Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding
of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal
control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess
the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond
to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements.
Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating
the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 

Marcum llp 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 16, 2023 

F- 2 

NUBIA BRAND INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

ASSETS 

Current Assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total Current Assets 

Investments held in the Trust Account 

Deferred offering costs 

Other assets 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Income taxes payable 

Accrued offering costs 

Advances from related party 

Note payable Sponsor 

Total Current Liabilities 

Deferred underwriting commission 

Total liabilities 

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption; shares (at redemption value) 

Stockholders (Deficit) Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value, shares authorized, issued and outstanding (excluding 12,350,000 shares subject to redemption) 

Class B common stock, par value, shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders (Deficit) Equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 3 

NUBIA BRAND INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period From June 14, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 EXPENSES 

Administrative fee - related party 

General and administrative 

TOTAL EXPENSES 

OTHER INCOME 

Income earned on Investments held in Trust Account 

Interest income 

Change in fair value of over-allotment liability 

TOTAL OTHER INCOME 

Net income (loss) before provision for income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income (loss) 

Weighted average number of shares of Class A redeemable common stock outstanding, basic 

Basic net income (loss) per share of Class A redeemable common stock 

Weighted average number of shares of Class A and B non-redeemable common stock outstanding, basic 

Basic net income (loss) per share of Class A and B non-redeemable common stock 

Weighted average number of shares of Class A redeemable common stock outstanding, diluted 

Diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A redeemable common stock 

Weighted average number of shares of Class A and B non-redeemable common stock outstanding, diluted 

Diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A and B non-redeemable common stock 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 4 

NUBIA BRAND INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERs (DEFICIT) EQUITY 

FOR THE PERIOD FROM JUNE 14, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31,
2022 

Class A 

Class B 

Additional 

Stockholders 

Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Paid-in 

Accumulated 

Equity 

Shares 

Amount 

Shares 

Amount 

Capital 

Deficit 

(Deficit) 

Balance, June 14, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

() 

Proceeds Allocated to Public Warrants 

Proceeds from Private Warrants 

Value of transaction costs allocated to the fair value of equity instruments 

() 

() 

Class A common stock issued to Representative 

Class A Common Stock Redeemable Remeasurement Adjustment at Initial Public Offering 

() 

) 

() 

Class A Common Stock Redeemable Remeasurement Adjustment 

() 

() 

Forfeiture of Class B Common Stock 

() 

() 

Net income 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 5 

NUBIA BRAND INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

STATEMENT
OF CASH FLOWS 

For
the Year 
Ended 
December 31, 
2022 
 For
the 
Period 
From 
June 14, 
2021 
(Inception) 
Through 
December 31, 
2021 
 
 Cash Flows From Operating Activities: 

Net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: 

Formation and organization costs paid by related parties 

Income earned on Investments held in Trust Account 

Change in fair value of over-allotment liability 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Other assets 

Income tax payable 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities: 

Cash deposited into Trust Account 

Net Cash Used In Investing Activities 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities: 

Sale of Units in the Initial Public Offering, net of underwriting discount 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Payment of underwriter fees 

Payment of offering costs 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities 

Net change in cash 

Cash at beginning of period 

Cash at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: 

Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs 

Deferred offering costs included in related party payable 

Deferred underwriters compensation charged to temporary equity in connection with the Public Offering 

Class A redeemable Common Stock measurement adjustment at Initial Public Offering 

Deferred offering costs paid in exchange for Class B shares 

Fair value of representative shares 

Fair value of over-allotment option 

Class A Common Stock Redeemable Current Period Remeasurement Adjustment 

Deferred offering costs paid by notes payable 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
these financial statements. 

F- 6 

NUBIA BRAND INTERNATIONAL CORP. 

NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

units Units and, with respect to the shares of common stock included in the Units being offered, the Public
Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 

warrants
(the Private Placement Warrants to Mach FM Acquisitions LLC (the Sponsor at a purchase price of per
Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . 

Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The Units were sold at an offering price
of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . Also, in connection with the partial exercise
of the over-allotment option, the Sponsor and the underwriter purchased an additional Private Placement Warrants at a purchase
price of per warrant generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

of the net assets
held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned
on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires or more
of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for
it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment
Company Act ). Upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering, management agreed that an amount equal to at least per Unit
sold in the Initial Public Offering, including proceeds of the Private Placement Warrants, will be held in a trust account Trust
Account ), located in the United States and invested only in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section
2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself
out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule 2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined
by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the
Trust Account, as described below. 

F- 7 

per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account,
net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s
warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption were recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion
of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing
Liabilities from Equity . 

of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 

of its Public Shares
if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other
provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-business combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 

,
on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each of the available three-month extensions providing a total possible business
combination period of 18 months at a total payment value of . The Company deposited into the trust account in March
2023 to fund the automatic 3-month extension to June 15, 2023. Any such payments would be made in the form of non-interest-bearing loans.
The Company may also seek to amend its charter or governing instruments to extend the time to consummate an initial business combination
in order to effectuate an initial business combination. If the Company completes an initial business combination, it will, at the option
of the sponsor, repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the Company or convert a portion or all
of the total loan amount into warrants at a price of per warrant, which warrants are identical to the private warrants. 

of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public
Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of the Company s remaining stockholders and the Company s board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case
to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law.
There are no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s Units, which will expire worthless if
the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

F- 8 

). 

per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held
in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per public Share due to reductions in
the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims
by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the
Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to
be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims.
The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by
endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective
target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title,
interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

and working capital deficit of . Further, the Company has incurred and expects to continue to incur significant
costs in pursuit of its financing and acquisition plans. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations
in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s
Ability to Continue as a Going Concern , management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the
working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated
in the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association. However, management has determined that these liquidity risks,
as well as if the Company is unsuccessful in consummating an initial business combination within 15 months, or June 15, 2023 as the Company
deposited 1,235,000 into the trust account in March 2023 to fund the automatic 3-month extension, (or up to 18 months, by September
15, 2023, if the Company extends the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of the IPO, the requirement
that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial doubt about the
ability to continue as a going concern for the next twelve months from the issuance of this filing. The balance sheets do not include
any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared
in conformity with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America US GAAP ), which contemplate
continuation of the Company as a going concern. 

F- 9 

F- 10 

million and in investments held in the Trust Account, respectively. The funds held in Trust are invested only in U.S. government
securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, with a maturity of 185 days or less or in
any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting certain conditions of Rule
2a-7 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and
(ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account. All of the Company s investments held in the Trust Account are classified
as trading securities. Trading securities are presented on the balance sheet at fair value at the
end of each reporting period. Gains and losses resulting from the change in fair value of investments held in Trust Account are included
in Income earned on Investments held in Trust Account in the accompanying statements of operations. The estimated fair value of investments
held in Trust Account are determined using available market information. 

. Other costs of 
consisted principally of costs, such as professional, legal and other fees, incurred in connection with preparation for the Initial Public
Offering. These offering costs, together with the underwriter fees of (of which is deferred until successful initial
Business Combination), were allocated between temporary equity in a relative fair value method upon completion of the Initial Public Offering.
In addition, the Company recorded the fair value of for representative shares issued upon close of the Public Offering as well
as the fair value of the remaining over-allotment option of as offering costs. 

are presented as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 

million. The valuation of common stock subject to redemption
includes the Company s estimate of interest held in the Trust Account that is available for payment of taxes, and excludes dissolution
expense of up to since it is only taken into account in the event of the Company s liquidation. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Class A common stock issuance costs 

Plus: 

Class A Common Stock Redeemable Remeasurement Adjustment at IPO 

Remeasurement adjustment for the year ended December 31, 2022 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

F- 11 

excise tax on
the fair market value of stock repurchases made by covered corporations after December 31, 2022. The total taxable value of shares repurchased
is reduced by the fair market value of and newly issued shares during the taxable year. Redemption rights are ubiquitous to nearly
all SPACs. Shareholders have the ability to require the SPAC to repurchase their shares prior to the merger in what is known as a redemption
right, essentially getting their money back. There are two possible scenarios in which redemption rights come into play. First, they can
be exercised by the shareholders themselves because they are exiting the transaction, or second, they can be triggered because the SPAC
did not find a target with which to merge. The Company will continue to access the potential impact of the IR Act. Based on our preliminary
assessment, we do not expect a material impact on our financial statements. 

shares of Class A
common stock in the aggregate. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share of common stock is the same as basic income (loss) per
common stock for the periods presented. On March 10, 2022, the Company effectuated a 1.1-for-1 share split on the Class B
common stock, resulting in an aggregate of founder shares outstanding (up to shares of which were subject to
forfeiture, of which were forfeited, resulting in common stock shares outstanding subsequent to March 10, 2022).
Basic net income per share of common stock excludes the shares subject to forfeiture from weighted average shares
outstanding between January 1, 2022 through March 10, 2022 due to the contingency with forfeiture. Diluted net income per share of
common stock weighted average shares outstanding considers the shares subject to forfeiture as outstanding during the entire
year ended December 31, 2022. For the period from June 14, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the shares subject to
forfeiture were excluded from the basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding. 

F- 12 

Denominator: Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net income per share, Class A Redeemable Common Stock 

Class A and Class B Non-Redeemable Common Stock 

Numerator: Income allocable to Class A and Class B Non-Redeemable Common Stock 

Denominator: Basic weighted average shares outstanding 

Basic net income per share, Class A and Class B Non-Redeemable Common Stock 

Denominator: Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted net income per share, Class A Redeemable Common Stock 

Class A and Class B Non-Redeemable Common Stock 

Numerator: Income allocable to Class A and Class B Non-Redeemable Common Stock 

Denominator: Diluted weighted average shares outstanding 

Diluted net income per share, Class A and Class B Non-Redeemable Common Stock 

Class A and Class B Non-redeemable common stock 

Numerator: Loss allocable to Class B common stock

Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class A and Class B Non-Redeemable Common Stock

. The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 

F- 13 

Units at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable
warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock at
a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). 

Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The Units were sold at an offering price
of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of , from the Company
in private placements that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering. Each Private Placement Warrant is
exercisable to purchase one share of Common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). The proceeds from
the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account.
If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement
Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable
law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants (including the Common stock issuable upon
exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of an
Initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 

Private Placement Warrants at a purchase
price of per warrant generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . 

F- 14 

of the Company s Class B common stock (the Founder Shares for paid for Company deferred offering costs. On
March 10, 2022, the Company effectuated a 1.1-for-1 share split, resulting in an aggregate of Founder Shares outstanding (see
Note 7). All share amounts have been adjusted to reflect the share split. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares
subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number
of Founder Shares equals, on an as-converted basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding shares of common stock
after the Initial Public Offering. During the year ended December 31, 2022, as a result of the partial exercise of the over-allotment
option, the remaining shares subject to forfeiture expired. 

. The Promissory Note is non-interest bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) March 31, 2022 or (ii) the consummation
of the Initial Public Offering (the Original Maturity Date ). On May 20, 2022, the Company and the Sponsor amended and restated
the Promissory Note (the Amended Note (i) to extend the Original Maturity Date to a new maturity date which shall be upon
the earlier of the closing of the Company s initial business combination or the Company s liquidation, and (ii) to permit
the holder of the Amended Note, in its sole discretion, to convert any or all of the unpaid principal under the Amended Note into warrants,
at a price of per warrant, upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
there was outstanding under the Promissory Note. 

per warrant,
upon consummation of the Company s initial business combination. 

of expenses on behalf of the Company,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding balance due was and , respectively. 

per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative
support for up to 18 months. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will
cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded of expenses related to the agreement,
respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there was no balance outstanding. 

F- 15 

of the notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into Warrants at a
price of per Warrant. Such Units would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination
does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds
held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no amounts outstanding
under the Working Capital Loans. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the
Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 

per Unit, or upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments,
LLC, which is the representative of the underwriters in the Initial Public Offering, also received shares of Class A common stock
as compensation in connection with the closing of the Initial Public Offering (the Representative Shares ). In addition,
the underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or , which includes the additional deferred fee from the
exercise of the over-allotment option. he deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

Units pursuant to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option. The Units were sold at an offering price
of per Unit, generating additional gross proceeds to the Company of . The Company recorded the fair value of the remaining
over-allotment option of as a liability on accordance with ASC 815-50 on March 15, 2022. On April 29, 2022, the remaining over-allotment
option expired and the liability was written off to the statements of operations. Upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering, the
Company used a modified Black-Scholes model to value the over-allotment option. See Note 8. 

, the grant date fair value of the shares. 

F- 16 

shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there
were no shares of preferred stock issued or outstanding. 

shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class A common stock
issued and outstanding, respectively. In addition, there were shares of Class A common stock in temporary equity on the balance
sheets. 

shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of Class B
common stock issued and outstanding. At issuance, the Class B common stock included an aggregate of up to shares of Class B common
stock originally subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in
part so that the number of Founder Shares will equal of the Company s issued and outstanding common stock after the Initial
Public Offering. Upon the partial exercise of the over-allotment option, there were shares which were forfeited during the year
ended December 31, 2022 when the remaining over-allotment option expired. 

of the sum of the total number of all shares of common stock outstanding upon the completion
of Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection
with a Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock redeemed in connection with a Business Combination),
excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued or issuable to any seller of an interest in the target to us in a Business Combination. 

warrants outstanding Private warrants and Public Warrants). Public Warrants may only
be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole warrants
will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination and
(b) 12 months from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of a Business
Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

F- 17 

F- 18 

. The over-allotment option was measured at fair value
at inception, and re-measured at March 31, 2022. Upon expiration of the over-allotment option on April 29, 2022, the Company wrote-off
the option to the statements of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded a gain on the change in fair
value of to the statements of operations. 

Expected life of over-allotment option 
 years 
 years 
 
 Expected volatility of underlying stock 

Dividends 

Representative Shares have a grant
date fair value of per share or an aggregate of . The Company measured the fair value of the Representative Shares on the
grant date of the award utilizing a valuation model which considers certain assumptions. These assumptions include the offering price,
the marketability of the Company and the probability of initial business combination, which were considered Level 3 inputs. Upon the Initial
Public Offering, such amounts were allocated to offering costs within stockholders equity (deficit). 

Total deferred tax asset 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax asset, net of allowance 
 -
 
 -

F- 19 

-

Deferred 
 -
 
 -

State and Local 

Current 
 -
 
 -

Deferred 
 -
 
 -

Income tax provision / (benefit) 
 
 -

and , respectively. 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 
 -
 
 -

Change in fair value of overallotment liability 
 
 -

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision (benefit) 

million of its shares of common stock million) to the stockholders of Honeycomb, plus contingent earnout
payments of up to million shares of common stock million) if certain stock price targets are met as set forth in the Merger
Agreement. 

was withdrawn from the
Trust to pay taxes. 

into the trust
account in March 2023 to fund the automatic 3-month extension to June 15, 2023. 

F- 20 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit No. 
 
 Description 
 
 1.1 
 
 Underwriting Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and between the Registrant and EF Hutton, division of Benchmark Investments, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022) 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022) 
 
 3.2 
 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 8, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 8, 2022) 
 
 4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on November 16, 2021) 
 
 4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 8, 2022) 
 
 4.4 
 
 Warrant Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022) 
 
 4.5 
 
 Description of Securities 
 
 10.1 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and among the Registrant and its officers, directors and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.2 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022) 

10.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and among the Registrant and certain security holders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and between the Registrant and Mach FM Acquisitions LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.5 
 
 Indemnity Agreements, each dated as of March 10, 2022, by and between the Registrant and each of the officers and directors of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Subscription Agreement, dated March 10, 2022, by and between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 
 Representative Share Letter, dated March 10, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 16, 2022) 
 
 10.12 
 
 Amended and Restated Promissory Note to Mach FM Acquisitions LLC, dated May 20, 2022. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on May 20, 2022) 
 
 14 
 
 Code of Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14 to Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 8, 2022) 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14 and 15d-14(a) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended., as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.2 
 
 Certifications of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 99.1 
 
 Form of Audit Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 8, 2022) 
 
 99.2 
 
 Form of Compensation Committee Charter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to Amendment No. 7 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A filed with the Securities Exchange Commission on March 8, 2022) 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document. 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

24 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned,
thereunto duly authorized. 

Nubia Brand International Corp. 

Dated: March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jaymes Winters 

Name: 
 Jaymes Winters 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Nubia Brand International Corp. 

Dated: March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Vlad Prantsevich 

Name: 
 Vlad Prantsevich 

Title: 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Accounting and Financial Officer) 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Jaymes Winters 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal executive officer) and Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Jaymes Winters 

/s/ Vlad Prantsevich 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Vlad Prantsevich 

/s/ Alexander Monje 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Alexander Monje 

/s/ David Campbell 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 David Campbell 

/s/ Michael Patterson 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Michael Patterson 

/s/ Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Karin-Joyce (KJ) Tjon 

/s/ Yvonne Brown 
 
 Director 
 
 March 16, 2023 
 
 Yvonne Brown 

25 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-5_nubiabrand.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.5 

DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, our authorized capital stock consists of 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock,
 0.0001 par value, 10,000,000 shares of Class B common stock, 0.0001 par value, and 1,000,000 shares of undesignated preferred
stock, 0.0001 par value. The following description summarizes the material terms of our capital stock. Because it is only a summary,
it may not contain all the information that is important to you. 

Units 

Each unit consists of one share
of Class A common stock and one-half of one redeemable warrant. Only whole warrants are exercisable. Each whole warrant entitles
the holder to purchase one share of Class A common stock. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise his, her
or its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised
at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will
trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

Placement Warrants 

The placement warrants are
identical to the warrants sold in the IPO except that (a) the placement warrants are not be transferable, assignable or salable until
30 days after the consummation of our initial business combination except to permitted transferees, (b) the placement warrants,
so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees, (i) will not be redeemable by us, (ii) may be exercised
by the holders on a cashless basis, and (iii) will be entitled to registration rights. 

Common Stock 

As of March 16, 2023, there
were 12,473,500 shares of Class A common stock and 3,087,500 shares of Class B common of the Company issued and outstanding. 

Common stockholders of record
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. Holders of the Class A common stock and
holders of the Class B common stock will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders,
except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws, or as required by applicable
provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our shares of common stock that are voted
is required to approve any such matter voted on by our stockholders. Our board of directors will be divided into three classes, each of
which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected in each year. There is no cumulative
voting with respect to the election of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the election
of directors can elect all of the directors. Our stockholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the
board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. 

Because our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 100,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, if we were to enter
into an initial business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such an initial business combination) be required to increase
the number of shares of Class A common stock which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our stockholders vote on the initial
business combination to the extent we seek stockholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 

In accordance with Nasdaq corporate
governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following
our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for
the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws, unless such election is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting.
We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination,
and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders
want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold
one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. 

We will provide our stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us
to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in
the trust account is initially anticipated to be approximately 10.20 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to
investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters.
Our sponsor, officers and directors entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they agreed to waive their redemption rights
with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination.
Unlike many blank check companies that hold stockholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial business
combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even
when a vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange requirements, if a stockholder vote is not required by law and we do not
decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation,
conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing
our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation will require these tender offer documents to contain
substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required
under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a stockholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange
requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons, we will, like many blank check companies,
offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules.
If we seek stockholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if a majority of the outstanding shares of common
stock voted are voted in favor of the initial business combination. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person
or by proxy of shares of outstanding capital stock of the company representing a majority of the voting power of all outstanding shares
of capital stock of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. The underwriters will have the same redemption rights as a public stockholder
with respect to any public shares it acquires. The representative has informed us that it has no current commitments, plans or intentions
to acquire any public shares for its own account; however, if they do acquire public shares, it will do so in the ordinary course of business
or in the types of transaction described in the first paragraph under Proposed Business Effecting our Initial Business
Combination Permitted purchases of our securities. The underwriters will not make any such purchases when in possession
of any material nonpublic information not disclosed to the seller, during a restricted period under Regulation M under the Exchange
Act, in transactions that would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10(b)-5 under the Exchange Act, or if prohibited by
applicable state securities laws or broker-dealer regulations. To the extent our initial stockholders or purchasers of placement
warrants transfer any of these securities to certain permitted transferees, such permitted transferees will agree, as a condition to such
transfer, to waive these same redemption rights. Also, our sponsor purchased 5,405,000 at the price of 1.00 per warrant in a private
placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of the IPO. If we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders
for a vote, our sponsor, the other initial stockholders, our officers and our directors have agreed to vote their respective founder shares
and any public shares held by them in favor of our initial business combination. 

The participation of our sponsor,
officers, directors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial
business combination even if a majority of our public stockholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such business combination.
For purposes of seeking approval of the majority of our outstanding shares of common stock voted, non-votes will have no effect on
the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. We intend to give approximately 30 days (but not less
than 10 days nor more than 60 days) prior written notice of any such meeting, if required, at which a vote shall be taken to
approve our initial business combination. These quorum and voting thresholds, and the voting agreements of our initial stockholders, may
make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 

2 

If we seek stockholder approval
of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under
Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 
of the shares of common stock sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our stockholders 
inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such
stockholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such stockholders
will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete the initial business combination. And, as a
result, such stockholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required
to sell their stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

If we seek stockholder approval
in connection with our initial business combination, pursuant to the letter agreement our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed
to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares they may acquire during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately
negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its public
shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction (subject to the limitation described in the preceding
paragraph). 

Pursuant to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months
if our time to complete a business combination is extended as described herein) from the closing of the IPO, we will (i) cease all
operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter
subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate
amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public
shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive
further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such
redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in the case
of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements
of other applicable law. Our sponsor, officers and directors entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they agreed to
waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete
our initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months if our time to complete a business combination is extended
as described herein) from the closing of the IPO. However, if our initial stockholders acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they
will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial
business combination within the prescribed time period. 

In the event of a liquidation,
dissolution or winding up of the company after an initial business combination, our stockholders are entitled to share ratably in all
assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of stock,
if any, having preference over the common stock. Our stockholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking
fund provisions applicable to the common stock, except that we will provide our stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their public
shares for cash equal to their pro rata share of the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, upon the completion of our
initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. 

3 

Founder Shares 

The founder shares are identical
to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units being sold in the IPO, and holders of founder shares have the same stockholder
rights as public stockholders, except that (i) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more
detail below, (ii) our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have
agreed (A) to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with
the completion of our initial business combination, (B) to waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and
any public shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(x) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or
certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 12 months (or up to 18 months if our time to complete a business combination is extended as described herein) from the
closing of the IPO or (y) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business
combination activity and (C) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder
shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months if our time
to complete a business combination is extended as described herein) from the closing of the IPO, although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination
within such time period, (iii) the founder shares are shares of our Class B common stock that will automatically convert into
shares of our Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business combination, on a one-for-one basis,
subject to adjustment as described herein, and (iv) are entitled to registration rights. If we submit our initial business combination
to our public stockholders for a vote, our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed pursuant to the letter agreement to vote any founder
shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately negotiated transactions)
in favor of our initial business combination. 

The shares of Class B
common stock will automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of the consummation of our initial business
combination on a one-for-one basis (subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like), and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities,
are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts offered in the IPO and related to the closing of the initial business combination,
the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless
the holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such
issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares of Class B
common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of the total number of all shares of Class A
common stock outstanding upon completion of the IPO (excluding the representative shares and the placement warrants and underlying securities)
plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial
business combination (excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business
combination, any private placement-equivalent units and their underlying securities issued to our sponsor or its affiliates upon
conversion of loans made to us). We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B common stock at
the time of any future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. They may waive such adjustment due to (but
not limited to) the following: (i) closing conditions which are part of the agreement for our initial business combination; (ii) negotiation
with Class A stockholders on structuring an initial business combination; or (iii) negotiation with parties providing financing
which would trigger the anti-dilution provisions of the Class B common stock. If such adjustment is not waived, the issuance
would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B common stock, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders
of our Class A common stock. If such adjustment is waived, the issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both
classes of our Class A common stock. The term equity-linked securities refers to any debt or equity securities
that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for shares of Class A common stock issues in a financing transaction in connection
with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt. Securities could be deemed
issued for purposes of the conversion rate adjustment if such shares are issuable upon the conversion or exercise of convertible
securities, warrants or similar securities. 

With certain limited exceptions,
the founder shares are not transferable, assignable or saleable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated
with our sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier to occur of: (A) twelve months
after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange
or other similar transaction after our initial business combination that results in all of our public stockholders having the right to
exchange their shares of Class A common stock for cash, securities or other property. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the converted
shares of our Class A common stock will be released from the lock-up subsequent to our initial business combination, if the
reported last sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends,
reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing after our initial
business combination. 

4 

Representative Shares 

We issued the 123,500 representative
shares to the representative for nominal consideration. The holders of the representative shares have agreed not to transfer, assign or
sell any such shares without our prior consent until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, the holders of the
representative shares have agreed (i) to waive their conversion rights (or right to participate in any tender offer) with respect to such
shares in connection with the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) to waive their rights to liquidating distributions
from the trust account with respect to such shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or up
to 18 months if our time to complete a business combination is extended as described herein) from the closing of the IPO. 

We have granted the holders
of these shares the registration rights as described under the section Shares Eligible for Future Sale Registration Rights. 
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, under FINRA Rule 5110(g)(8), the underwriters and/or their designees may only make a demand
registration on one occasion during the five-year period beginning on March 10, 2022, and the underwriters and/or their designees
may participate in a piggy-back registration only during the seven-year period beginning on March 10, 2022. 

Preferred Stock 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that shares of preferred stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors
will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other
special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors
will be able to, without stockholder approval, issue preferred stock with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting
power and other rights of the holders of the common stock and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors
to issue preferred stock without stockholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of
us or the removal of existing management. We have no preferred stock outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend
to issue any shares of preferred stock, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No shares of preferred stock are being
issued or registered in the IPO. 

Redeemable Warrants 

Public Stockholders Warrants 

Each whole warrant entitles
the registered holder to purchase one share of our Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as
discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of 12 months (or up to 18 months if our time to complete a business combination
is extended as described herein) from the closing of the IPO and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination.
Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares of Class A common
stock. This means that only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued
upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be
able to receive or trade a whole warrant. 

The warrants will expire five
years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 

We will not be obligated to
deliver any shares of Class A common stock pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant
exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the shares of Class A common stock underlying
the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below
with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue shares of Class A common stock
upon exercise of a warrant unless Class A common stock issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed
to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions
in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled
to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any
warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such
warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the share of Class A common stock underlying such unit. 

5 

We are not registering the
shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants at this time. However, we have agreed that as soon as practicable
after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering
the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants, to cause such registration statement to become effective
and to maintain a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock until the warrants expire or are redeemed,
as specified in the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the warrants is not effective by the 90 th day after the closing of our initial business combination, warrant holders
may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if a registration statement covering the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants is not effective within a specified period following the consummation of our initial business combination,
warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we shall have failed to
maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis pursuant to the exemption provided by Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, provided that such exemption is available. If that exemption,
or another exemption, is not available, holders will not be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. 

Once the warrants become exercisable,
we may call the warrants for redemption: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per warrant; 

upon not less than 30 days prior written notice
of redemption given after the warrants become exercisable (the 30-day redemption period to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the reported last sale price of the Class A
common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and
the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period commencing once the warrants become exercisable and ending
three business days before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 

If and when the warrants become
redeemable by us, we may not exercise our redemption right if the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of the
warrants is not exempt from registration or qualification under applicable state blue sky laws or we are unable to effect such registration
or qualification. We will use our best efforts to register or qualify such shares of Class A common stock under the blue sky laws
of the state of residence in those states in which the warrants were offered by us in the IPO. 

We have established the last
of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium
to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant
holder will be entitled to exercise its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A common
stock may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations
and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is issued. 

6 

If we call the warrants for
redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its warrant to do so
on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, 
our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect
on our stockholders of issuing the maximum number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If
our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for
that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares
of Class A common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the
 fair market value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose
shall mean the average reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day
prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option,
the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of shares of Class A common stock to be received
upon exercise of the warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner
will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature
is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial business combination. If
we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees
would still be entitled to exercise their placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that
other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis,
as described in more detail below. 

A holder of a warrant may notify
us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant,
to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s
actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the shares of Class A
common stock outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. 

If the number of outstanding
shares of Class A common stock is increased by a stock dividend payable in shares of Class A common stock, or by a split-up of
shares of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such stock dividend, split-up or similar
event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each whole warrant will be increased in proportion to
such increase in the outstanding shares of Class A common stock. A rights offering to holders of Class A common stock entitling
holders to purchase shares of Class A common stock at a price less than the fair market value will be deemed a stock dividend of
a number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product of (i) the number of shares of Class A common stock actually
sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or
exercisable for Class A common stock) and (ii) one (1) minus the quotient of (x) the price per share of Class A
common stock paid in such rights offering divided by (y) the fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering
is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A common stock, in determining the price payable for Class A common
stock, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise
or conversion and (ii) fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A common stock as reported during
the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the shares of Class A common stock trade
on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

In addition, if we, at any
time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the
holders of Class A common stock on account of such shares of Class A common stock (or other shares of our capital stock into
which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) certain ordinary cash dividends, (c) to satisfy
the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to
satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A common stock in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with
our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our Class A common stock
if we do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months if our time to complete a business
combination is extended as described herein) from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to
stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public
shares upon our failure to complete our initial business combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately
after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each
share of Class A common stock in respect of such event. 

7 

If the number of outstanding
shares of our Class A common stock is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse stock split or reclassification of shares
of Class A common stock or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse stock split,
reclassification or similar event, the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased
in proportion to such decrease in outstanding shares of Class A common stock. 

Whenever the number of shares
of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price
will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of
which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such
adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of shares of Class A common stock so purchasable immediately
thereafter. 

In case of any reclassification
or reorganization of the outstanding shares of Class A common stock (other than those described above or that solely affects the
par value of such shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation
(other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization
of our outstanding shares of Class A common stock), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of
the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders
of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in
the warrants and in lieu of the shares of our Class A common stock immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise
of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of shares of stock or other securities or property (including cash) receivable
upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the
holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. 

However, if less than 70 of the consideration
receivable by the holders of Class A common stock in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A common stock in the
successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market,
or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises
the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified
in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such
exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the
exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the
warrants in order to determine and realize the option value component of the warrant. This formula is to compensate the warrant holder
for the loss of the option value portion of the warrant due to the requirement that the warrant holder exercise the warrant within 30 days
of the event. The Black-Scholes model is an accepted pricing model for estimating fair market value where no quoted market price
for an instrument is available. 

The warrants will be issued
in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. You
should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which we filed as an exhibit to the registration statement filed with the SEC in connection
with the IPO, for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrant agreement provides that the
terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, but requires the
approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding public warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests
of the registered holders of public warrants. 

In addition, if (x) we
issue additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with
the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share of Class A common stock (with
such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance
to our sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable,
prior to such issuance), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business
combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will
be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the greater of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per
share redemption trigger price described above will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the greater of the Market
Value and the Newly Issued Price. 

8 

The warrants may be exercised
upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form
on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price
(or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised.
The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A common stock and any voting rights until they exercise
their warrants and receive shares of Class A common stock. After the issuance of shares of Class A common stock upon exercise
of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one (1) vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by stockholders. 

No fractional shares will be
issued upon exercise of the warrants. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in
a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number of shares of Class A common stock to be issued to the warrant
holder. 

We have agreed that, subject
to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement will be brought
and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York,
and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim.
See Risk Factors Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States
District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings
that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum
for disputes with our company. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims
under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole
and exclusive forum. 

Placement warrants 

Except as described below,
the placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in the IPO,
including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. The placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the placement warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or saleable until 30 days after the completion of our
initial business combination (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor). They will
also be exercisable on a cashless basis and will not be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees.
Our sponsor or its permitted transferees have the option to exercise the placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the placement warrants
are held by holders other than the sponsor or its permitted transferees, the placement warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable
by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units being sold in the IPO. 

If holders of the placement
warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number
of shares of Class A common stock equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of shares of Class A
common stock underlying the warrants, multiplied by the difference between the exercise price of the warrants and the fair market
value (defined below) by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value for this purpose shall mean the average
reported last sale price of the Class A common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on
which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable
on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the sponsor or its permitted transferees is because it is not known at this time whether
they will be affiliated with us following an initial business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our
securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities
except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider
cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public stockholders
who typically could sell the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants freely in the open market, the
insiders could be significantly restricted from doing so. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants
on a cashless basis is appropriate. 

In addition, holders of our
placement warrants are entitled to certain registration rights. 

9 

In order to finance transaction
costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers
and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into
warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender, upon consummation of our initial business combination. The warrants
would be identical to the placement warrants. 

Our sponsor has agreed not
to transfer, assign or sell any of the placement warrants (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of any of these
warrants) until the date that is 30 days after the date we complete our initial business combination, except to our officers and
directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our sponsor. 

Dividends 

We have not paid any cash dividends
on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment
of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions
subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination
will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we increase or decrease the size of the offering we will effect
a stock dividend or a share contribution back to capital or other appropriate mechanism, as applicable, with respect to our Class B
common stock immediately prior to the consummation of the offering in such amount as to maintain the ownership of our initial stockholders
at 20.0 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock (excluding the placement warrants and the underlying securities and
representative shares and assuming they do not purchase any units in the IPO) upon the consummation of the IPO. Further, if we incur any
indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 

The transfer agent for our
common stock and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental
Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its stockholders, directors,
officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity,
except for any liability due to any gross negligence, willful misconduct or bad faith of the indemnified person or entity. 

Our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions relating to the IPO that will apply to us until the completion of our
initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of at least 65 of our common stock.
Our initial stockholders (excluding the holders of representative shares), who will collectively beneficially own approximately 20.0 
of our common stock upon the closing of the IPO (assuming they do not purchase any units in the IPO), will participate in any vote to
amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically,
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

If we are unable to complete our initial business combination
within 12 months (or up to 18 months if our time to complete a business combination is extended as described herein) from the
closing of the IPO, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible
but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem 100 of the public shares, at a per-share price,
payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account including interest earned on the funds held in the
trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided
by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders
(including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as
reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve
and liquidate, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) above to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims
of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

10 

Prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue
additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote
on any initial business combination; 

Although we do not intend to enter into an initial business
combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing
so. In the event we enter into such a transaction, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent
investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that such an initial business combination
is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

If a stockholder vote on our initial business combination
is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our
public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents
with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information
about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; whether
or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq, we will provide our public stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above; 

So long as we maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq,
Nasdaq rules require that we must complete one or more business combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of
the value of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest
earned on the trust account) at the time of our signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination; 

If our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation (i) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or certain amendments to our charter prior thereto or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we
do not complete our initial business combination within 12 months (or up to 18 months if our time to complete a business combination
is extended as described herein) from the closing of the IPO or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders 
rights or pre-business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to
us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then outstanding public shares; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination with
another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares unless our net tangible assets
are at least 5,000,001 either immediately prior to or upon consummation of our initial business combination and after payment of underwriters 
fees and commissions. 

11 

Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware
Law and our Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws 

We will be subject to the provisions
of Section 203 of the DGCL regulating corporate takeovers upon completion of the IPO. This statute prevents certain Delaware corporations,
under certain circumstances, from engaging in a business combination with: 

a stockholder who owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting
stock (otherwise known as an interested stockholder ); 

an affiliate of an interested stockholder; or 

an associate of an interested stockholder, for three years
following the date that the stockholder became an interested stockholder. 

A business combination 
includes a merger or sale of more than 10 of our assets. However, the above provisions of Section 203 do not apply if: 

our board of directors approves the transaction that made
the stockholder an interested stockholder, prior to the date of the transaction; 

after the completion of the transaction that resulted in
the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, that stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the
transaction commenced, other than statutorily excluded shares of common stock; or 

on or subsequent to the date of the transaction, the initial
business combination is approved by our board of directors and authorized at a meeting of our stockholders, and not by written consent,
by an affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the outstanding voting stock not owned by the interested stockholder. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances,
a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual meetings. 

Our authorized but unissued
common stock and preferred stock are available for future issuances without stockholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of
corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of
authorized but unissued and unreserved common stock and preferred stock could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain
control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 

Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation will require, to the fullest extent permitted by law, that derivative actions brought in our name, actions against directors,
officers and employees for breach of fiduciary duty and certain other actions may be brought only in the Court of Chancery in the State
of Delaware, except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable
party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction
of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court
or forum other than the Court of Chancery or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. If an
action is brought outside of Delaware, the stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such
stockholder s counsel. Although we believe this provision benefits us by providing increased consistency in the application of law
in the types of lawsuits to which it applies, a court may determine that this provision is unenforceable, and to the extent it is enforceable,
the provision may have the effect of discouraging lawsuits against our directors and officers. 

12 

Our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation provides that the exclusive forum provision will be applicable to the fullest extent permitted by applicable
law, subject to certain exceptions. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction over all suits
brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. As a result,
the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or
any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. In addition, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States
of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause
of action arising under the Securities Act, or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. We note, however, that there is
uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that investors cannot waive compliance with the federal securities
laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state
and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations
thereunder. 

Special meeting of stockholders 

Our bylaws provide that special
meetings of our stockholders may be called only by a majority vote of our board of directors, by our Chief Executive Officer or by our
Chairman. 

Advance notice requirements for stockholder
proposals and director nominations 

Our bylaws provide that stockholders
seeking to bring business before our annual meeting of stockholders, or to nominate candidates for election as directors at our annual
meeting of stockholders, must provide timely notice of their intent in writing. To be timely, a stockholder s notice will need to
be received by the company secretary at our principal executive offices not later than the close of business on the 90 th day
nor earlier than the opening of business on the 120 th day prior to the anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual
meeting of stockholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement
must comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our bylaws also specify certain requirements as to the form and content of a stockholders 
meeting. These provisions may preclude our stockholders from bringing matters before our annual meeting of stockholders or from making
nominations for directors at our annual meeting of stockholders. 

Action by written consent 

Subsequent to the consummation
of the offering, any action required or permitted to be taken by our common stockholders must be effected by a duly called annual or special
meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders other than with respect to our Class B
common stock. 

Classified Board of Directors 

Our board of directors will
initially be divided into three classes, Class I, Class II and Class III, with members of each class serving staggered three-year terms.
Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that the authorized number of directors may be changed only by resolution
of the board of directors. Subject to the terms of any preferred stock, any or all of the directors may be removed from office at any
time, but only for cause and only by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares
of our capital stock entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class. Any vacancy on our board
of directors, including a vacancy resulting from an enlargement of our board of directors, may be filled only by vote of a majority of
our directors then in office. 

Class B Common Stock Consent Right 

For so long as any shares of
Class B common stock remain outstanding, we may not, without the prior vote or written consent of the holders of a majority of the
shares of Class B common stock then outstanding, voting separately as a single class, amend, alter or repeal any provision our certificate
of incorporation, whether by merger, consolidation or otherwise, if such amendment, alteration or repeal would alter or change the powers,
preferences or relative, participating, optional or other or special rights of the Class B common stock. Any action required or permitted
to be taken at any meeting of the holders of Class B common stock may be taken without a meeting, without prior notice and without
a vote, if a consent or consents in writing, setting forth the action so taken, shall be signed by the holders of the outstanding Class B
common stock having not less than the minimum number of votes that would be necessary to authorize or take such action at a meeting at
which all shares of Class B common stock were present and voted. 

13 

Rule 144 

Pursuant to Rule 144,
a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares of our common stock, warrants or rights for at least six months would be entitled
to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any
time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements
for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during
the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. 

Persons who have beneficially
owned restricted shares of our common stock or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time
during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell
within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 

1 of the total number of shares of common stock then outstanding;
or 

the average weekly reported trading volume of the common
stock during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. 

Sales by our affiliates under
Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information
about us. 

Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by
Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies 

Rule 144 is not available
for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than business combination related shell companies) or issuers
that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition
if the following conditions are met: 

the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company
has ceased to be a shell company; 

the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting
requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange
Act reports and materials required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that
the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and 

at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer
filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. 

As a result, our initial stockholders
will be able to sell their founder shares and placement warrants (including component securities contained therein), as applicable, pursuant
to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial business combination. 

Registration Rights 

The holders of the founder
shares, representative shares, placement warrants (including component securities contained therein) and warrants that may be issued upon
conversion of working capital loans, and any shares of Class A common stock issuable upon the exercise of the placement warrants
and any shares of Class A common stock and warrants (and underlying Class A common stock) issued as part of the conversion of
the working capital loans and Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of the founder shares, will be entitled to registration
rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement entered into on March 10, 2022, requiring us to register such securities for resale
(in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to our Class A common stock). The holders of the majority of these securities
are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have
certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our
initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities
Act. The registration rights agreement does not contain liquidated damages or other cash settlement provisions resulting from delays in
registering our securities. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. We will
bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 

Listing of Securities 

Our units, Class A common
stock and warrants have been approved for listing on Nasdaq under the symbols NUBIU, NUBI and NUBIW, 
respectively. The shares of our Class A common stock and warrants are listed separately and as a unit on Nasdaq. 

14 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex31-1_nubiabrand.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Jaymes Winters, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nubia Brand International Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether material or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 16, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Jaymes Winters 

Jaymes Winters, Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-2_nubiabrand.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Vlad Prantsevich, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Nubia Brand International Corp.; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a. 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b. 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c. 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d. 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a. 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information; and 

b. 
 Any fraud, whether material or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: 
 March 16, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Vlad Prantsevich 

Vlad Prantsevich, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex32-1_nubiabrand.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

STATEMENTS REQUIRED BY 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT 

 TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Nubia Brand International Corp. (the Company ), for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jaymes Winters, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of my knowledge
and belief: 

1. 
 The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 
 March 16, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Jaymes Winters 

Jaymes Winters, Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-2_nubiabrand.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

STATEMENTS REQUIRED BY 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT 

 TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K
of Nubia Brand International Corp. (the Company ), for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and
Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Vlad Prantsevich, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, hereby
certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to the best of
my knowledge and belief: 

1. 
 The Form 10-K fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. 
 The information contained in the Form 10-K fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and result of operations of the Company. 

Dated: 
 March 16, 2023 

By: 
 /s/ Vlad Prantsevich 

Vlad Prantsevich, Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 nubi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 nubi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 nubi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 nubi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 nubi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

