<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1770141_0001628280-23-010152.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19436034</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>597421</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3244475</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7108641</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>4245572</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3911904</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001628280-23-010152.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331161117
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001628280-23-010152
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		130
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			UpHealth, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001770141
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SERVICES-HEALTH SERVICES [8000]
		IRS NUMBER:				833838045
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38924
		FILM NUMBER:		23787731

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14000 S. MILITARY TRAIL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 203
		CITY:			DELRAY BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33484
		BUSINESS PHONE:		888.424.3646

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		14000 S. MILITARY TRAIL
		STREET 2:		SUITE 203
		CITY:			DELRAY BEACH
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33484

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GigCapital2, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20190308

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001628280-23-010152.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 uph-20221231.htm
 10-K

uph-20221231 
 
 Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 For the transition period from ________ to ________ 
 Commission file number 
 
 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol(s) 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: ______________ 
 (Title of Class) 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes o x 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes o x 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. x No o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). x No o 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 
 o 
 Accelerated filer 
 o 
 
 x Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). o 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes o No 
 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant, based on the closing price of the registrant s common stock on the New York Stock Exchange as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, June 30, 2022, was million. Shares of common stock beneficially owned by each executive officer, director, and holder of more than 10 of the registrant s common stock have been excluded in that such persons or entities may be deemed to be affiliates of the registrant. This determination of affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 
 APPLICABLE ONLY TO REGISTRANTS INVOLVED IN BANKRUPTCY 
 PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PRECEDING FIVE YEARS: 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. o Yes o No 
 (APPLICABLE ONLY TO CORPORATE REGISTRANTS) 
 The registrant had outstanding shares of common stock, 0.0001 par value per share, as of March 30, 2023. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Table of Contents 

 Pages PART I 
 Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 13 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 48 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 48 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 48 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 53 
 PART II 
 Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 54 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 54 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 54 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 74 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F- 1 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 93 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 93 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 94 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 95 
 PART III 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 96 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 96 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 96 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 96 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 96 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 97 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 101 
 Signatures 
 102 
 
 i 

Table of Contents 

 PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 
 A full discussion of the general development of our business and information about our legal predecessor is included in the section entitled Business in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021 filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC on April 18, 2022 (the 2021 Annual Report ). The following discussion provides an update to the general development of our business and includes material developments that have occurred since the date the 2021 Annual Report was filed and incorporates by reference the full discussion in the 2021 Annual Report, which is available here . 
 
 OUR BUSINESSES 
 
 Overview 
 
 The terms we, our, us, its, UpHealth, or the Company used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Annual Report refer to UpHealth, Inc. and its subsidiaries. 
 
 UpHealth is a healthcare technology and technology-enabled services company with a mission to enable high quality, affordable, and accessible healthcare for all. Our three distinct, yet complementary business platforms Integrated Care Management, Virtual Care Infrastructure and Services empower health systems, health plans, employers, and government agencies and ministries to improve patient and provider experience, quality, access, and population health, and to reduce the cost of healthcare and eliminate wasteful spending. 
 
 The ability to ingest complex healthcare data and apply health care expertise and insights allows us to serve people, care providers, payors, communities and governments with innovative digital technology products and services to help our customers solve many of the challenges facing healthcare today. 
 
 Integrated Care Management combines technology, data, and clinical expertise to empower payors and providers with the guidance and tools they need to improve population health through its SyntraNet TM platform. This platform improves overall health system performance by leveraging distinctive capabilities in data and analytics, health information exchanges, pharmacy care services, health care operations, and population health. Integrated Care Management serves the healthcare marketplace, including payors, providers, governments, and life sciences. 
 
 Virtual Care Management leverages digital health tools, technology, data, and analytics to provide telehealth solutions, which use electronic information and telecommunications technologies to support and promote long-distance clinical health care, patient and professional health-related education, public health and health administration, and virtual care infrastructure solutions to improve access to healthcare and to resolve health disparities across the care continuum. Virtual Care Management serves the healthcare marketplace, including providers, health systems, and government agencies. 
 
 Our Services platform provides behavioral health, mental health, and pharmacy services in the United States, which are critically important to managing whole person care and its associated costs. Our Services business serves the healthcare marketplace, including direct patient care, government agencies, and providers. 
 
 Completed Business Combinations 
 
 On June 9, 2021, UpHealth acquired (a) UpHealth Holdings, Inc. UpHealth Holdings and its subsidiaries, which became a wholly owned subsidiary, in an exchange of shares of UpHealth common stock for all the shares of UpHealth Holdings capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the acquisition, and (b) Cloudbreak Health, LLC Cloudbreak ), which became a wholly owned subsidiary, in an exchange of shares of UpHealth common stock for all of the Cloudbreak membership units issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the acquisition. In connection with the closing of the acquisition of UpHealth Holdings, certain promissory notes owed by UpHealth Holdings which became due at the closing of the acquisition of UpHealth Holdings were paid in cash, and the remaining promissory notes owed by UpHealth Holdings were assumed. In connection with the closing of the acquisition of Cloudbreak, certain promissory notes owed by Cloudbreak which were due at the closing of the acquisition of Cloudbreak were paid in cash. 
 
 Upon completion of the transactions, UpHealth structured its business across three segments: (a) Integrated Care Management through its subsidiary Thrasys, Inc. Thrasys (b) Virtual Care Infrastructure through its subsidiaries Glocal Healthcare Systems Private Limited Glocal and Cloudbreak; and (c) Services through its subsidiaries Innovations Group, Inc. Innovations Group ), Behavioral Health Services, LLC BHS and TTC Healthcare, Inc. TTC ). 
 
 1 

Table of Contents 

 After undergoing a process launched in the second half of 2021 designed to help us determine how to tie the various components of the businesses brought together between November 2020 and June 2021 that we launched in the summer of 2021, in 2022, we turned to transforming our business strategy to create a company that can profitably fulfill our mission as an integrated whole. By considering our previous financial performance, we determined that it was necessary for us to pivot and to focus on fewer investments for growth. As a result, we sought to establish a company that will deliver high-quality, predictable revenue streams, conserve cash and readjust our operating expenses, and improve operational excellence. This led us to make the following decisions with regard to our reporting segments: 
 
 As a result of the previously disclosed ongoing control issues and legal proceedings with Glocal, UpHealth deconsolidated Glocal in July 2022. These issues and disputes are described in our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2022 and November 14, 2022, and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on December 29, 2022, as well as in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of this Annual Report. Accordingly, although Glocal is included in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment operating results for the first six months of 2022, it is not included in the Virtual Care Infrastructure business discussion for the latter six months of 2022. As of March 31, 2023, the operations of Glocal remain deconsolidated from the rest of UpHealth as we continue to pursue all legal recourse against the founders of that business. 
 
 On February 26, 2023, UpHealth Holdings agreed to sell 100 of the outstanding capital stock of Innovations Group to Belmar MidCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation Belmar and a wholly owned subsidiary of Belmar Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, a portfolio company of Webster Capital IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement dated February 26, 2023, by and among UpHealth, UpHealth Holdings, Innovations Group, and Belmar. The sale is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023, subject to the completion of required regulatory filings. Innovations Group s financial results are included in the discussion of full year 2022 results for the Services business, as they are considered held-for-sale. 
 
 At the start of 2023, we made the decision to integrate BHS into our legacy TTC operations and wind down our provider practice in Missouri. As such, BHS results for 2022 are included in the full year 2022 results for the Services business. 
 
 Following all of these changes, our reporting structure remains the same. We have three business segments: (a) Integrated Care Management, which has evolved from the legacy Thrasys business; (b) Virtual Care Infrastructure, which uses Martti TM , a platform developed by the legacy Cloudbreak business; and (c) Services, which is focused on behavioral health services using a platform created by the legacy TTC business. 
 
 Going forward, UpHealth will offer patient-centric digital health technologies and technology-enabled services to manage health and behavioral health across our strategic business segments. We are focused on integrating the value streams represented across these three product and service lines, and focusing on building more data and analytics capabilities to complement our technology. Additionally, we are working on a partnership to incorporate artificial intelligence AI into our core product offerings. As of December 31, 2022, UpHealth, Inc. served: 
 
 Approximately 9 million lives on its Integrated Care Management platform in California and other states; 
 Approximately 3 million lives where we provided telehealth services at over 2,800 U.S. healthcare venues; 
 O ver 10,000 patients since opening were provided behavioral health services; and 
 Over 300,000 lives, and 18,500 prescribers, for whom we filled over 10 million prescriptions at an average of 1,049 prescriptions per day. 
 
 Market Opportunity 
 
 In December 2022, the World Health Organization Global Report measured the global healthcare market at 9 trillion, including public and private spending and ranging across the spectrum of healthcare services. We believe that this market is broken, fragmented, and in great need of change. According to government data from the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), national health expenditure in the United States alone was 4.3 trillion in 2021, representing 18.3 of Gross Domestic Product GDP ). 
 
 The long-standing macro factors that are driving the healthcare landscape today and straining current systems include an increasingly aging population, growing prevalence of chronic illnesses, unsustainable and escalating costs, and inequitable access to care. While these are not novel challenges, they are accelerating rapidly and exacerbating fundamental flaws in an inefficient healthcare system ill-equipped to provide the necessary services for all its constituents. 
 
 2 

Table of Contents 

 We believe there is a heightened demand for digital services that can improve the management of population health and care delivery, eventually leading to the practice of digital health. We believe these advancements are leading to a convergence of technology, data, analytics, information, and connectivity to improve health care and health outcomes. 
 
 We are building a sustainable, scalable business that provides digital health technology and technology enabled services that enhance the patient and the provider experience, improve population health, and reduce healthcare costs. We are creating solutions that improve access to high quality, affordable care by connecting stakeholders in the healthcare ecosystem with digital tools and workflows. Doing this will position UpHealth as an indispensable partner to payors, providers and patients as they evolve to the practice of digital health. 
 
 An additional area of focus for us going forward is data and analytics. The U.S. Healthcare Analytics market is projected to grow from 35 billion in 2022 to 167 billion in 2030. Market growth drivers will include: 
 
 Tech-led, and tech-enabled services will create more value in an otherwise slow-adopting healthcare environment; 
 Expansion of labor pool will increase the need for data and analytic tools to drive more efficient workflows; 
 Continued move into risk bearing models, across primary care and specialty-focused models; 
 Data-focused plays around a (partially) unified patient record will likely see an acceleration; and 
 Increased relevance and opportunities in carve outs while near-term importance of proving business model stability and Return on Investment ROI become more critical. 
 
 We currently work with some of the largest payors in the California market where we have implemented Health Information Exchange systems and technology platforms to improve patient engagement in community-based care. The size of the data and analytics market in California alone is projected to grow over 20 per year for the next decade. We currently have over 3 billion unique data points across our 12 million covered lives. Our data includes claims and encounter data, clinical data, social determinants of health data, consumer data and medical care adherence data. We are working to use that data to help our clients make better decisions about their businesses and we intend to use this asset to supplement our technology products and services to create greater value for our clients. 
 
 In tegrated Care Management 
 
 Integrated Care Management is our healthcare technology business that serves organizations that pay for healthcare, including health plans and state, federal and municipal agencies that ensure the people they sponsor receive high-quality care, administered and delivered efficiently and effectively, all while driving health equity so that every individual, family, and community has access to the care they need. 
 
 Integrated care is the collaboration among health professionals to provide complete treatment to patients and improve overall well-being. Our Integrated Care Management business is powered by the SyntraNet TM technology platform and applications. SyntraNet TM is a configurable integrated health management platform that enables clinical and community-based care teams to share information, coordinate care, manage utilization, and improve health outcomes and costs for individuals and populations especially individuals with complex medical, behavioral health, and social needs. 
 
 SyntraNet TM creates virtual care communities logical networks of organizations, care managers and service providers that function as an integrated care team to deploy programs to improve health, quality, performance, efficiency, and costs. 
 
 Core features of the platform include the ability to: 
 
 Create virtual, cross-sector care communities; 
 Integrate and organize information from a wide range of health and social health data sources; 
 Gain insight into health, risks, and opportunities with advanced analytics; 
 Qualify and enroll groups into programs; 
 Coordinate care teams across the continuum of care; and 
 Analyze and report on various measures of success. 
 
 Our Integrated Care Management platform provides health plans and provider groups the ability to manage health with new value-based models of care. Our clients include the largest public health plan in the United States, entities that are part of the nation s most comprehensive whole person care initiatives, and one of the fastest growing value-based pharmacy benefit managers. 
 
 Integrated Care sells its products primarily through its direct sales force, strategic collaborations and external producers in two key areas: payors including health plans and third-party administrators and public entities including state and local health care agencies. Revenue is derived from license fees, recurring subscription fees, and professional services for implementation. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Virtual Care Infrastructure 
 
 Virtual Care Infrastructure is a technology and technology-enabled services business that connects healthcare systems with platforms, analytics and services that make clinical and administrative processes simpler and more efficient. Hospital systems, physicians, and patients depend on UpHealth to help them improve performance, reduce costs and advance care quality through technology-enabled services built directly into clinical workflows. 
 
 Powered by Martti , Virtual Care Infrastructure is a provider of unified telehealth solutions and digital health tools aimed at increasing access to healthcare and resolving health disparities across the care continuum. The Virtual Care Infrastructure business segment has one of the largest installed user bases in the nation, performing more than 300,000 encounters per month on over 40,000 video endpoints at over 2,800 healthcare venues in over 250 languages across the United States. Through its integrated telehealth and language access services, the platform serves as the digital front door to in-hospital care. The Martti TM platform provides digital health infrastructure enabling its partners to implement unique, private-label telehealth strategies customized to their specific needs and markets, with language access built-in. 
 
 In 2022, Martti TM expanded its operations by leveraging its existing platform to include other telemedicine use cases, such as telestroke, teleneurology, and telepsychiatry. We also launched a home health virtual visit platform enabling healthcare system partners to see their patients remotely on any device, at any time, anywhere the patient may be, and in any language they may speak. 
 
 Virtual Care Infrastructures products and services are sold primarily through a direct sales force. Virtual Care Infrastructure s products are also supported and distributed through an array of alliances and business partnerships with other technology vendors, who integrate and interface our products with their applications. Our Virtual Care Infrastructure business offers an expanding suite of telehealth use cases, which are delivered under multi-year contracts that include fixed minimums with upside attributable to usage-based fees. Our client base includes hospitals and health systems, federally qualified healthcare clinics FQHCs ), urgent care centers, stand-alone clinics and medical practices. 
 
 Services 
 
 Our Services platform provides behavioral health and pharmacy services in the United States, which are critically important to managing whole person care and its associated costs. Our comprehensive behavioral health capabilities are powered by UpHealth Behavioral TM and provide evidence-based and tech-enabled behavioral health and substance abuse services via onsite care delivery and telehealth. Our Services platform is working to deliver an increasing volume of services, including telehealth services, to existing customers, as well as clients belonging to the Integrated Care Management and Virtual Care Infrastructure platforms. 
 
 UpHealth Behavioral TM provides comprehensive patient-centered care, addressing the physical, mental, and social well-being of our clients. We engage people in the most appropriate care settings, including clinical sites, out-patient and virtual. UpHealth Behavioral TM delivers behavioral health services; helps patients and providers navigate and address complex, chronic behavioral health needs; offers post-acute care planning services; and serves consumers and care providers through advanced, on-demand digital health technologies, such as telehealth. UpHealth Behavioral TM works directly with consumers, care delivery systems, providers, payors, and public-sector entities to provide high quality, accessible and equitable care with improved health outcomes and reduced total cost of care. 
 
 UpHealth Behavioral TM sells its products primarily through its direct sales force, and strategic collaborations in two key areas: payors including health plans, third-party administrators; and public entities including the U.S. Departments of Veterans Affairs and other federal, state, and local health care agencies. 
 
 Our pharmacy business, Innovations Group, is powered by MedQuest Pharmacy, a full-service retail and compounding pharmacy licensed in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia that dispenses prescribed medications shipped directly to patients. It is capable of serving as a retail or national fulfillment center. Other services and products are also available, such as lab and testing services, nutritional supplements, and education and training for medical practitioners. 
 
 On February 26, 2023, UpHealth Holdings agreed to sell 100 of the outstanding capital stock of Innovations Group. We expect the sale to close in the second quarter of 2023, subject to the completion of required regulatory filings. 
 
 International 
 
 We continue to pursue legal actions against the founders of Glocal. We have an experienced leadership team hired and ready to assume leadership of that business should we choose to bring it back following the arbitration process. The international 
 4 

Table of Contents 

 leadership team is currently focused on building out global operations to support our cost containment efforts and they are also working to productize our telehealth offerings for the international market. 
 
 UpHealth Innovation Lab 
 
 In January 2023, UpHealth created an Innovation Lab tasked with innovating the most market forward solutions, technology and services, to address the needs of the healthcare market. Products that fall under this umbrella include: 
 
 Data analytics: UpHealth applies predictive and prescriptive analytics to more than 3.1 billion clinical and social health data points to enable us to provide enterprises with deep insights to support sophisticated targeting and intervention strategies. We are creating a state-of-the-art data fabric that simplifies data sharing and ensures data is discoverable across multiple systems. UpHealth s data and analytics will enable organizations to implement advanced patient risk stratification and prescriptive next-best actions. 
 
 Digital health: UpHealth s AI-driven digital health solutions are intended to enhance revenue through hyper-personalized customer experiences and productivity through the automation of re-designed healthcare operations. 
 
 Key Performance Indicators 
 
 As a digital health technology and technology enabled services company, we measure several key performance indicators KPIs across our platform related to adoption and utilization by users. We believe that the following KPIs will impact our ability to improve the health of patients and help to inform how we manage operations: 
 
 Number of lives: Our mission is to transform care delivery and support healthier individuals and communities. We believe that our digital health technology and tech-enabled services support this mission by empowering providers to deliver coordinated, personalized, affordable, and effective care globally to improve health outcomes. The number of lives served by us globally helps us to assess our performance managing that mission as well as our potential impact on the broader healthcare market. As of December 31, 2022, UpHealth, Inc. had approximately 9 million lives served in integrated care management in the United States. 
 
 Number of care venues: We believe that the number of care venues using our platform globally is an indicator of future revenue growth because we derive meaningful revenue from consultation, diagnostic, and medication dispensing fees, as well as device utilization in the care venues we serve. These venues also provide a base footprint into which we can provide other products and services across our platform. A care venue represents a distinct physical location of a medical care site, hospital, or health system. As of December 31, 2022, UpHealth, Inc. had approximately 2,800 distinct care venues globally. 
 
 Number of encounters: Because our service and utilization revenue will generally increase with the number of consultations, we believe the number of global (domestic and internationally) consultations provides us with useful information on period-to-period performance as evaluated by management, and comparison with our past financial performance. We define core consultations as encounters as patients and providers utilizing our core services, including digital encounter teleconsultations and onsite consultations. UpHealth Behavioral TM admitted and treated 1,000 patients during calendar year 2022 and MedQuest Pharmacy filled an average of approximately 1,049 prescriptions per day in 2022. 
 
 We believe our operational performance will drive our financial results, which will be evaluated at the corporate and segment level. The key financial metrics to which we manage our business include revenues, gross margin, and adjusted Earnings Before Interest, Taxes, Depreciation and Amortization EBITDA ), which consists of net income (loss) attributable to us, excluding depreciation and amortization; stock-based compensation; lease abandonment expenses; goodwill and intangible asset impairments; acquisition, integration, and transformation costs; other income (expense); income tax benefit (expense); income (loss) from equity investment; net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests; and other non-recurring charges to GAAP net income (loss) attributable to us. Other non-recurring charges to GAAP net income (loss) attributable to us may include transaction expenses in connection with capital raising transactions (whether debt, equity or equity-linked) and acquisitions, whether or not consummated, purchase price adjustments, the cumulative effect of a change in accounting principles, or other expenses determined to be non-recurring. 
 
 As we expand our role as a partner for key stakeholders in the practice of digital health, we anticipate developing a set of shared performance indicators, such as impact on total cost of care, functional health of members and targeted populations, and satisfaction level of the care experience by providers, customers, and payors. 
 
 Business Strategy 
 5 

Table of Contents 

UpHealth is a healthcare technology and technology enabled services company that enables high quality, affordable and accessible healthcare for all. UpHealth has proven solutions with significant revenue and customer momentum, as well as numerous opportunities to achieve synergistic growth. In 2022, we made the decision to transform our business, making hard decisions to focus on those businesses with strong products and customer relationships. We shut down many initiatives that were not producing results and we reduced the size of our workforce accordingly. Finally, we brought in several new leaders to help us drive the business forward. 
 
 In 2023, we will focus on executing our One UpHealth strategy and implementing our three-year plan. 2023 will be a year for us to recalibrate the baseline of our business. We will integrate our population health and telehealth technologies, build out our data and analytics services to complement our technology, incorporate AI into our telehealth offering through the creation of virtual agents, leverage our technology to create a tele-behavioral product and build out international operations to support our cost containment ambitions. We created the UpHealth Innovation Lab to accelerate our investments in data analytics and AI and to enhance the UpHealth brand in the marketplace. All of this will help us to make the transition from small, sub-scale businesses to a sustainable, scalable business that delivers value to our customers. 
 
 Keys to Our Growth Plan 
 
 We bring a set of attributes to the market that we believe will continue to differentiate us across our major stakeholders and end markets. While there have been a number of recent innovations across one-off point solutions aimed at solving specific pain points, we believe they tend to lack a comprehensive approach to addressing broad challenges across the care continuum, and thus fail to fully solve healthcare disparities for all stakeholders. What is required is a combination of innovative technologies and technology-enabled services that are integrated within the workflows and core operating systems of payors, providers, and patients. We believe that the digital health platforms that thrive long term will be those that enable a hybrid model of care delivery, enhancing onsite care settings with an integrated digital infrastructure that provides virtual care access and engagement while also coordinating and connecting both community and clinical care teams within defined populations. 
 
 An Integrated Global Digital Health Platform Addressing Critical Market Needs 
 
 We operate in the healthcare landscape across three large and high growth digital healthcare markets, providing a comprehensive care hub across multiple care settings. We aim to reshape healthcare delivery through integrated offerings that unite the healthcare ecosystem, enabling the practice of digital healthcare (i.e., the use of information and communications technologies in medicine and other health professions to manage illnesses and health risks and to promote wellness). Together, these advancements are leading to a convergence of people, information, technology, and connectivity that improve healthcare and health outcomes through a more coordinated, data-driven, and personalized care experience. We seek to deliver on our vision of providing a guided care experience for patients and providers that is frictionless, engaging, and easy to use. 
 
 Growth Levers 
 
 Below are the levers through which we believe UpHealth will accelerate growth of the platform: 
 
 Win large, high value deals. Our Integrated Care Management business, which signs initial multi-year contract terms with recurring revenue, covered 9 million lives in 2022. Our Virtual Care Infrastructure business has signed multiple deals with large hospital systems that give us scale across their facilities. Our behavioral health business is developing a center of excellence model that can be expanded into other states. We must continue to win these large, high value deals to grow our business. We have set a goal of tripling our pipeline in 2023 which will set us up to build and scale our business for growth in 2024. 
 
 Elevate our client engagement. We have identified thirty-six strategic accounts across our strategic businesses for which we intend to focus on implementing a more robust client engagement model. This will allow us to communicate more effectively the value we are creating for our clients and help us find other channels for growth within the relationships we already have. We are also in the process of expanding self-service analytics for many of our clients, as well as segmented client engagement models that align with client size. These enhancements will drive both client engagement as well as operational efficiencies. 
 
 Expand within our existing strategic clients. UpHealth provides a suite of products across the continuum of care for any entity managing complex patient populations. This enables UpHealth to become a strategic partner for health systems, government entities, and plans, providing services from integrated care management to language translation and interpretation. We are positioned to offer the market a unique, multifaceted and integrated approach to technologies, processes, and services spanning the continuum of care, which creates numerous synergy opportunities across our businesses. As customers use UpHealth s solutions, the platform will enable them to further utilize the 
 6 

Table of Contents 

 platform s growing network and dataset to help them provide even better care to a greater population. For example, our operations now have the opportunity to leverage the 2,800+ U.S. healthcare venues that are currently utilizing our telehealth services. Additionally, UpHealth Behavioral TM has expanded into in-patient behavioral health. This is a growing market, growing at 7 annually, offering extensive growth potential in behavioral telehealth which now accounts for 35 of all behavioral health visits, up from low single digits pre-pandemic. 
 
 Grow and diversify our customer base . We have a very strong core of strategic accounts. We are focused on building out our commercial model to help us to grow and diversify our customer base. We will invest in additional resources for sales, marketing, and product development to enable us to communicate our integrated value proposition to payors, providers, and life sciences companies that purchase our solutions. In addition to direct sales, in 2023 we are expanding our presence with channel and strategic referral partners. Our behavioral health team is expanding contracts with payors to increase in-patient volume. 
 
 Lead with innovative Digital Solutions. Our behavioral health platform plans to expand telepsychiatry services in conjunction with Integrated Care by leveraging Martti relationships with over 2,800 care venues. Innovative features of our telemedicine digital dispensary and AI-guided, evidence-based care solution will be reengineered to enable introduction into U.S. and other developed international markets. Integrated Virtual Care will continue to roll out specific teleconsultation applications beyond telepsychiatry. Each of these initiatives are expected to provide meaningful revenue opportunities. 
 
 Scale Prioritized Sectors. We are focused on growing our telehealth, integrated care and behavioral and mental health products and services. Through our UpHealth Innovation Lab, we are adding Data Analytics as a service through an Analytics cloud based platform to complement our technology products, as all of our prioritized sectors are seeking out these solutions. We will also investigate supplementing our organic growth strategy with select acquisitions to increase market share across our current capabilities, accelerate entry into new capabilities, and expand offerings into new end markets. We plan to leverage our existing capabilities within the three core segments. We will continue to selectively evaluate and, where strategically appropriate, pursue acquisition opportunities that are complementary. 
 
 Sales, Marketing and Client Management 
 
 We market our products and our services to our existing and prospective clients through our sales and client management teams, which are aligned by business segment and cross-industry domains such as payor, provider and life sciences. Our sales and client management teams operate from the United States and are supported by our business development teams. 
 
 Our sales, marketing and business development teams are responsible for new client acquisitions, public relations, relations with outsourcing advisory companies, lead generation, knowledge management, content development, campaign management, digital or web presence, brand awareness and participation in industry forums and conferences. Our professionals generally have significant experience in healthcare, technology, data and analytics, and digital technology within our focus markets. 
 
 Clients 
 
 UpHealth generated revenues from approximately 400 clients in 2022. Our top three, five and ten clients generated 19.1 , 24.7 and 33.9 of our revenues, respectively, during 2022. Our revenue concentration with our top clients has reduced year-over-year as we continue to develop relationships with new clients to diversify our client base. We believe that the loss of any of our ten largest clients could have a material adverse effect on our financial performance. 
 
 Competition 
 
 As a relatively young health care company, we operate in highly competitive markets across the full expanse of healthcare technology and technology enabled services. The markets in which we participate are highly competitive, with increasing competition from new entrants and expansion by existing competitors. We view our competitors as companies that currently, or in the future will, (i) develop and market digital health technology or (ii) provide telehealth and expert medical services, such as the delivery of on-demand access to healthcare. Competition for developing and marketing digital health technology and the provision of telehealth focuses on, among other factors, technology, breadth and depth of functionality, range of associated care delivery services, operational experience, customer support, size of customer base, and reputation. We compete fundamentally on the quality and value we provide to those we serve which can include elements such as product and service innovation; use of technology; consumer and provider engagement and satisfaction; and sales, marketing and pricing. 
 
 We expect to face intensifying competition from existing competitors in our particular capabilities, platforms looking to broaden their services offerings, and new entrants that introduce digital health services and software platforms or other technology. We currently face competition from a range of point solutions, including specialized software providers that are 
 7 

Table of Contents 

 continuing to more deeply integrate their technology with care delivery services. In addition, large, well-financed healthcare providers have in some cases developed their own telemedicine services and technologies and may provide these solutions to their patients at discounted prices. 
 
 We believe that we are uniquely positioned on the basis of these factors and that the offerings of competitors do not comprehensively address the needs of our key stakeholders across our key markets, or fail to do so at scale. 
 
 See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for additional discussion of our risks related to competition. 
 
 GOVERNMENT REGULATIONS 
 
 Our businesses are subject to comprehensive U.S. federal and state and international laws and regulations. Our business, and our customers businesses, are regulated by agencies which generally have discretion to issue regulations and interpret and enforce laws and rules. U.S. federal and state and international governments continue to consider and enact various legislative and regulatory proposals which could materially impact certain aspects of the health care system. New laws, regulations and rules, or changes in the interpretation of existing laws, regulations and rules, including as a result of changes in the political environment, could adversely affect our businesses. 
 
 See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for a discussion of the risks related to our compliance with U.S. federal and state and international laws and regulations. 
 
 U.S. Federal and State Laws and Regulations 
 
 Our existing and planned operations are subject to comprehensive U.S. federal, state and local and international regulation in the jurisdictions in which we do business. Our ability to operate profitably will depend in part upon our ability, and that of our affiliated providers, to maintain all necessary licenses and to operate in compliance with applicable laws and rules. Those laws and regulations continue to evolve, and we therefore devote significant resources to monitoring developments in healthcare, data privacy and security, and medical practice laws and regulations. As the applicable laws and rules change, we are likely to make conforming modifications in our business processes from time to time. In some jurisdictions where we operate, neither our current nor our anticipated business model has been the subject of formal judicial or administrative interpretation. We cannot be assured that a review of our business by courts or regulatory authorities will not result in determinations that could adversely affect our operations or that the healthcare regulatory environment will not change in a way that impacts our operations. 
 
 Our businesses are also subject to laws and regulations relating to consumer protection, anti-fraud and abuse, anti-kickbacks, false claims, prohibited referrals, inappropriate reduction or limitation of health care services, anti-money laundering, securities and antitrust compliance. 
 
 Privacy, Security and Data Standards Regulations 
 
 Certain of our operations are subject to regulation under the administrative simplification provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended HIPAA ). Federal regulations related to HIPAA contain minimum standards for electronic transactions and code sets and for the privacy and security of protected health information. In the conduct of our business, depending on the circumstances, we may act as either a covered entity or a business associate. With our health system clients, and our health plan clients, including affiliated medical groups, which are all regulated as covered entities under HIPAA, we are a business associate. We are also a business associate of our covered entity clients when we are providing technology services to those clients via our telehealth platform. Where we provide behavioral health clinical services, we are the covered entity. 
 
 Some of our businesses must comply with the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act (HITECH) which regulates matters relating to privacy, security and data standards. HITECH imposes requirements on uses and disclosures of health information; includes contracting requirements for HIPAA business associate agreements; extends parts of HIPAA privacy and security provisions to business associates; adds federal data breach notification requirements for covered entities and business associates and reporting requirements to HHS and the Federal Trade Commission FTC and, in some cases, to the local media; strengthens enforcement and imposes higher financial penalties for HIPAA violations and, in certain cases, imposes criminal penalties for individuals, including employees. 
 
 Telehealth Provider Licensing, Medical Practice, Certification and Related Laws and Guidelines 
 
 The practice of medicine is subject to various federal, state, and local certification and licensing laws, regulations, approvals, and standards, relating to, among other things, the adequacy of medical care, the practice of medicine (including the provision 
 8 

Table of Contents 

 of remote care), equipment, personnel, mitigating potential conflicts of interests, operating policies and procedures, and the prerequisites for the prescription of medication and ordering of tests. The application of some of these laws to telehealth is unclear, evolving, and subject to differing interpretation. Many states have specific statutes and regulations addressing provision of medical care via telehealth modalities and requirements that must be met to do so. Generally, the services provided must fall within the scope of practice for the licensed professional per the particular state s board licensing rules and regulations, the same standard of care needs to be met as required for in-person care, and physicians must obtain informed consent from patients to the care provided and the virtual setting. 
 
 Physicians who provide professional medical services to a patient via telehealth must, in most instances, hold a valid license to practice medicine in the state in which the patient is located. We have established systems for ensuring that our affiliated physicians are appropriately licensed under applicable state law and that their provision of telehealth to our clients occurs in each instance in compliance with applicable rules governing state licensing requirements. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations could result in licensure actions against the physicians, our services being found to be non-reimbursable by payors, or prior payments being subject to recoupments and can give rise to civil, criminal or administrative penalties. 
 
 Generally, physicians providing services through telehealth must also use HIPAA-compliant technology. Certain types of technology, such as audio-video synchronous technology, may be required for compliance with state laws and reimbursement depending on the type of service and the payor. 
 
 Pharmacy Laws and Regulations 
 
 For the period through the closing of the sale of IGI, we will remain subject to extensive federal, state, and local regulation applicable to pharmacy businesses. Pharmacies, pharmacists, and pharmacy technicians are subject to a variety of federal and state statutes and regulations governing various aspects of the pharmacy business, including the distribution of drugs; operation of mail order pharmacies; licensure of facilities and professionals, including pharmacists, technicians and other healthcare professionals; packaging, storing, distributing, shipping and tracking of pharmaceuticals; repackaging of drug products; labeling, medication guides, and other consumer disclosures; interactions with prescribing professionals; compounding of prescription medications; counseling of patients; prescription transfers; advertisement of prescription products and pharmacy services; security; controlled substance inventory control and recordkeeping; and reporting to the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (the FDA , state boards of pharmacy, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and other state enforcement or regulatory agencies. Many states have laws and regulations requiring out-of-state mail-order pharmacies to register with that state s board of pharmacy. In addition, the FDA inspects facilities in connection with procedures to effect recalls of prescription drugs. The Federal Trade Commission also has requirements for mail-order sellers of goods. The United States Postal Service (the USPS has statutory authority to restrict the transmission of drugs and medicines through the mail to a degree that may have an adverse effect on our mail-order operations. The USPS historically has exercised this statutory authority only with respect to controlled substances. If the USPS restricts our ability to deliver drugs through the mail, alternative means of delivery are available to us. However, alternative means of delivery could be significantly more expensive. The Department of Transportation has regulatory authority to impose restrictions on drugs inserted into the stream of commerce. These regulations generally do not apply to the USPS and its operations. 
 
 Corporate Practice of Medicine Laws in the U.S.; Fee Splitting 
 
 The companies that are part of UpHealth contract with physicians or physician-owned professional associations and professional corporations to provide them and their patients with access to our platform. These contractual relationships are subject to various state laws that prohibit fee splitting or the practice of medicine by lay entities or persons and that are intended to prevent unlicensed persons from interfering with or influencing a physician s professional judgment. Activities other than those directly related to the delivery of healthcare may be considered an element of the practice of medicine in many states. Under the corporate practice of medicine restrictions of certain states, decisions and activities that may be performed by unlicensed individuals or entities and perceived as impacting the clinical decision-making of licensed professionals such as scheduling, policy and procedure development, contracting, setting rates and the hiring and management of clinical personnel may implicate the restrictions on the corporate practice of medicine. Similarly, certain compensation arrangements between licensed professionals and unlicensed individuals and entities can implicate state fee-splitting prohibitions, which prohibit providers from sharing a portion of their professional fees collected with third parties. 
 
 State corporate practice of medicine and fee splitting laws and rules vary from state to state and are not always consistent across states. In addition, these requirements are subject to broad interpretation and enforcement by state regulators. Some of these requirements may apply to us even if we do not have a physical presence in the state, based solely on our engagement of a provider licensed in the state or the provision of telehealth to a resident of the state. Thus, regulatory authorities or other parties, including our providers, may assert that, despite these arrangements, we are engaged in the corporate practice of medicine or that our contractual arrangements with affiliated physician groups constitute unlawful fee splitting. In such event, failure to comply could lead to adverse judicial or administrative action against us and/or our affiliated providers, civil, criminal or 
 9 

Table of Contents 

 administrative penalties, receipt of cease and desist orders from state regulators, loss of provider licenses, the need to make changes to the terms of engagement of our providers that interfere with our business, and other materially adverse consequences. 
 
 U.S. Federal and State Fraud and Abuse Laws 
 
 Federal Stark Law 
 
 We are subject to the federal Physician Self-Referral Law, commonly known as the Stark Law. Where applicable, this law prohibits a physician from referring Medicare or Medicaid patients for designated health services such as laboratory and radiology services that are furnished at an entity if the physician or a member of such physician s immediate family has a financial relationship (including an ownership interest or a compensation arrangement) with the entity, unless an exception applies. The Stark Law also prohibits the entity from billing Medicare or Medicaid for such designated health services. Sanctions for violating the Stark Law include denial of payment, civil monetary penalties per claim submitted and exclusion from the federal healthcare programs. Failure to refund amounts received as a result of a prohibited referral on a timely basis may constitute a false or fraudulent claim and may result in civil penalties and additional penalties under the federal False Claims Act (described below). The statute also provides for a penalty for a circumvention scheme. The Stark Law is a strict liability statute, which means proof of specific intent to violate the law is not required. In addition, the government and some courts have taken the position that claims presented in violation of various healthcare fraud and abuse statutes, including the Stark Law, can be considered a violation of the federal False Claims Act (described below) based on the contention that a provider impliedly certifies compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and other rules when submitting claims for reimbursement. A determination of liability under the Stark Law could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Federal Anti-Kickback Statute 
 
 We are also subject to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute. The Anti-Kickback Statute is a broadly worded, intent-based federal criminal statute that prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, provision, solicitation or receipt of any form of remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, in return for, or to induce, (i) the referral of a person for the furnishing or arranging for the furnishing of items or services reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal health care programs or (ii) the purchasing, leasing or ordering or arranging or recommending purchasing, leasing or ordering of any item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federal healthcare programs. Certain federal courts have held that the Anti-Kickback Statute can be violated if one purpose of a payment is to induce referrals. In addition, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of this statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation, making it easier for the government to prove that a defendant had the requisite state of mind or scienter required for a violation. Moreover, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the False Claims Act, as discussed below. Violations of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute may result in civil monetary penalties for each violation, plus up to three times the remuneration involved. Civil penalties for such conduct can further be assessed under the federal False Claims Act. Violations of the Federal Anti-Kickback Statute can also result in criminal penalties, including criminal fines and imprisonment. Similarly, violations can result in exclusion from participation in the federal healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. Imposition of any of these remedies could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although there are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute that protect certain common industry practices from prosecution, the exceptions and safe harbors are narrowly drawn, and arrangements may be subject to scrutiny or penalty if they do not fully satisfy all elements of an available exception or safe harbor. However, the failure of a financial relationship to meet all of the applicable safe harbor criteria does not necessarily mean that the particular arrangement violates the Anti-Kickback Statute. 
 
 Although we believe that our arrangements with physicians and other referral sources comply with current law and available interpretative guidance, as a practical matter, it is not always possible to structure our arrangements so as to fall squarely within an available safe harbor. Where that is the case, we cannot guarantee that applicable regulatory authorities will determine these financial arrangements do not violate the Anti-Kickback Statute or other applicable laws, including state anti-kickback laws. 
 
 Federal False Claims Act 
 
 Both federal and state government agencies have continued civil and criminal enforcement efforts as part of numerous ongoing investigations of healthcare companies and their executives and managers. Although there are a number of civil and criminal statutes that can be applied to healthcare providers, a significant number of these investigations involve the federal False Claims Act, which imposes civil penalties against individuals or entities for, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, false or fraudulent claims for payment to a federal health care program or knowingly making using or causing to be made or used a false statement or record material to payment of a false claim or avoiding, decreasing or concealing an 
 10 

Table of Contents 

 obligation to pay money to the federal government. Federal False Claims Act actions can be initiated not only by the government but also through civil whistleblower or qui tam lawsuits. Penalties for False Claims Act violations include fines for each false claim, plus up to three times the amount of damages sustained by the federal government. A False Claims Act violation may provide the basis for exclusion from federal healthcare programs. There is also the federal criminal False Claims Act, which is similar to the federal civil False Claims Act and imposes criminal liability on those that make or present a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim to the federal government. 
 
 Foreign and State Fraud and Abuse Laws 
 
 There are state and foreign law equivalents of the above federal laws, such as the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act. The scope of these laws and the interpretations of them vary by jurisdiction and are enforced by local courts and regulatory authorities, each with broad discretion. Some state fraud and abuse laws apply to items or services reimbursed by any third party payor, including commercial insurers or to any payor, including to funds paid out of pocket by a patient. A determination of liability under such state fraud and abuse laws could result in fines and penalties and restrictions on our ability to operate in these jurisdictions. 
 
 Other Healthcare Laws 
 
 HIPAA established several separate criminal penalties for making false or fraudulent claims to insurance companies and other non-governmental payors of healthcare services. Under HIPAA, these two additional federal crimes are: Healthcare Fraud and False Statements Relating to Healthcare Matters. The Healthcare Fraud statute prohibits knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme or artifice to defraud any health care benefit program or to obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any health care benefit program in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines, imprisonment, or exclusion from federal healthcare programs. The False Statements Relating to Healthcare Matters statute prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing, or covering up a material fact by any trick, scheme or device or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or representations, or making or using any materially false writing or document knowing the same to contain any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement or entry in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services. A violation of this statute is a felony and may result in fines or imprisonment. This statute could be used by the government to assert criminal liability if a healthcare provider knowingly fails to refund a known overpayment. These provisions are intended to punish some of the same conduct in the submission of claims to private payors as the federal False Claims Act covers in connection with federal healthcare programs. 
 
 In addition, the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law imposes civil administrative sanctions for, among other violations, inappropriate billing of services to the federal healthcare programs and employing or contracting with individuals or entities who are excluded from participation in the federal healthcare programs. Moreover, a person who offers or transfers to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary any remuneration, including waivers of copayments and deductible amounts (or any part thereof), that the person knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary s selection of a particular provider, practitioner or supplier of Medicare or Medicaid payable items or services may be liable for civil monetary penalties of up to 20,866 for each wrongful act. Moreover, in certain cases, providers who routinely waive copayments and deductibles for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries can also be held liable under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and civil False Claims Act, which can impose additional penalties associated with the wrongful act. Although this prohibition applies only to federal health care program beneficiaries, the routine waivers of copayments and deductibles offered to patients covered by commercial payors may implicate applicable state laws related to, among other things, unlawful schemes to defraud, excessive fees for services, tortious interference with patient contracts, and statutory or common law fraud. 
 
 International Regulation 
 
 Our international operations are subject to different, and sometimes more stringent, legal and regulatory requirements, which vary widely by jurisdiction, including anti-corruption laws; economic sanctions laws; various privacy, insurance, tax, tariff and trade laws and regulations; corporate governance, privacy, data protection (including the EU s General Data Protection Regulation which became effective in May 2018 across the EU, which would be applicable if we expand our operations into the EU), data mining, data transfer, labor and employment, intellectual property, consumer protection and investment laws and regulations; discriminatory licensing procedures; required localization of records and funds; and limitations on dividends and repatriation of capital. In addition, the expansion of our operations into foreign countries increases our exposure to the anti-bribery, anti-corruption and anti-money laundering provisions of U.S. law, including the FCPA, and corresponding foreign laws, including the UK Bribery Act. 
 
 The FCPA prohibits offering, promising or authorizing others to give anything of value to a foreign government official to obtain or retain business or otherwise secure a business advantage. We also are subject to applicable anti-corruption laws of the 
 11 

Table of Contents 

 jurisdictions in which we operate. Violations of the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws may result in severe criminal and civil sanctions as well as other penalties, and the SEC and the DOJ have increased their enforcement activities with respect to the FCPA. The UK Bribery Act is an anti-corruption law that is broader in scope than the FCPA and applies to all companies with a nexus to the United Kingdom. Disclosures of FCPA violations may be shared with the UK authorities, thus potentially exposing companies to liability and potential penalties in multiple jurisdictions. We have internal control policies and procedures and conduct training and compliance programs for our employees to deter prohibited practices. However, if our employees or agents fail to comply with applicable laws governing our international operations, we may face investigations, prosecutions and other legal proceedings and actions which could result in civil penalties, administrative remedies and criminal sanctions. 
 
 We also are subject to regulation by the Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC ). OFAC administers and enforces economic and trade sanctions based on U.S. foreign policy and national security goals against targeted foreign countries and regimes, terrorists, international narcotics traffickers, those engaged in activities related to the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction, and other threats to the national security, foreign policy or economy of the United States. In addition, we may be subject to similar regulations in the non-U.S. jurisdictions in which we operate. 
 
 The healthcare industry in India is subject to laws, rules and regulations in the regions where we conduct our business or in which we intend to expand our operations. Given our digital health centers are situated at multiple locations, we are subject to various and extensive local law, rules and regulations relating, among other things, to the setting up and operation of private medical care establishments. Health and safety laws and regulations in India are becoming increasingly stringent in recent years, and it is possible that they will become significantly more stringent in the future. India is also in the process of and has certain legislation pending regarding increased data privacy. 
 
 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS 
 
 We rely upon a combination of trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws, as well as license and access agreements and other contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. 
 
 We have obtained trademark registration for the UpHealth name and logo. We own registrations for certain of our other trademarks in the United States and abroad. Unless otherwise noted, trademarks appearing in this report are trademarks owned by us. We disclaim any proprietary interest in the marks and names of others. 
 
 We own and use trademarks and service marks on or in connection with our services, including both unregistered common law marks and issued trademark registrations in several jurisdictions. In addition, we rely on certain intellectual property rights that we license from third parties and on other forms of intellectual property rights and measures, including trade secrets, know-how and other unpatented proprietary processes and nondisclosure agreements, to maintain and protect proprietary aspects of our products and technologies. These licenses are standard licenses for common, easily replaceable commercial infrastructure. We require our employees, consultants and certain of our contractors to execute confidentiality agreements in connection with their employment or consulting relationships with us. We also require our employees and consultants to disclose and assign to us inventions conceived during the term of their employment or engagement while using our property or which relate to our business. 
 
 No subsidiaries have any existing or planned patents. We may continue to submit patent applications for new inventions and ideas we develop as well as monitor competitors in an effort to protect our intellectual property. 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings relating to intellectual property arising in the ordinary course of our business, including opposition to our applications for patents, trademarks or copyrights, challenges to the validity of our intellectual property rights, and claims of intellectual property infringement. We are not presently a party to any such legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. 
 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, we may become involved in legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of our business. Except as set forth in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of this Annual Report, we are not presently a party to any legal proceedings that, in the opinion of our management, would individually or taken together have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Regardless of outcome, litigation can have an adverse impact on us due to defense and settlement costs, diversion of management resources, negative publicity, reputational harm and other factors. 
 
 See Part I, Item 1A, Risk Factors for additional discussion of our risks related to legal proceedings. 
 
 HUMAN CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Our 631 full-time employees and contractors, as of December 31, 2022, are guided by our mission to enable high quality, affordable, and accessible healthcare for all. Our mission and cultural values of integrity, respect, accountability, innovation and performance align with our long-term business strategy to enhance patient and provider experiences, improve population health, and to make care more affordable by reducing healthcare costs and eliminating wasteful spending. Our mission and values attract individuals who want to be part of something bigger than themselves individuals whose talents are critical to our ability to achieve our mission. Due to the start-up nature of our business, in 2022 we experienced moderately higher levels of employment attrition. However, we continue to invest in our workforce, and our investment allows us to meet the needs of those we serve. We are committed to developing our people and culture by creating an inclusive environment where people of diverse backgrounds, experiences and perspectives make us better. We have embedded diversity and inclusion throughout our culture, including in our talent acquisition and talent management practices. We strive to maintain a sustainable and diverse talent pipeline. We support career coaching and mentorship. We invest in a broad array of learning and culture development programs. We rely on a leadership feedback framework, which clearly and objectively defines our expectations, and provides timely feedback to our people to help achieve our mission. Our compensation philosophy and practices are to be competitive in the marketplace, rewarding and recognizing our employees contributions with a competitive total compensation package. This allows us to attract and retain top talent in the healthcare technology market. Finally, we continuously seek feedback from our employees. Receiving on-going feedback from our team members is another way to strengthen and reinforce a culture of inclusion. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 611 full-time employees and 20 contractors as follows: (a) UpHealth corporate had 45 full-time employees and 1 contractor; (b) the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment had 138 full-time employees and 18 contractors; (c) the Services segment had 376 employees and no contractors; and (d) Integrated Care Management had 52 full-time employees and 1 contractor. As of March 26, 2023, we had 587 full-time employees and 20 contractors. 
 
 OPERATIONS 
 
 Our principal executive offices are located at 14000 South Military Trail, Suite 203, Delray Beach, Florida 33484. We also have facilities in Florida and Missouri and office space in California, Ohio and Utah. We lease all of our properties. We may procure additional space as we add employees and expand geographically. We believe that our current facilities are adequate to meet our needs for the immediate future, and that, should it be needed, suitable additional space will be available to accommodate any such expansion. 
 
 INFORMATION ABOUT OUR LEADERSHIP TEAM 
 
 Our leadership team is composed of industry experts and innovators with extensive healthcare, technology and organizational knowledge. Our leaders have decades of experience founding, building and successfully scaling private and public companies. Our Board of Directors is chaired by UpHealth co-founder, Dr. Avi Katz. We are led by our Chief Executive Officer, Samuel Meckey. Our other executive officer is our Chief Financial Officer, Martin Beck. Please refer to Part III, Item 10, Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance for additional information regarding our executive officers, including the business experience of each executive officer during the past five years. Our Integrated Care Management, Virtual Care Infrastructure, and Services capabilities are led by the executives of the businesses that comprise them. Key corporate services such as finance, human resources, sales, marketing and research and development are aligned under our executive team. 
 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 
 You can access our website at www.uphealthinc.com to learn more about our company. We are subject to reporting obligations under the Exchange Act, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current event reports, proxy statements and other information with the SEC. We make periodic and current reports and amendments available, free of charge, on our website, as soon as reasonably practicable after we file or furnish these reports to the SEC. Information on or linked to our website is neither part of nor incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or any other SEC filings. You can also read our SEC filings over the Internet at the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC s website. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. The risk factors summarized below could materially harm the business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations of the Company, impair our future prospects and/or cause the price of our common stock to decline. These risk factors are discussed more fully below in the section below. These risk factors 
 13 

Table of Contents 

 are not exhaustive. Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following: 
 
 Our business, results of operations and financial condition may fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may result in a decline in our stock price if such fluctuations result in a failure to meet any projections that we may provide or the expectations of securities analysts or investors; 
 The high degree of uncertainty of the level of demand for and market utilization of our solutions; 
 Our existing customers may choose not to continue or renew their contracts with us, renew at lower fee levels, or decline to purchase additional applications and services from us, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 Failure to successfully execute on the terms of our contracts could result in significant harm to our business; 
 If our applications and services are not adopted by our customers, or if we fail to innovate and develop new applications and services that are adopted by our customers, our revenue and results of operations will be adversely affected; 
 Our sales and implementation cycle can be long and unpredictable and requires considerable time and expense, which may cause our results of operations to fluctuate; 
 The impact of natural or man-made disasters and other similar events, including earthquakes, power outages, fires, floods, nuclear disasters, health epidemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), war (including the conflict in Ukraine), and acts of terrorism or other criminal activities, on our business, financial condition, growth and the actions we may take in response thereto; 
 Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price; 
 Our ability to generate the amount of cash needed to support our debt obligations depends on many factors beyond our control; 
 Our debt agreements contain restrictions that may limit our flexibility in operating our business, and any default on our secured credit facility could result in foreclosure by our secured noteholders on our assets; 
 Substantial regulation and the potential for unfavorable changes to, or failure by us to comply with, these regulations, which could substantially harm our business and operating results; 
 Our dependency upon third-party service providers for certain technologies, including proper maintenance of our data; 
 Increases in costs, disruption of supply or shortage of materials, which could harm our business; 
 Developments and projections relating to our competitors and industry; 
 Issues arising from or related to the use of AI in our offerings, which may result in reputational harm or liability; 
 Limitations on our use of data related to current customer contracts and the impact of healthcare regulations, which may slow or limit the growth of our data and analytics offerings; 
 Current or future litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend, and we could experience losses or liability not covered by insurance; 
 Concentration of ownership among our existing executive officers, directors and their respective affiliates, which may prevent new investors from influencing significant corporate decisions; 
 The lack of assurance that we will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of the NYSE; 
 If we do not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or securities analysts, the market price of our securities may decline; 
 The divestiture of our Innovations Group business and related assets presents risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations, and there is no assurance that we will realize any of the anticipated benefits of the divestiture consistent with our expectations; 
 Our significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations; 
 14 

Table of Contents 

 Our ability to generate the amount of cash needed to pay interest and principal on our indebtedness and our ability to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness or obtain additional financing depends on many factors beyond our control; 
 We may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment; 
 We are exposed to data and cybersecurity risks that could result in data breaches, service interruptions, ransomware and demands, harm to our reputation, protracted and costly litigation or significant liability; and 
 If we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Risks Relating to UpHealth s Business and Industry 
 
 Our business is susceptible to a multitude of risks, any of which could impact our revenues. These risk factors are discussed more fully below in the section below. These risk factors are not exhaustive. Material risks that may affect our business, operating results and financial condition include, but are not necessarily limited to, the following: 
 
 Our business, results of operations and financial condition may fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may result in a decline in our stock price if such fluctuations result in a failure to meet any projections that we may provide or the expectations of securities analysts or investors. 
 
 The operating results of our business segments have in the past varied, and our operating results in the future could vary, significantly from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. Furthermore, as a result of ongoing disputes with the board of our Indian subsidiary, Glocal as described above, as of July 1, 2022, we are not including the operating results of Glocal in our consolidated financial statements. We may fail to match past performance, our projections or the expectations of securities analysts because of a variety of factors, many of which are outside of our control. As a result, we may not be able to accurately forecast our operating results and growth rate. Any of these events could cause the market price of our common stock to fluctuate. Factors that may contribute to the variability of our operating results include: 
 
 the addition or loss of large customers, including through acquisitions or consolidations of such customers; 
 seasonal and other variations in the timing of our sales and implementation cycles, especially in the case of our large customers; 
 travel restrictions, shelter in place orders and other social distancing measures implemented by public health officials, and the impact of such measures on economic, industry and market conditions, customer spending budgets and our ability to conduct business; 
 the timing of recognition of revenue, including possible delays in the recognition of revenue due to unpredictable implementation timelines; 
 the timing and success of introductions of new products and services by us or our competitors or any other change in the competitive dynamics of our industry, including consolidation among competitors, hospital and healthcare system customers or strategic partners; 
 the amount of operating expenses and timing related to the maintenance and expansion of our business, operations and infrastructure; 
 our ability to effectively manage the size and composition of our proprietary network of healthcare professionals relative to the level of demand for services from our customers; 
 customer renewal rates and the timing and terms of such renewals; 
 technical difficulties or interruptions in our services; 
 breaches of information security or privacy; 
 our ability to hire and retain qualified personnel; 
 changes in the structure of healthcare provider and payment systems; 
 changes in the legislative or regulatory environment, including with respect to healthcare, privacy or data protection, or enforcement by government regulators, including fines, orders or consent decrees; 
 the cost and potential outcomes of ongoing or future regulatory investigations or examinations, or of future litigation; 
 political, economic and social instability, including recessions, inflation, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations, acts of war (such as the recent Russian invasion of Ukraine), terrorist activities and health epidemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), and any disruption these events may cause to the global economy; and 
 changes in business or macroeconomic conditions. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

The impact of one or more of the foregoing and other factors may cause our operating results to vary significantly. As such, we believe that quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year comparisons of our operating results may not be meaningful and should not be relied upon as an indication of future performance. 
 
 The level of demand for and market utilization of our solutions are subject to a high degree of uncertainty. 
 
 With respect to our digital health services, the market for digital health services and related technology is in the early stages of development and characterized by rapid change and volatility. As digital health specialty consultation workflows and related business drivers continue to evolve, the level of demand for and market utilization of our digital health services and platform remain subject to a high degree of uncertainty. Our success will depend to a substantial extent on the willingness of our customers to use, and to increase the frequency and extent of their utilization of, our products and services and our ability to demonstrate the value of digital health to employers, health plans, government agencies and other purchasers of healthcare for beneficiaries in our key digital health markets. If healthcare provider and payor organizations and government agencies and health ministries do not recognize or acknowledge the benefits of our digital health services or software platform or if we are unable to reduce healthcare costs or generate positive health outcomes, then the market for our solutions might not further develop, or it might develop more slowly than we expect. Similarly, negative publicity regarding patient confidentiality and privacy in the context of technology-enabled healthcare or concerns about our solutions or the digital health market as a whole could limit market acceptance of our solutions. If our customers do not perceive the benefits of our solutions, then our market may not develop at all, or it may develop more slowly than we expect. Achieving and maintaining market acceptance of our solutions could be negatively affected by many factors, including: 
 
 the popularity, pricing and timing of digital health consultation services being launched and distributed by us and our competitors; 
 general economic conditions, particularly economic conditions adversely affecting discretionary and reimbursable healthcare spending; 
 federal and state policy initiatives impacting the need for and pricing of digital health services; 
 changes in customer needs and preferences; 
 the development of specialty care practice standards or industry norms applicable to digital health consultation services; 
 the availability of other forms of medical and digital health assistance; 
 lack of additional evidence or peer-reviewed publication of clinical evidence supporting the safety, ease-of-use, cost-savings or other perceived benefits of our solutions over competitive products or other currently available methodologies; 
 perceived risks associated with the use of our solutions or similar products or technologies generally; and 
 critical reviews and public tastes and preferences, all of which change rapidly and cannot be predicted. 
 
 In addition, our solutions may be perceived by our customers or potential customers to be more complicated or less effective than traditional approaches, and they may be unwilling to change their current healthcare practices. Healthcare providers are often slow to change their medical treatment practices for a variety of reasons, including perceived liability risks arising from the use of new products and services and the uncertainty of third-party reimbursement. Accordingly, healthcare providers may not recommend our solutions until there is sufficient evidence to convince them to alter their current approach. Any of these factors could adversely affect the demand for and market utilization of our solutions, which would have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If our existing customers do not continue or renew their contracts with us, renew at lower fee levels, or decline to purchase additional applications and services from us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We expect to derive a significant portion of our revenues from the renewal of existing customer contracts and sales of additional applications and services to existing customers. As part of our growth strategy, we have focused on expanding the services we provide to current customers. As a result, selling additional applications and services is critical to our future business, revenue growth and results of operations. 
 
 Factors that may affect our ability to sell additional applications and services include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 the price, performance and functionality of our solutions; 
 the availability, price, performance and functionality of competing solutions; 
 our ability to develop and sell complementary applications and services; 
 the stability, performance and security of our products and solutions; 
 changes in healthcare laws, regulations or trends; and 
 16 

Table of Contents 

 the business environment of our customers. 
 
 We generally enter into subscription access contracts with our customers. Most of our customers have no obligation to renew their subscriptions for our solutions after the initial term expires. In addition, our customers may negotiate terms less advantageous to us upon renewal, which may reduce our revenue from these customers. If our customers fail to renew their contracts, renew their contracts upon less favorable terms or at lower fee levels, or fail to purchase new products and services from us, our revenue may decline, or our future revenue growth may be constrained. 
 
 Failure to successfully execute on the terms of our contracts could result in significant harm to our business. 
 
 A key aspect to our success is our ability to scale our capabilities to implement our solutions satisfactorily with respect to large customers, which currently constitute the substantial majority of our customer base within the Integrated Care Management business segment. Large customers often require specific features or functions unique to their membership base, which, at a time when we are implementing cost cutting measures and launching new products to achieve significant growth, may strain our implementation capacity and hinder our ability to successfully implement our solutions to our customers in a timely manner. We may also need to make further investments in our technology and automate portions of our solutions or services to decrease our costs. If we are unable to address the needs of our customers, or our customers are unsatisfied with the quality of our solutions or services, they may not renew their contracts, or may seek to cancel or terminate their relationship with us or renew on less favorable terms, any of which could negatively impact our revenues. 
 
 Additionally, we do not control our customers implementation schedules. As a result, if our customers do not allocate the internal resources necessary to meet their implementation responsibilities or if we face unanticipated implementation difficulties, the implementation may be delayed. If the customer implementation process is not executed successfully or if execution is delayed, we could incur significant costs, customers could become dissatisfied and decide not to increase utilization of our solution or not to implement our solution beyond an initial period prior to their term commitment or, in certain cases, revenue recognition could be delayed. In addition, competitors with more efficient operating models with lower implementation costs could jeopardize our customer relationships. 
 
 In addition, certain of our contracts are increasing in complexity, requiring integration of data, systems, people, programs and services, the execution of sophisticated business activities, and the delivery of a broad array of services to large numbers of people who may be geographically dispersed. The failure to successfully manage and execute the terms of these agreements could result in the loss of fees and/or contracts and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. 
 
 If our applications and services are not adopted by our customers, or if we fail to innovate and develop new applications and services that are adopted by our customers, our revenue and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 
 Our longer-term results of operations and continued growth will depend in part on our ability to successfully develop and market new applications and services that our customers want and are willing to purchase. In addition, we have invested, and will continue to invest, significant resources in research and development and partnering with AI partner solutions to enhance our existing solutions and introduce new high-quality applications and services. If existing customers are not willing to make additional payments for such new applications, or if new customers do not value such new applications, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to predict user preferences or if our industry changes, or if we are unable to modify our solutions and services on a timely basis, we may lose customers. Our results of operations will also suffer if our innovations are not responsive to the needs of our customers and members, appropriately timed with market opportunity, or effectively brought to market. 
 
 Rapid technological change in our industry and the interoperability with third-party technologies presents us with significant risks and challenges. 
 
 Our success will depend on our ability to enhance our solutions with next-generation technologies and to develop or to acquire and market new services to access new consumer populations. As our operations grow, we must continuously improve and upgrade our systems and infrastructure while maintaining or improving the reliability and integrity of our infrastructure as the cost of technology increases. Our future success also depends on our ability to adapt our systems and infrastructure to meet rapidly evolving consumer trends and demands while continuing to improve the performance, features, and reliability of our solutions in response to competitive services and offerings. There is no guarantee that we will possess the resources, either financial or personnel, for the research, design and development of new applications or services, or that we will be able to utilize these resources successfully and avoid technological or market obsolescence. Further, there can be no assurance that technological advances by one or more of our competitors or future competitors will not result in our present or future applications and services becoming uncompetitive or obsolete. If we are unable to enhance our offerings to keep pace with rapid technological and regulatory change, or if new technologies emerge that are able to deliver competitive offerings at lower 
 17 

Table of Contents 

 prices, more efficiently, more conveniently, or more securely than our offerings, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 If we fail to manage our growth effectively, our expenses could increase more than expected, our revenues may not increase and we may be unable to successfully execute on our growth initiatives, business strategies or operating plans. 
 
 We are continually executing a number of growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans designed to enhance our business, including the introduction of new products and solutions, such as AI driven telehealth infrastructure and data analytics. The anticipated benefits from these efforts are based on several assumptions that may prove to be inaccurate. At the same time that we are initiating these growth plans, we have also implemented cost cutting measures to conserve cash reserves. There is a natural struggle between cutting costs and growth, which puts strain on our business, operations and employees. Moreover, we may not be able to successfully complete these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans and realize all the benefits, including growth targets and cost savings, that we expect to achieve, or it may be more costly to do so than we anticipate. A variety of risks could cause us not to realize some or all the expected benefits. These risks include, among others, delays in the anticipated timing of activities related to such growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans, and increased difficulty and cost in implementing these efforts, including difficulties in complying with new regulatory requirements. Our strategic plans around the use of data and data analytics may suffer setbacks if existing and potential customers refuse to renegotiate contractual limitations on use of data. As a result, we cannot assure you that we will realize these benefits. If, for any reason, the benefits we realize are less than our estimates or the implementation of these growth initiatives, strategies and operating plans adversely affect our operations or cost more or take longer to effectuate than we expect, or if our assumptions prove inaccurate, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected 
 
 While we anticipate that our operations will continue to expand, to manage our current and anticipated future growth effectively, we must continue to maintain and enhance our information technology infrastructure, financial and accounting systems and controls. We must also attract, train and retain a significant number of qualified sales and marketing personnel, customer support personnel, professional services personnel, software engineers, technical personnel, finance and accounting personnel and management personnel, and the availability of such personnel, in particular software engineers, may be constrained. 
 
 Failure to effectively manage our growth could also lead us to overinvest or underinvest in development and operations, result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, systems, or controls, give rise to operational mistakes, financial losses, loss of productivity or business opportunities and result in loss of employees and reduced productivity of remaining employees. Our growth is expected to require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects such as the development of new applications and services. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our revenue may not increase or may grow more slowly than expected, and we may be unable to implement our business strategy. The quality of our services may also suffer, which could negatively affect our reputation and harm our ability to attract and retain customers. 
 
 Our sales and implementation cycle can be long and unpredictable and requires considerable time and expense, which may cause our results of operations to fluctuate. 
 
 The sales cycle for our solutions within the Integrated Care Management business segment from initial contact with a potential lead to contract execution and implementation varies widely by customer and solution, ranging from several days to approximately 24 months. Business interruptions caused by current economic conditions have and may continue to delay or lengthen some of our customers sales cycles. Some of our customers undertake a significant and prolonged evaluation process, including to determine whether our services meet their unique healthcare needs, which frequently involves evaluation of not only our solutions but also an evaluation of those of our competitors, which has in the past resulted in extended sales cycles. Our sales efforts involve educating our customers about the use, technical capabilities and potential benefits of our solutions. During the sales cycle, we expend significant time and money on sales and marketing activities, which lowers our operating margins, particularly if no sale occurs. It is possible that in the future we may experience even longer sales cycles, more complex customer needs higher upfront sales costs and less predictability in completing some of our sales as we continue to expand into new territories, and market additional applications and services. If our sales cycle lengthens or our substantial upfront sales and implementation investments do not result in sufficient sales to justify our investments, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 Natural or man-made disasters and other similar events may significantly disrupt our business and negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 We may be harmed or rendered inoperable by natural or man-made disasters, including earthquakes, power outages, fires, floods, nuclear disasters, health epidemics (including the COVID-19 pandemic), war (including the conflict in Ukraine), and acts of terrorism or other criminal activities, which may render it difficult or impossible to operate our business for some period 
 18 

Table of Contents 

 of time. Acts of terrorism, including malicious internet-based activity, could cause disruptions to the internet or the economy as a whole. Even with our disaster recovery arrangements, access to our platform could be interrupted. If our systems were to fail or be negatively impacted as a result of a natural disaster or other event, our ability to deliver our platform and solution to our customers would be impaired or we could lose critical data. Although we maintain insurance to address such risks, such insurance may not be sufficient to compensate for losses that may occur. If we are unable to develop adequate plans to ensure that our business functions continue to operate during and after a disaster, and successfully execute on those plans in the event of a disaster or emergency, any such losses or damages could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and harm our reputation. In addition, our customers facilities may be harmed or rendered inoperable by such natural or man-made disasters, which may cause disruptions, difficulties or material adverse effects on our business. 
 
 We depend upon third-party service providers for important functions of our solutions. Software, network applications and data, as well as the core video and audio system integral to our business, are hosted on third-party sites. These facilities may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from earthquakes, hurricanes, floods, fires, cyber security attacks, terrorist attacks, power losses, telecommunications failures, COVID-19 pandemic-related business disruptions and similar events. The occurrence of a natural disaster or an act of terrorism, a decision to close the facilities without adequate notice or other unanticipated problems could result in lengthy interruptions in our ability to provide our services. The facilities also could be subject to break-ins, computer viruses, sabotage, intentional acts of vandalism and other misconduct. Redundancies and backup systems are in place to prevent operational disruptions and data loss, but if these technologies fail or are of poor quality, our business, reputation and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Failures or disruption in the delivery of digital health services could result in customer dissatisfaction, disrupt our operations and materially adversely affect operating results. Additionally, we have significantly less control over the technologies third parties provide to us than if we maintained and operated them ourselves. In some cases, functions necessary to some of our solutions may be performed by these third-party technologies. If we need to find an alternative source for performing these functions, we may have to expend significant money, resources and time to develop the alternative, and if this development is not accomplished in a timely manner and without significant disruption to our business, we may be unable to fulfill our obligations to customers. Any errors, failures, interruptions or delays experienced in connection with these third-party technologies and information services or our own systems could negatively impact our relationships with customers and adversely affect our business and could expose us to third-party liabilities. 
 
 We are subject to risks associated with public health crises arising from large-scale medical emergencies, pandemics, natural disasters and other extreme events, which have and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations, financial condition and financial performance. 
 
 Large-scale medical emergencies, pandemics (such as COVID-19) and other extreme events could result in public health crises or otherwise have a material adverse effect on our business operations, cash flows, financial conditions and results of operations. For example, disruptions in public and private infrastructure resulting from such events could increase our operating costs and ability to provide services to our customers and customers. Additionally, as a result of these events, the premiums and fees we charge may not be sufficient to cover our medical and administrative costs, deferred medical care could be sought in future periods at potentially higher acuity levels, we could experience reduced demand for our services, our clinical and nonclinical workforce could be impacted resulting in reduced capacity to handle demand for care or otherwise impact our business operations. For example, COVID-19 has materially impacted our results of operations in previous periods. Public health crises arising from natural disasters, such as wildfires, hurricanes, and snowstorms, or effects of climate change could impact our business operations and result in increased medical care costs. Government enaction of emergency powers in response to public health crises could disrupt our business operations, including by restricting pharmaceuticals or other supplies, and could increase the risk of shortages of necessary items. 
 
 Unstable market and economic conditions may have serious adverse consequences on our business, financial condition and stock price. 
 
 As widely reported, global credit and financial markets have experienced extreme volatility and disruptions over the past several months, including declines in consumer confidence, concerns about declines in economic growth, increases in the rate of inflation, increases in borrowing rates and changes in liquidity and credit availability, and uncertainty about economic stability, including most recently in connection with actions undertaken by the U.S. Federal Reserve Board to address inflation, the failure of banks, the military conflict in Ukraine, the continuing effects of the COVID-19 pandemic and supply chain disruptions. There can be no assurance that further deterioration in credit and financial markets and confidence in economic conditions will not occur. Our general business strategy may be adversely affected by any such economic downturn, volatile business environment or continued unpredictable and unstable market conditions. Our business could also be impacted by volatility caused by geopolitical events, such as the conflict in Ukraine. A significant downturn in the economic activity attributable to any particular industry may cause organizations to react by reducing their capital and operating expenditures in general or by specifically reducing their spending on healthcare matters. In addition, our customers may delay or cancel healthcare projects or seek to lower their costs by renegotiating vendor contracts. Such delays or reductions in general healthcare spending may disproportionately affect our revenue. In addition, if the current equity and credit markets deteriorate, 
 19 

Table of Contents 

 or do not improve, it may make any necessary debt or equity financing more difficult, more costly, and more dilutive. Furthermore, our stock price may decline due in part to the volatility of the stock market and the general economic downturn. 
 
 Failure to secure any necessary financing in a timely manner and on favorable terms could have a material adverse effect on our growth strategy, financial performance and stock price and could require us to delay or scale back on our growth plans. We cannot predict the timing, strength, or duration of any economic slowdown or any subsequent recovery generally, of any industry in particular. If the conditions in the general economy and the markets in which we operate worsen from present levels, our business, financial condition, and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 In order to support the growth of our business, we may need to seek capital through new equity or debt financings, and such sources of additional capital may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. 
 
 We intend to continue to make significant investments to support our business growth, respond to business challenges or opportunities, develop new applications and services, enhance our existing solutions and services, enhance our operating infrastructure and potentially acquire complementary businesses and technologies. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, for all acquired or to be acquired subsidiaries, aggregate net cash used in operating activities was 22.4 million and 62.8 million, respectively. 
 
 Our future capital requirements may be significantly different from our current estimates and will depend on many factors, including our growth rate, both organically and through acquisitions, the timing and extent of spending to support development efforts, the expansion of sales and marketing activities, the introduction of new or enhanced services and the continuing market acceptance of digital health. Accordingly, we may need to engage in additional equity or debt financings or collaborative arrangements to secure additional funds. If we raise additional funds through further issuances of equity or convertible debt securities, our existing stockholders could suffer significant dilution, and any new equity securities we issue could have rights, preferences and privileges superior to those of holders of our common stock. Any debt financing secured by us in the future could involve additional restrictive covenants relating to our capital-raising activities and other financial and operational matters, which may make it more difficult for us to obtain additional capital and to pursue business opportunities, including potential acquisitions. In addition, during times of economic instability, it has been difficult for many companies to obtain financing in the public markets or to obtain debt financing, and we may not be able to obtain additional financing on commercially reasonable terms, if at all. If we are unable to obtain adequate financing on terms satisfactory to us, it could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We may enter into collaborations, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships with third parties that may not result in the development of commercially viable solutions or the generation of significant future revenues. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we may enter into collaborations, joint ventures, strategic alliances, partnerships or other arrangements to develop products and to pursue new markets. Proposing, negotiating and implementing collaborations, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships may be a lengthy and complex process. Other companies, including those with substantially greater financial, marketing, sales, technology or other business resources, may compete with us for these opportunities or arrangements. We may not identify, secure, or complete any such transactions or arrangements in a timely manner, on a cost-effective basis, on acceptable terms or at all. We may not realize the anticipated benefits of any such transaction or arrangement. In particular, these collaborations may not result in the development of products that achieve commercial success or result in significant revenues and could be terminated prior to developing any products. Additionally, we may not own, or may jointly own with a third party, the intellectual property rights in products and other works developed under our collaborations, joint ventures, strategic alliances or partnerships. 
 
 Additionally, we may not be in a position to exercise sole decision-making authority regarding the transaction or arrangement, which could create the potential risk of creating impasses on decisions, and our future collaborators may have economic or business interests or goals that are, or that may become, inconsistent with our business interests or goals. It is possible that conflicts may arise with our collaborators, such as conflicts concerning the achievement of performance milestones, or the interpretation of significant terms under any agreement, such as those related to financial obligations or the ownership or control of intellectual property developed during the collaboration. If any conflicts arise with any future collaborators, they may act in their self-interest, which may be adverse to our best interest, and they may breach their obligations to us. In addition, we may have limited control over the amount and timing of resources that any future collaborators devote to our or their future products. Disputes between us and our collaborators may result in litigation or arbitration which would increase our expenses and divert the attention of our management. Further, these transactions and arrangements will be contractual in nature and will generally be terminable under the terms of the applicable agreements and, in such event, we may not continue to have rights to the products relating to such transaction or arrangement or may need to purchase such rights at a premium. 
 
 20 

Table of Contents 

 We operate in highly competitive markets and face competition from large, well-established healthcare providers with significant resources, and, as a result, we may not be able to compete effectively. If we are unable to compete effectively, we will not be able to establish our products and services in the marketplace, and as a result, our business may not be profitable. 
 
 The markets for digital and traditional healthcare are intensely competitive, subject to rapid change and significantly affected by new product and technological introductions and other market activities of industry participants. We compete directly not only with behavioral health facilities, integrated care management systems solutions, language access systems and telehealth technologies, but also companies providing electronic health record EHR / health information exchange HIE services, and data analytics and interoperability. The surge in interest in digital health, and in particular the relaxation of HIPAA privacy and security requirements, has also attracted new competition from providers who utilize consumer-grade video conferencing platforms. Many of our current and potential competitors may have greater name and brand recognition, longer operating histories and significantly greater resources than we do and may be able to offer products and services similar to those offered on our platform at more attractive prices than we can. We expect competition to intensify in the future as existing competitors and new entrants introduce new digital health services and software platforms or other technology to U.S. healthcare providers, particularly hospitals and healthcare systems. Further, our current or potential competitors may be acquired by third parties with greater available resources, which has recently occurred in our industry. As a result, our competitors may be able to respond more quickly and effectively than we can to new or changing opportunities, technologies, standards or customer requirements and may have the ability to initiate or withstand substantial price competition. In addition, our competitors have established, and may in the future establish, cooperative relationships with vendors of complementary products, technologies or services to increase the availability of their solutions in the marketplace. 
 
 New competitors or alliances may emerge that have greater market share, a larger customer base, more widely adopted proprietary technologies, greater marketing expertise and greater financial resources, which could put us at a competitive disadvantage. Our competitors could also be better positioned to serve certain segments of our current or future markets, which could create additional price pressure. In light of these factors, even if our offerings are more effective than those of our competitors, current or potential customers may accept competitive solutions in lieu of purchasing from us. 
 
 To the extent our solutions are perceived by customers and potential customers to be discretionary or otherwise non-essential, our revenues may be disproportionately affected by delays or reductions in general information technology and digital health spending. Moreover, competitors may respond to market conditions by lowering prices and attempting to lure away our customers and/or our customers may develop their own in-house solutions. In addition, the increased pace of consolidation in the healthcare industry may result in reduced overall spending on our solutions. 
 
 If we are unable to successfully compete with existing and potential new competitors, we will not be able to establish our products and services in the marketplace, and as a result, our business may not be profitable. Further, our business, financial condition and results of operations will be adversely affected. 
 
 We depend on our senior management team, and the loss of one or more of our executive officers or key employees could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our success depends largely upon the continued services of our key executive officers. Currently these executive officers are at-will employees and therefore they may terminate employment with us at any time with no advance notice. We also rely on our leadership team in the areas of research and development, marketing, services and general and administrative functions. From time to time, there may be changes in our executive management team resulting from the hiring or departure of executives, which could disrupt our business. The replacement of one or more of our executive officers or other key employees would likely involve significant time and costs and may significantly delay or prevent the achievement of our business objectives, and our business would be adversely affected if we fail to adequately plan for succession of our executives and senior management. Further, our executive officers have negotiated severance clauses which if triggered could put strain on the Company s cash and equity reserves. Our failure to retain and motivate our current personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are dependent on our ability to recruit, retain and develop a large, highly skilled and diverse workforce. We must evolve our culture in order to successfully grow our busines s. 
 
 To continue to execute our growth strategy, we must attract and retain highly skilled personnel. Competition is intense for qualified professionals. We may not be successful in continuing to attract and retain qualified personnel. Our subsidiary companies have from time to time in the past experienced, and we expect to continue to experience in the future, difficulty in hiring and retaining highly skilled personnel with appropriate qualifications. The pool of qualified personnel with experience working in the healthcare market is limited overall. In addition, many of the companies with which we compete for experienced personnel have greater resources than us. 
 
 21 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, in making employment decisions, particularly in high-technology industries, job candidates often consider the value of the stock options or other equity-based awards they are to receive in connection with their employment. Volatility in the price of our stock may, therefore, adversely affect our ability to attract or retain highly skilled personnel. Further, the requirement to expense stock options and other equity-based compensation may discourage us from granting the size or type of stock option or equity awards that job candidates require to join our company. Failure to attract new personnel could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 If we fail to cost-effectively develop widespread brand awareness, our business may suffer. 
 
 We believe that developing and maintaining widespread awareness of our brand in a cost-effective manner is critical to achieving widespread adoption of our products and services and attracting new customers. Our brand promotion activities may not generate customer awareness or increase revenue, and even if they do, any increase in revenue may not offset the expenses we incur in building our brand. If we fail to successfully promote and maintain our brand, or incur substantial expenses in doing so, we may fail to attract or retain customers necessary to realize a sufficient return on our brand-building efforts or to achieve the widespread brand awareness that is critical for broad customer adoption. 
 
 Our ability to generate the amount of cash needed to support our debt obligations depends on many factors beyond our control. 
 
 Our ability to make scheduled payments on, or to refinance our obligations under, our indebtedness depends on our financial and operating performance, including our ability to grow revenue, and prevailing economic and competitive conditions. Certain of these financial and business factors, many of which may be beyond our control, are described above. 
 
 If our cash flows and capital resources are insufficient to fund our debt service obligations, we may be forced to reduce or delay capital expenditures, sell assets, raise additional equity capital, or restructure our debt. However, there is no assurance that such alternative measures may be successful or permitted under the agreements governing our indebtedness and, as a result, we may not be able to meet our scheduled debt service obligations. Even if successful, actions taken to improve short-term liquidity to meet our debt service and other obligations could harm our long-term business prospects, financial condition, and results of operations. 
 
 If we are unable to generate sufficient revenue to support our debt obligations, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to refinance our indebtedness or obtain additional financing on satisfactory terms or at all, including due to existing guarantees on our assets or our level of indebtedness and the debt incurrence restrictions imposed by the agreements governing our indebtedness. Further, the cost and availability of credit are subject to changes in the economic and business environment. If conditions in major credit markets deteriorate, our ability to refinance our indebtedness or obtain additional financing on satisfactory terms, or at all, may be negatively affected. 
 
 Our debt agreements contain restrictions that may limit our flexibility in operating our business, and any default on our secured credit facility could result in foreclosure by our secured noteholders on our assets. 
 
 Our Indenture governing our 2025 Notes, Security Agreement and related documents contain, and instruments governing any future indebtedness of ours would likely contain, a number of covenants that will impose significant operating and financial restrictions on us, including restrictions on our ability to, among other things: 
 
 create liens on certain assets; 
 incur additional debt or issue new equity; 
 consolidate, merge, sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of our assets; and 
 sell certain assets. 
 
 Any of these restrictions could limit our ability to plan for or react to market conditions and could otherwise restrict corporate activities. Any failure to comply with these covenants could result in a default under our secured credit facility or instruments governing any future indebtedness of ours. Additionally, our credit facility for the 2025 Notes is secured by substantially all of our assets and those of our domestic subsidiaries. Upon a default, unless waived, the lenders under our secured credit facility could elect to terminate their commitments, cease making further loans, foreclose on our assets pledged to such lenders to secure our obligations under our Security Agreement and force us into bankruptcy or liquidation. In addition, a default under our secured credit facility could trigger a cross default under agreements governing any future indebtedness as well as the Indenture governing our 2026 Notes. Our results of operations may not be sufficient to service our indebtedness and to fund our other expenditures, and we may not be able to obtain financing to meet these requirements. If we experience a default under our secured credit facility, our unsecured credit facility or instruments governing our future indebtedness, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be adversely impacted. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

In addition, the 2025 Notes mature on December 15, 2025. There are no assurances that that we will have sufficient funds available to satisfy the 2025 Notes at maturity, or that the holders will elect to convert the 2025 Notes into shares of our common stock prior to or at the time of maturity. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants and restrictions associated with our debt agreements. 
 
 The divestiture of our Innovations Group business and related assets presents risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that we will realize any of the anticipated benefits of the divestiture consistent with our expectations. 
 
 In 2022, we transformed our business strategy to focus on fewer investments for growth, which led to the decision in 2023 to divest the Innovations Group business and related assets in a transaction pursuant to the Stock Purchase Agreement. The transactions contemplated under the Stock Purchase Agreement are expected to close in the second quarter of 2023, subject to the completion of required regulatory filings. The divestiture of the Innovations Group business presents ongoing risks and challenges that could negatively impact our business, financial condition and the results of operations. For example, the conditions to the consummation of the transactions contemplated under the Stock Purchase Agreement may fail to be satisfied, including the completion of required regulatory filings, in a timely manner, or at all. If this were to occur, we could be unable to consummate the pending transactions under the Stock Purchase Agreement pertaining to the Innovations Group assets remaining to be sold, or otherwise complete the divestiture in a manner consistent with our expectations. In addition, the divestiture of the Innovations Group business has and will continue to present risks relating to the availability and use of proceeds that we have and expect to realize as a result of the divestiture of the Innovations Group business, including as a result of the instruments governing our existing debt facilities, including our Indenture governing our 2025 Notes. We may also encounter challenges relating to the separation of operations, products, services or personnel, and as a result of any future liabilities we may retain after completing the divestiture of the Innovations Group business. Any difficulties that we face in connection with completing the divestiture of the Innovations Group business may result in management s attention being diverted from our continuing business operations. The occurrence of any of the foregoing could result in significant harm to our business and financial conditions, and our results of operations could be materially adversely affected as a result. 
 
 We expect to incur significant costs as we continue to operate as a public company. 
 
 We expect the rules and regulations applicable to us as a public company to substantially increase our corporate budget, legal and financial compliance costs and to make some activities more time-consuming and costly. The increased costs will decrease our net income or increase our net loss, and may require us to reduce costs in other areas of our business, including our subsidiaries. For example, our status as a public company makes it more difficult and more expensive for us to obtain director and officer liability insurance and we may be required to incur substantial costs to maintain the level of coverage that we believe is appropriate for a public company. We cannot predict or estimate the amount or timing of additional costs we may incur to respond to these requirements. The impact of these requirements could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on our board of directors, our board committees or as executive officers. 
 
 Additionally, there continues to be public interest and increased legislative pressure related to environmental, social and governance, or ESG, activities of public companies. For example, there is a growing number of states requiring organizations to report their board composition as well or mandating gender diversity and representation from underrepresented communities, including New York and California. We risk negative stockholder reaction, including from proxy advisory services, as well as damage to our brand and reputation, if we do not act responsibly in a number of key areas, including diversity and inclusion, environmental stewardship, support for local communities, corporate governance and transparency and considering ESG and human capital factors in our operations. 
 
 Current or future litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend, and we could experience losses or liability not covered by insurance. 
 
 Last year, we were subject to litigation pertaining to control of the Board of Directors and control of our Indian subsidiary, Glocal. Although the former was resolved favorably, the latter is continuing and challenging our ability to exercise control over Glocal as a supermajority shareholder and as contemplated by the Share Purchase Agreement signed with Glocal. 
 
 We may become subject to shareholder class action suits or other large legal proceedings and claims that arise in the ordinary course of business. Regardless of outcome, such proceedings may result in substantial costs and may divert management s attention and resources or decrease market acceptance of our solutions, which may substantially harm our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 23 

Table of Contents 

 We attempt to limit our liability to customers by contract; however, the limitations of liability set forth in the contracts may not be enforceable or may not otherwise protect us from liability for damages. Additionally, we may be subject to claims that are not explicitly covered by contract. Insurance may not cover claims against us, may not provide sufficient payments to cover all of the costs to resolve one or more such claims, and may not continue to be available on terms acceptable to us. In addition, the insurer might disclaim coverage as to any future claim. A successful claim not fully covered by our insurance could have a material adverse impact on our liquidity, financial condition and results of operations. A claim brought against us that is uninsured or underinsured could result in unanticipated costs, thereby reducing our earnings and leading analysts or potential investors to reduce their expectations of our performance, which could reduce the market price of our stock. In addition, any insurance coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from any legal or regulatory proceedings or claims. 
 
 Where we provide clinical services, our business entails the risk of medical liability claims against both our providers and us and, while we carry professional liability insurance, this coverage may not be sufficient to cover all of the costs to resolve one or more such claims, depending on the nature of the claim. Any claims made against us that are not fully covered by insurance could be costly to defend against, result in substantial damage awards against us, and divert the attention of our management and our operations, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, any claims may adversely affect our reputation. 
 
 We qualify as an emerging growth company as defined under the JOBS Act as well as a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. 
 
 We qualify as an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), and may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies for as long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the Sarbanes-Oxley Act ), reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earliest of (i) the last day of the fiscal year in which the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, (ii) the last day of the fiscal year in which we have total annual gross revenues of 1.07 billion or more during such fiscal year (as indexed for inflation), (iii) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt in the prior three-year period or (iv) the last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our initial public offering IPO ). We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 
 
 In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the exemption from complying with new or revised accounting standards provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act as long as we are an emerging growth company. An emerging growth company can therefore delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have not elected to opt out of such extended transition period and, therefore, we may not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is not an emerging growth company or is an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accountant standards used. 
 
 Additionally, we qualify as a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (i) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 250.0 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter, or (ii) our annual revenues exceeded 100.0 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700.0 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. 
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

 If we fail to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting, our ability to produce timely and accurate financial statements or comply with applicable regulations could be impaired, and the price of our common stock may be adversely affected. 
 
 As a publicly traded company following the consummation of the Business Combinations, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Exchange Act, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and the rules and regulations of the applicable listing standards of the New York Stock Exchange NYSE ). We expect that the requirements of these rules and regulations will continue to increase our legal, accounting and financial compliance costs, make some activities more difficult, time-consuming and costly and place significant strain on our personnel, systems and resources. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires, among other things, that we maintain effective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting. We are continuing to develop and refine our disclosure controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the reports that we will file with the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms and that information required to be disclosed in reports under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our principal executive and financial officers. 
 
 As previously disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10 K for year ended December 31, 2021, our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2021 due to certain material weaknesses described in Part II, Item 9A, Controls and Procedures , of this Annual Report. To address these material weaknesses that we identified as of December 31, 2021, we implemented measures designed to improve our internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022. These measures included enhancing our internal and external technical accounting resources and engaging third party consultants for the formalization of our internal procedures, and implementing a new enterprise resource planning ERP system. As of December 31, 2022, all of the U.S. entities are live on the ERP system. We completed documentation and tests of design and tests of operational effectiveness of our entity-level controls, certain areas of our ITGCs, and controls over our business processes, and we remediated control gaps identified and performed tests of operating effectiveness on remediated items. 
 
 As a result of our remediation efforts, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and our CFO and oversight of the Board of Directors, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, we no longer have the material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting described above for entity-level controls and business process controls, which we previously identified existed as of December 31, 2021; however, our management also concluded that the previously identified material weakness in our ITGCs in the areas of user access, segregation of duties, and change management related to certain information technology systems that support our financial reporting process were not remediated as of December 31, 2022, and that the material weakness remains for these ITGCs. Further remediation of the non-remediated portions of the material weakness in our ITGCs is ongoing and our objective is to complete such remediation efforts by June 2023. 
 
 In order to maintain and improve the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we have expended, and anticipate that we will continue to expend, significant resources, including accounting-related costs and significant management oversight. If any of these new or improved controls and systems do not perform as expected, we may experience additional material weaknesses in our controls. Our current controls and any new controls that we develop may become inadequate because of changes in conditions in our business. Further, additional weaknesses in our disclosure controls and internal control over financial reporting may be discovered in the future. 
 
 Any failure to develop or maintain effective controls or any difficulties encountered in their implementation or improvement could harm our results of operations or cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations and may result in a restatement of our financial statements for prior periods. Any failure to implement and maintain effective internal control over financial reporting also could adversely affect the results of periodic management evaluations and annual independent registered public accounting firm attestation reports regarding the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting that we will eventually be required to include in our periodic reports that will be filed with the SEC. Ineffective disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial and other information, which would likely have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, if we are unable to continue to meet these requirements, we may not be able to remain listed on the NYSE. 
 
 Changes in financial accounting standards may adversely affect our reported results of operations. 
 
 A change in accounting standards or practices could adversely affect our operating results and may even affect our reporting of transactions completed before the change is effective. New accounting pronouncements and varying interpretations of accounting pronouncements have occurred and may occur in the future. For example, in February 2016, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), and 
 25 

Table of Contents 

 subsequently issued several supplemental/clarifying ASUs. Among other things, under this ASU, lessees will be required to recognize, at commencement date, a lease liability representing the lessee s obligation to make lease payments arising from the lease and a right-of-use asset representing the lessee s right to use or control the use of a specified asset for the lease term for leases greater than 12 months. Topic 842 will be effective for UpHealth for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2021, and interim reporting periods within annual reporting periods beginning after December 15, 2022. Accordingly, we adopted Topic 842 for our annual reporting period beginning January 1, 2022, and interim reporting periods within the annual reporting period beginning January 1, 2023. Due to the adoption of this guidance, we recognized operating right-of-use assets and operating lease liabilities of 7.2 million and 8.2 million, respectively, as of the date of adoption. The difference between the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet is primarily due to the impact of accrual for lease payments as a result of straight-line lease expense. We did not have any impact to opening retained earnings as a result of the adoption of the guidance. The adoption of this new guidance did not have a material impact on our results of operations and comprehensive (loss) income, cash flows, liquidity or our covenant compliance under its existing credit agreements. See Note 18, Leases , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information. These and other changes to existing rules or the questioning of current practices may adversely affect our operating results. In addition, any difficulties in implementing this new revenue standard could cause us to fail to meet our financial reporting obligations, which could result in regulatory discipline and harm investors confidence in us. 
 
 The estimates and assumptions on which our financial projections are based may prove to be inaccurate, which may cause our actual results to materially differ from such projections, and which may adversely affect our future profitability, cash flows and market price of our common stock. 
 
 UpHealth s financial projections are dependent on certain estimates and assumptions related to, among other things, growth assumptions that are inherently subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, as well as, among other things, matters related specifically to the recent operational performance and anticipated development of our business, and are subject to significant economic, competitive, industry and other uncertainties, and may not be achieved in full, at all, or within projected timeframes. The financial projections also reflect numerous assumptions with respect to general business, economic, market, regulatory and financial conditions and various other factors, all of which are difficult to predict and many of which are beyond our control. Furthermore, the financial projections do not take into account any circumstances or event occurring after the date they were prepared. The financial projections were not prepared with a view to public disclosure or complying with published guidelines of the SEC or the guidelines established by the American Institute of Certified Public Accountants for the preparation and presentation of prospective financial information. UpHealth s independent auditor has not audited, reviewed, examined, compiled nor applied agreed-upon procedures with respect to the financial projections and, accordingly, does not express an opinion or any other form of assurance with respect thereto. The financial projections were based on historical experience and on various other estimates and assumptions that our management believed to be reasonable under the circumstances and at the time they were made. There will be differences between actual and projected financial results, and actual results may be materially greater or materially less than those contained in the financial projections, especially in light of the increased difficulty in making such estimates and assumptions as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic. Any material variation between our financial projections and our actual results may adversely affect our future profitability, cash flows and market price of our common stock. 
 
 Our executive officers, directors, principal stockholders and their affiliates will have the ability to exercise significant influence over our company and all matters submitted to stockholders for approval. 
 
 Our executive officers, directors and principal stockholders, together with their affiliates and related persons, beneficially own shares of common stock representing a significant percentage of our capital stock. As a result, if these stockholders were to choose to act together, they would be able to influence our management and affairs and the outcome of matters submitted to our stockholders for approval, including the election of directors and any sale, merger, consolidation, or sale of all or substantially all of our assets. This concentration of voting power could delay or prevent an acquisition of our company on terms that other stockholders may desire. In addition, this concentration of ownership might adversely affect the market price of our common stock by: 
 
 delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us; 
 impeding a merger, consolidation, takeover or other business combination involving us; or 
 discouraging a potential acquirer from making a tender offer or otherwise attempting to obtain control of us. 
 
 Because we do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our capital stock in the foreseeable future, capital appreciation, if any, will be the sole source of gain for our stockholders. 
 
 We have never declared or paid cash dividends on our capital stock. We currently intend to retain all of our future earnings, if any, to finance the growth and development of our business. In addition, the terms of any future debt agreements may continue 
 26 

Table of Contents 

 to preclude us from paying dividends. As a result, capital appreciation, if any, of our common stock will be the sole source of gain for our stockholders for the foreseeable future. 
 
 Risks Related to Government Regulation 
 
 Evolving government regulations may require increased costs or adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 In a regulatory climate that is uncertain, our operations may be subject to scrutiny or reinterpretation under various laws and regulations. Healthcare is a highly regulated industry and subject to laws and regulations at the federal, state, and local level as well as evolving industry standards. Telehealth and other remote care delivery models, in particular, have experienced and will continue to experience frequently changing regulations that may differ substantially from jurisdiction to jurisdiction, including state by state. Compliance with current and future laws and regulations will likely require significant initial monetary and recurring expenses and could potentially require us to change our practices upon short notice, adding to the potential costs of compliance. These additional monetary expenditures may increase future overhead, which could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. 
 
 We have identified what we believe are the areas of government regulation that, if changed, would be costly to us. These include: licensure standards for doctors, pharmacists and behavioral health professionals; laws limiting the corporate practice of medicine; fee-splitting, healthcare fraud and abuse laws; third party payor coverage and reimbursement rules; cybersecurity and privacy laws; laws and rules relating to the distinction between independent contractors and employees; prescribing of controlled substances via a remote encounter; fraud and abuse laws addressing financial relationships between healthcare entities and physicians or other referral sources; commercial and governmental payor billing; anti-kickback laws; provisions of free healthcare by the government; and tax and other laws. There could be laws and regulations applicable to our business that we have not identified or that, if changed, may be costly to us, and we cannot predict all the ways in which implementation of such laws and regulations may affect us. 
 
 In the jurisdictions in which we operate, we believe we are in compliance with all applicable laws, but these laws and regulations are extremely complex and, in many cases, still evolving. If our operations are found to violate any of the foreign, federal, state or local laws and regulations which govern our activities, we may be subject to litigation, government enforcement actions, and applicable penalties associated with the violation, potentially including civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, exclusion from participation in certain payor programs or curtailment of our operations. Compliance obligations under these various laws are oftentimes detailed and onerous, further contributing to the risk that we could be found to be out of compliance with particular requirements. The risk of being found in violation of these laws and regulations is further increased by the fact that in many cases, these laws have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, particularly with respect to new and emerging technologies and remote delivery of services, and may therefore be open to a variety of interpretations. In the event that we must remedy any compliance violations, we may be required to modify our services and products in a manner that undermines our solution s attractiveness to our customers or providers or experts, we may become subject to fines or other penalties or, if we determine that the requirements to operate in compliance in such jurisdictions are overly burdensome, we may elect to terminate our operations in such places. In each case, our revenue may decline, and our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Other legal, regulatory and commercial policy influences are subjecting our industry to significant changes, and we cannot predict whether new regulations or policies will emerge from U.S. federal or state governments, foreign governments, or third-party payors. Government and commercial payors may, in the future, consider healthcare policies and proposals intended to curb rising healthcare costs, including those that could significantly affect reimbursement for healthcare services. Future significant changes in the healthcare systems in the United States or elsewhere could also have a negative impact on the demand for our current and future services. 
 
 Additionally, the introduction of new services may require us to comply with additional, yet undetermined, laws and regulations. Compliance may require obtaining appropriate licenses or certificates, increasing our security measures and expending additional resources to monitor developments in applicable rules to ensure compliance. The failure to adequately comply with these future laws and regulations may delay or possibly prevent some of our products or services from being offered to customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Many existing healthcare laws and regulations, when enacted, did not anticipate the services that we provide. However, these laws and regulations may nonetheless be applied to our business. Our failure to accurately anticipate the application of these laws and regulations, or other failure to comply, could create liability for us, result in adverse publicity and materially affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We conduct business in a heavily regulated industry and if we fail to comply with these laws and government regulations, we could incur substantial penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations or experience 
 27 

Table of Contents 

 enforcement actions or adverse publicity, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The U.S. healthcare industry is heavily regulated and closely scrutinized by federal, state and local governments. Comprehensive statutes and regulations govern the manner in which we provide and bill for services and collect reimbursement from governmental programs and private payors, our contractual relationships with our providers, vendors and customers, our marketing activities and other aspects of our operations. Of particular importance are: 
 
 the federal physician self-referral law, commonly referred to as the Stark Law, that, subject to limited exceptions, prohibits physicians from referring Medicare patients to an entity for the provision of certain designated health services if the physician or a member of such physician s immediate family has a direct or indirect financial relationship (including an ownership interest or a compensation arrangement) with the entity, and prohibits the entity from billing Medicare for such designated health services; 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which is an intent-based federal criminal statute that prohibits the knowing and willful offer, payment, provision, solicitation or receipt of any remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, for referring an individual, in return for ordering, leasing, purchasing or recommending or arranging for or to induce the referral of an individual or the ordering, purchasing or leasing of items or services covered, in whole or in part, by any federal healthcare program, such as Medicare and Medicaid. A person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal False Claims Act; 
 the criminal healthcare fraud provisions of the federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, or HITECH, and their implementing regulations, which we collectively refer to as HIPAA, and related rules that prohibit knowingly and willfully executing or attempting to execute a scheme or artifice to defraud any healthcare benefit program or to obtain by means of false, or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program in connection with the delivery of or payment for healthcare benefits, items or services. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity does not need to have actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it to have committed a violation; 
 the federal False Claims Act that imposes civil liability, including through qui tam and civil whistleblower actions, against individuals or entities that knowingly present, or cause to be presented, false or fraudulent claims for payment to the federal government or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement or record material to the payment of a false claim or avoiding, decreasing or concealing an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 
 the federal criminal statute on false statements relating to health care matters, which prohibits knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statements or representations in connection with the delivery of or payment for health care benefits, items or services; 
 The Civil Monetary Penalties Law authorizes the imposition of civil monetary penalties, assessments and exclusion against an individual or entity based on a variety of prohibited conduct, including, but not limited to: 
 presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment to Medicare, Medicaid or other third-party payors that the individual or entity knows or should know are for an item or service that was not provided as claimed or is false or fraudulent; 
 offering remuneration to a Medicare or Medicaid beneficiary that the individual or entity knows or should know is likely to influence the beneficiary to order or receive health care items or services from a particular provider or supplier; 
 employing or contracting with an entity or individual excluded from participation in the federal health care programs; 
 violating the federal Anti-Kickback Statute; 
 making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim for payment for items and services furnished under a federal health care program; 
 making, using or causing to be made any false statement, omission or misrepresentation of a material fact in any application, bid or contract to participate or enroll as a provider of services or a supplier under a federal health care program; 
 failing to timely report and return an overpayment owed to the federal government; 
 substantial civil monetary penalties may be imposed under the federal Civil Monetary Penalties Law and may vary depending on the underlying violation. In addition, an assessment of not more than three times the total amount claimed for each item or service may also apply and a violator may be subject to exclusion from federal and state health care programs; 
 the federal Eliminating Kickbacks in Recovery Act of 2018 EKRA ), included as part of the Substance Use-Disorder Prevention that Promotes Opioid Recovery and Treatment SUPPORT for Patients and Communities Act (the SUPPORT Act ), was signed into law on October 24, 2018. The EKRA provisions, similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, make it a felony for certain entities (including substance abuse treatment centers, clinical treatment facilities and clinical laboratories) to engage in remunerative arrangements that induce or reward individuals or entities 
 28 

Table of Contents 

 for the referral of patients to such facilities, unless an exception applies. EKRA applies regardless of payor source, including for services reimbursed exclusively through commercial insurance or self-paying patients. Violations of EKRA can lead to fines of not more than 200,000 and imprisonment of not more than 10 years, or both, for each occurrence pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 220(a); 
 reassignment of payment rules that prohibit certain types of billing and collection practices in connection with claims payable by the Medicare or Medicaid programs; 
 similar state law provisions pertaining to anti-kickback, self-referral, fee-splitting, patient inducement and false claims issues, some of which may apply to items or services reimbursed by any payor, including patients and commercial insurers; 
 state laws that prohibit general business corporations, such as us, from practicing medicine, controlling physicians medical decisions or engaging in some practices such as splitting fees with physicians; 
 laws that regulate debt collection practices as applied to our debt collection practices; 
 a provision of the Social Security Act that imposes criminal penalties on healthcare providers who fail to disclose or refund known overpayments; 
 federal and state laws that prohibit providers from billing and receiving payment from Medicare and Medicaid for services unless the services are medically necessary, adequately and accurately documented and billed using codes that accurately reflect the type and level of services rendered; 
 federal and state laws and policies related to healthcare providers, licensure, certification, accreditation and related to the Medicare and Medicaid programs enrollment; and 
 federal and state laws and policies related to the practice of pharmacy, pharmacy licensure, and the prescribing and dispensing of pharmaceuticals and controlled substances. 
 
 In addition, the healthcare industry is required to comply with additional extensive and complex laws and regulations at the federal, state and local government levels relating to, among other things: 
 
 licensure of health providers, certification of organizations and enrollment with government reimbursement programs; 
 necessity and adequacy of medical care; 
 relationships with physicians and other referral sources and referral recipients; 
 billing and coding for services; 
 properly handling overpayments; 
 quality of medical equipment and services; 
 qualifications of medical and support personnel; 
 confidentiality, maintenance, data breach, identity theft and security issues associated with health-related and personal information and medical records; and 
 communications with patients and consumers. 
 
 Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of certain statutory and regulatory exceptions and safe harbors that may be available, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. Complying with these laws may prove costly. Failure to comply with these laws and other laws can result in civil and criminal penalties such as fines, damages, overpayment, recoupment, imprisonment, loss of enrollment status and exclusion from participation in federal healthcare programs, including Medicare and Medicaid. The risk of us being found in violation of these laws and regulations is increased by the fact that many of them have not been fully interpreted by the regulatory authorities or the courts, and their provisions are sometimes open to a variety of interpretations. Our failure to accurately anticipate the application of these laws and regulations to our business or any other failure to comply with regulatory requirements could create liability for us and negatively affect our business. Any action against us for violation of these laws or regulations, even if we successfully defend against it, could cause us to incur significant legal expenses, divert our management s attention from the operation of our business and result in adverse publicity. 
 
 To enforce compliance with the federal laws, the U.S. Department of Justice and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General OIG ), have recently increased their scrutiny of healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. Telemedicine providers, in particular, have been subject to increased scrutiny by federal and state regulators and have resulted in significant enforcement actions. Dealing with investigations can be time- and resource-intensive and can divert management s attention from the business. Any such investigation or settlement could increase our costs or otherwise have an adverse effect on our business. In addition, because of the potential for large monetary exposure under the federal False Claims Act, which provides for treble damages and penalties of 11,665 to 23,331 per false claim or statement for penalties assessed after June 19, 2020, and with respect to violations occurring after November 2, 2015, healthcare providers often resolve allegations without admissions of liability for significant and material amounts to avoid the uncertainty of treble damages that may be awarded in litigation proceedings. Such settlements often contain additional compliance and reporting requirements as part of a consent decree, settlement agreement or corporate integrity agreement. Notably, the government has been using its newly created authority under EKRA to pursue criminal enforcement actions against substance abuse treatment facilities for certain financial 
 29 

Table of Contents 

 arrangements that were not subject to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute due to the absence of federal healthcare program reimbursement for services rendered by such facilities. EKRA s statutory exceptions do not strictly mirror the safe harbors available under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and in many instances, relationships that would otherwise comply with the federal Anti-Kickback Statute would nevertheless violate EKRA. EKRA grants authority to the U.S. Attorney General to promulgate additional exceptions, in consultation with the Secretary of HHS; however, the Attorney General has not yet done so. Notably, the OIG (the agency with authority to promulgate regulatory safe harbors under the federal Anti-Kickback Statute) does not have any authority over EKRA and the Attorney General does not have any particular expertise with healthcare fraud and abuse laws. Given this inexperience, there may be a substantial delay before any additional exceptions to EKRA are implemented. In the meantime, the U.S. Department of Justice is actively pursuing enforcement actions under EKRA. There is much uncertainty in how EKRA will be interpreted and applied and also, whether additional exceptions will be adopted in the future. 
 
 While we make every effort to comply with all applicable laws, we cannot rule out the possibility that the government or other third parties could interpret these laws differently and challenge our practices under one or more of these laws. The likelihood of allegations of non-compliance is increased by the fact that under certain federal and state laws applicable to our business, individuals, known as relators, may bring an action on behalf of the government alleging violations of such laws, and potentially be awarded a share of any damages or penalties ultimately awarded to the applicable government body. 
 
 The laws, regulations and standards governing the provision of healthcare services across the world including India and the U.S. may change significantly in the future. We cannot assure you that any new or changed healthcare laws, regulations or standards will not materially adversely affect our business. Further, we cannot assure you that a review of our business by judicial, law enforcement, regulatory or accreditation authorities will not result in a determination that could adversely affect our operations. 
 
 Patient safety concerns relating to our substance use disorder treatment business could result in increased regulatory burdens, governmental investigations, and negative publicity. 
 
 Because some of the patients we treat can suffer from severe mental health and chemical dependency disorders, patient incidents, including deaths, assaults and elopements, occur from time to time. If one or more of our substance abuse treatment programs or facilities experiences an adverse patient incident or is otherwise found to have failed to comply with laws and regulations applicable to patient safety or provide appropriate patient care, an admissions hold, loss of accreditation, license revocation or other adverse regulatory action could be taken against the health care providers and programs or facilities involved. Any such patient incident or adverse regulatory action could result in governmental investigations, judgments or fines and have a material adverse effect on a particular program or facility s continued operation, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we could become the subject of negative publicity, whether warranted or unwarranted, that could have a significant, adverse effect on our reputation of our behavioral health and substance abuse programs and how they are viewed by referral sources and payors. 
 
 Our international operations pose certain risks to our business that may be different from risks associated with our domestic operations. 
 
 We are forming a subsidiary in India to provide shared support services to our U.S. operations and to introduce U.S. offerings to India-based customers. Our international business is subject to risks resulting from differing legal and regulatory requirements, political, social and economic conditions and unforeseeable developments in India. Our international operations are subject to particular risks in addition to those faced by our domestic operations, including: 
 
 uncertain legal and regulatory requirements applicable to digital health, technology services and solutions and prescription medication; 
 multiple, conflicting and changing laws and regulations such as tax laws, privacy and data protection laws and regulations, export and import restrictions, employment laws, regulatory requirements and other governmental approvals, permits and licenses; 
 our inability to replicate our domestic business structure consistently outside of the United States, especially as it relates to our contractual arrangement with affiliated professional entities; 
 the need to localize and adapt our solutions for specific countries, including translation into foreign languages and associated expenses; 
 potential loss of proprietary information due to misappropriation or laws that may be less protective of our intellectual property rights than U.S. laws or that may not be adequately enforced; 
 requirements of foreign laws and other governmental controls, including compliance challenges related to the complexity of multiple, conflicting and changing governmental laws and regulations, including employment, healthcare, tax, privacy and data protection laws and regulations; 
 data privacy laws that require that customer data be stored and processed in a designated territory; 
 30 

Table of Contents 

 new and different sources of competition and laws and business practices favoring local competitors; 
 local business and cultural factors that differ from our normal standards and practices, including business practices that we are prohibited from engaging in by the U.S. Foreign Corrupt Practices Act of 1977 (the FCPA and other anti-corruption laws and regulations; 
 changes to economic sanctions laws and regulations; 
 central bank and other restrictions on our ability to repatriate cash from international subsidiaries; 
 adverse tax consequences; 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates, economic instability and inflationary conditions, which could make our solutions more expensive or increase our costs of doing business in certain countries; 
 limitations on future growth or inability to maintain current levels of revenues from international sales if we do not invest sufficiently in our international operations; 
 different pricing environments, longer sales cycles and longer accounts receivable payment cycles and collections issues; 
 difficulties in staffing, managing and operating our international operations, including difficulties related to administering our stock plans in some foreign countries and increased financial accounting and reporting burdens and complexities; 
 difficulties in coordinating the activities of our geographically dispersed and culturally diverse operations; 
 natural disasters, political and economic instability, including wars, terrorism, social or political unrest, including civil unrest, protests, and other public demonstrations, outbreaks of disease, pandemics or epidemics, boycotts, curtailment of trade, and other market restrictions; and 
 regulatory and compliance risks that relate to maintaining accurate information and control over activities subject to regulation under the FCPA, and comparable laws and regulations in other countries. 
 
 Our overall success in international markets depends, in part, on our ability to anticipate and effectively manage these risks and there can be no assurance that we will be able to do so without incurring unexpected costs. If we are not able to manage the risks related to our international operations, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. 
 
 Developments affecting spending by the healthcare industry could adversely affect our business. 
 
 The U.S. healthcare industry has changed significantly in recent years, and we expect that significant changes will continue to occur. General reductions in expenditures by healthcare industry participants could result from, among other things: 
 
 government regulations or private initiatives that affect the manner in which healthcare providers interact with patients, payors or other healthcare industry participants, including changes in pricing or means of delivery of healthcare products and services; 
 consolidation of healthcare industry participants; 
 federal amendments to, lack of enforcement or development of applicable regulations for, or repeal of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (as amended, the ACA 
 reductions in government funding for healthcare; and 
 adverse changes in business or economic conditions affecting healthcare payors, providers or other healthcare industry participants. 
 
 Any of these changes in healthcare spending could adversely affect our revenues. Even if general expenditures by industry participants remain the same or increase, developments in the healthcare industry may result in reduced spending in some or all of the specific market segments that we serve now or in the future. However, the timing and impact of developments in the healthcare industry are difficult to predict. We cannot assure you that the demand for our products and services will continue to exist at current levels or that we will have adequate technical, financial and marketing resources to react to changes in the healthcare industry. 
 
 Our failure to comply with the anti-corruption, trade compliance and economic sanctions laws and regulations of the United States and applicable international jurisdictions could materially adversely affect our reputation and results of operations. 
 
 We must comply with anti-corruption laws and regulations imposed by governments around the world with jurisdiction over our operations, which may include the FCPA and the U.K. Bribery Act 2010 (the Bribery Act ), as well as the laws of the countries where we do business. These laws and regulations apply to companies, individual directors, officers, employees and agents, and may restrict our operations, trade practices, investment decisions and partnering activities. Where they apply, the FCPA and the Bribery Act prohibit us and our officers, directors, employees and business partners acting on our behalf, including joint venture partners and agents, from corruptly offering, promising, authorizing or providing anything of value to 
 31 

Table of Contents 

 public officials for the purposes of influencing official decisions or obtaining or retaining business or otherwise obtaining favorable treatment. The Bribery Act also prohibits non-governmental commercial bribery and accepting bribes. As part of our business, we may deal with governments and state-owned business enterprises, the employees and representatives of which may be considered public officials for purposes of the FCPA and the Bribery Act. 
 
 We also are subject to the jurisdiction of various governments and regulatory agencies around the world, which may bring our personnel and agents into contact with public officials responsible for issuing or renewing permits, licenses or approvals or for enforcing other governmental regulations. In addition, some of the international locations in which we will operate lack a developed legal system and have elevated levels of corruption. Our business also must be conducted in compliance with applicable export controls and trade and economic sanctions laws and regulations, including those of the U.S. government, the governments of other countries in which we will operate or conduct business and various multilateral organizations. Such laws and regulations include, without limitation, those administered and enforced by the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control, the U.S. Department of State, the U.S. Department of Commerce, the United Nations Security Council and other relevant sanctions authorities. Our provision of services to persons located outside the United States may be subject to certain regulatory prohibitions, restrictions or other requirements, including certain licensing or reporting requirements. Our provision of services outside of the United States also exposes us to the risk of violating, or being accused of violating, anti-corruption, exports controls and trade compliance and economic sanctions laws and regulations. Our failure to successfully comply with these laws and regulations may expose us to reputational harm as well as significant sanctions, including criminal fines, imprisonment, civil penalties, disgorgement of profits, injunctions and suspension or debarment from government contracts, as well as other remedial measures. Investigations of alleged violations can be expensive and disruptive. Though we have implemented formal training and monitoring programs, we cannot assure compliance by our employees or representatives for which we may be held responsible, and any such violation could materially adversely affect our reputation, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our business is subject to changes in medication pricing and is significantly impacted by pricing structures negotiated by industry participants. 
 
 Our platform aggregates and analyzes pricing data from a number of different sources. The discounted prices that we present through our platform are based in large part upon pricing structures negotiated by industry participants. We do not control the pricing strategies of pharmaceutical manufacturers, wholesalers, and pharmacy benefit managers PBMs ), each of which is motivated by independent considerations and drivers that are outside our control and has the ability to set or significantly impact market prices for different prescription medications. While we have contractual and non-contractual relationships with certain industry participants, such as PBMs and pharmaceutical manufacturers, these and other industry participants often negotiate complex and multi-party pricing structures, and we have no control over these participants and the policies and strategies that they implement in negotiating these pricing structures. 
 
 Pharmaceutical manufacturers generally direct medication pricing by setting medication list prices and offering rebates and discounts for their medications. List prices are impacted by, among other things, market considerations such as the number of competitor medications and availability of alternative treatment options. Wholesalers can impact medication pricing by purchasing medications in bulk from pharmaceutical manufacturers and then reselling such medications to pharmacies. PBMs generally impact medication pricing through their bargaining power, negotiated rebates with pharmaceutical manufacturers and contracts with different pharmacy providers and health insurance companies. PBMs work with pharmacies to determine the negotiated rate that will be paid at the pharmacy by consumers. Medication pricing is also impacted by health insurance companies and the extent to which a health insurance plan provides for, among other things, covered medications, preferred tiers for different medications and high or low deductibles. 
 
 Changes in the fee and pricing structures among industry participants, whether due to regulatory requirements, competitive pressures or otherwise, that reduce or adversely impact fees generated by PBMs would have an adverse effect on our ability to generate revenue and business. Due in part to existing pricing structures, we generate a small portion of our revenue through contracts with pharmaceutical manufacturers and other intermediaries. Changes in the roles of industry participants and in general pricing structures, as well as price competition among industry participants, could have an adverse impact on our business. For example, integration of PBMs and pharmacy providers could result in pricing structures whereby such entities would have greater pricing power and flexibility or industry players could implement direct-to-consumer initiatives that could significantly alter existing pricing structures, either of which would have an adverse impact on our ability to present competitive and low prices to consumers and, as a result, the value of our platform for consumers and our results of operations. 
 
 If reimbursement rates paid by third-party payors are reduced, if third-party payors otherwise restrain our ability to obtain or provide services to patients, or if governments introduce free healthcare provisions or create the provision of significantly different paradigms of delivery service, our business could be negatively impacted. 
 
 32 

Table of Contents 

 Private third-party payors pay for the services that we provide through our behavioral digital health consult and on-site division. If any commercial third-party payors reduce their reimbursement rates or elect not to cover some or all of our services, our business may be harmed. Third-party payors are also entering into sole source contracts with some healthcare providers, which could effectively limit our pool of potential customers. 
 
 Private third-party payors often use plan structures, such as narrow networks or tiered networks, to encourage or require customers to use in-network providers. In-network providers typically provide services through private third-party payors for a negotiated lower rate or other less favorable terms. Private third-party payors generally attempt to limit use of out-of-network providers by requiring customers to pay higher copayment and/or deductible amounts for out-of-network care. Additionally, private third-party payors have become increasingly aggressive in attempting to minimize the use of out-of-network providers by disregarding the assignment of payment from customers to out-of-network providers (i.e., sending payments directly to customers instead of to out-of-network providers), capping out-of-network benefits payable to customers, waiving out-of-pocket payment amounts and initiating litigation against out-of-network providers for interference with contractual relationships, insurance fraud and violation of state licensing and consumer protection laws. If we become out of network for insurers, our behavioral health business could be harmed and our behavioral health patient service revenue could be reduced because customers could stop using our services. Additionally, our behavioral health services business is heavily dependent on a contract with the Veterans Administration Agency. If that contract should be canceled, terminated or reduced, it will materially impact our behavioral health services business. 
 
 If reimbursement rates paid by federal or state healthcare programs are reduced or if government payors otherwise restrain our ability to obtain or provide services to customers, our business, financial condition and results of operation could be harmed. 
 
 A portion of our revenue comes from government healthcare programs, principally Medicare and Tricare. Payments from federal and state government programs are subject to statutory and regulatory changes, administrative rulings, interpretations and determinations, requirements for utilization review and federal and state funding restrictions, each of which could increase or decrease program payments, as well as affect the cost of providing service to patients. We are unable to predict the effect of recent and future policy changes on our operations. In addition, the uncertainty and fiscal pressures placed upon federal and state governments as a result of, among other things, deterioration in general economic conditions and the funding requirements from the federal healthcare reform legislation, may affect the availability of taxpayer funds for Medicare and Medicaid programs. Changes in government healthcare programs may reduce the reimbursement we receive and could adversely impact our business and results of operations. 
 
 As federal healthcare expenditures continue to increase, and state governments continue to face budgetary shortfalls, federal and state governments have made, and continue to make, significant changes in the Medicare and Medicaid programs. These changes include reductions in reimbursement levels and new or modified requirements related to Medicaid waivers. Some of these changes have decreased, or could decrease, the amount of money we receive for our services relating to these programs. In some cases, private third-party payors rely on all or portions of Medicare payment systems to determine payment rates. Changes to government healthcare programs that reduce payments under these programs may negatively impact payments from private third-party payors. 
 
 Our pharmacy operations within the behavioral health business subjects us to additional regulations; if we fail to comply, we could suffer penalties or be required to make significant changes to our operations. 
 
 Our behavioral health business utilizes various levels of pharmacy operation that is subject to extensive federal, state and local regulation. Pharmacies, pharmacists and pharmacy technicians are subject to a variety of federal and state statutes and regulations governing various aspects of operation, including the distribution of drugs; licensure of facilities and professionals, including pharmacists, technicians and other healthcare professionals; packaging, storing, distributing, and tracking of pharmaceuticals; repackaging of drug products; medication guides, and other consumer disclosures; interactions with prescribing professionals; counseling of patients; prescription transfers; security; controlled substance inventory control and recordkeeping; and reporting to the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency, the FDA, state boards of pharmacy, the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission and other state enforcement or regulatory agencies. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with any applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations and may expose us to civil and criminal penalties. 
 
 If we fail to comply with federal and state laws and policies governing claim submissions to government healthcare programs or commercial insurance programs, we may be subject to civil and criminal penalties or loss of eligibility to participate in government healthcare programs and contractual claims by commercial insurers. 
 
 We prepare and submit claims for professional services and certain of these claims are governed by federal and state laws with potential civil and criminal penalties for non-compliance. The HIPAA security, privacy and transaction standards also have a 
 33 

Table of Contents 

 potentially significant effect on our integrated care management services, because such services must be structured and provided in a way that supports our customers HIPAA compliance obligations. Errors by us or our systems with respect to entry, formatting, preparation or transmission of claim information may be determined or alleged to be in violation of these laws and regulations. If our integrated care management services fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we may be subjected to federal or state government investigations and possible penalties may be imposed upon us, false claims actions may have to be defended, private payors may file claims against us and we may be excluded from Medicare, Medicaid or other government-funded healthcare programs. Further, our customers may seek contractual remedies and indemnification. Any investigation or proceeding related to these topics, even if unwarranted or without merit, could adversely affect demand for our services, could force us to expend significant capital, research and development and other resources to address the failure, and may have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 If we fail to comply with Medicare and Medicaid regulatory, guidance or policy requirements, we may be subjected to reduced reimbursement, overpayment demands or loss of eligibility to participate in these programs. 
 
 The Medicare and Medicaid programs are highly regulated, and unique requirements governing the reimbursement of professional services delivered using digital health are evolving and complicated. In addition, changes in government healthcare programs may reduce the reimbursement we receive and could adversely affect our business and results of operations. In particular, there is uncertainty regarding whether temporary waivers of certain Medicare conditions of participation and payment for many virtual care services and temporary expansions of the types of Medicare-covered services that can be provided remotely will continue or be made permanent. If we fail to comply with applicable reimbursement laws and regulations, reimbursement under these programs and participation in these programs could be adversely affected. Federal or state governments may also impose other sanctions on us for failure to comply with the applicable reimbursement regulations, including but not limited to recovering an overpayment. Failure to comply with these or future laws and regulations could limit our ability to provide digital health services to our customers. 
 
 Recent and frequent state legislative and regulatory changes specific to digital health consults may present us with additional requirements and state compliance costs, with potential operational impacts in certain jurisdictions. 
 
 In recent years, various government agencies, both domestic and international, have adopted an abundance of new legislation and regulations specific to digital health. In some cases, this legislation and regulation, typically targeting direct-to-consumer digital health consult and pharmacy service offerings rather than specialty consultative services, such as our acute digital health solutions, incorporates informed consent, modality, medical record and other requirements. Thus, where new legislation and regulations apply to our digital health solutions, we may incur costs to monitor, evaluate and modify operational processes for compliance. All such activities increase our costs and could, in certain circumstances, impact our ability to make available digital health services in a particular state. 
 
 Risks Related to Innovation Lab Offerings 
 
 Issues arising from or related to the use of AI in our offerings may result in reputational harm or liability. 
 
 At UpHealth Innovation Lab, we are building AI-driven digital health solutions that are intended to enhance revenue through hyper-personalized customer experiences and productivity through the automation of re-designed healthcare operations. As with many disruptive innovations, AI presents risks and challenges that could affect its adoption, and therefore our business. AI algorithms may be flawed. Datasets may be insufficient or contain biased information. Inappropriate or controversial data practices by us or others could impair the acceptance of AI solutions. These deficiencies could undermine the decisions, predictions, or analysis AI applications produce, subjecting us to competitive harm, legal liability, and brand or reputational harm. Some AI scenarios present ethical issues. If we enable or offer AI solutions that are controversial because of their impact on human rights, privacy, employment, or other social issues, we may experience brand or reputational harm. 
 
 Limitations on our use of data related to current customer contracts and the impact of healthcare regulations may slow or limit the growth of our data and analytics offerings. 
 
 We are creating a state-of-the-art data fabric that simplifies data sharing and ensures data is discoverable across multiple systems. UpHealth s data and analytics enables organizations to implement advanced patient risk stratification and prescriptive next-best actions. However, we may face headwinds with limitations on the use of data in current customer contracts. We are currently evaluating those limitations and may need to renegotiate current contracts and negotiate future contracts to allow broader use of data to launch this initiative. Also, healthcare regulations concerning personal health information, including but not limited to HIPAA, HITECH, 42 CFR Part II, and their State law equivalents such as the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), as recently amended and expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), could have a significant effect on the manner in which we must handle healthcare related data, and the costs of complying with such standards could be significant. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Privacy, Cybersecurity, Technology and Intellectual Property 
 
 Our proprietary software may not operate properly, which could damage our reputation, give rise to claims against us or divert application of our resources from other purposes, any of which could harm our business. 
 
 We are currently implementing software with respect to a number of new applications and services. If our solutions do not function reliably or fail to achieve member, partner or customer expectations in terms of performance, we may lose or fail to grow customer usage, partners and customers could assert liability claims against us, and partners and customers may attempt to cancel their contracts with us. This could damage our reputation and impair our ability to attract or maintain health network partners and enterprise customers. 
 
 Our business is subject to complex and evolving foreign laws and regulations regarding privacy, data protection and other matters relating to information collection. 
 
 There are numerous foreign laws, regulations and directives regarding privacy and the collection, storage, transmission, use, processing, disclosure and protection of personally identifiable information PII and other personal or customer data, the scope of which is continually evolving and subject to differing interpretations, including, for example, the General Data Protection Regulation, the India Information Technology Act, 2000 and the India Digital Personal Data Protection Act, 2022, among others. Compliance with these laws can be onerous and expensive but failure to comply may expose us to liability and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 Our use and disclosure of personally identifiable information, including health information, is subject to federal and state privacy and security regulations, and our failure to comply with those regulations or to adequately secure the information we hold could result in significant liability or reputational harm and, in turn, a material adverse effect on our customer base and revenue. 
 
 Numerous state and federal laws and regulations govern the collection, dissemination, use, privacy, confidentiality, security, availability and integrity of PII, including protected health information PHI ). These laws and regulations include HIPAA. HIPAA establishes a set of basic national privacy and security standards for the protection of PHI, by health plans, healthcare clearinghouses and certain healthcare providers, referred to as covered entities, and the business associates with whom such covered entities contract for services, which includes us. 
 
 HIPAA requires healthcare providers like us to develop and maintain policies and procedures with respect to PHI that is used or disclosed, including the adoption of administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect such information. HIPAA also implemented the use of standard transaction code sets and standard identifiers that covered entities must use when submitting or receiving certain electronic healthcare transactions, including activities associated with the billing and collection of healthcare claims. 
 
 HIPAA imposes mandatory penalties for certain violations. Penalties for violations of HIPAA and its implementing regulations start at 119 per violation and are not to exceed 59,522 per violation, subject to a cap of 178,000,000 for violations of the same standard in a single calendar year. However, a single breach incident can result in violations of multiple standards. HIPAA also authorizes state attorneys general to file suit on behalf of their residents. Courts are able to award damages, costs and attorneys fees related to violations of HIPAA in such cases. While HIPAA does not create a private right of action allowing individuals to sue us in civil court for violations of HIPAA, its standards have been used as the basis for duty of care in state civil suits such as those for negligence or recklessness in the misuse or breach of PHI. 
 
 In addition, HIPAA mandates that the Secretary of HHS conduct periodic compliance audits of HIPAA covered entities or business associates for compliance with the HIPAA Privacy and Security Standards. It also tasks HHS with establishing a methodology whereby harmed individuals who were the victims of breaches of unsecured PHI may receive a percentage of the Civil Monetary Penalty fine paid by the violator. 
 
 HIPAA further requires that patients be notified of any unauthorized acquisition, access, use or disclosure of their unsecured PHI that compromises the privacy or security of such information, with certain exceptions related to unintentional or inadvertent use or disclosure by employees or authorized individuals. HIPAA specifies that such notifications must be made without unreasonable delay and in no case later than 60 calendar days after discovery of the breach. If a breach affects 500 patients or more, it must be reported to HHS without unreasonable delay, and HHS will post the name of the breaching entity on its public web site. Breaches affecting 500 patients or more in the same state or jurisdiction must also be reported to the local media. If a breach involves fewer than 500 people, the covered entity must record it in a log and notify HHS at least annually. 
 
 35 

Table of Contents 

 New health information standards, whether implemented pursuant to HIPAA, congressional action or otherwise, could have a significant effect on the manner in which we must handle healthcare related data, and the cost of complying with standards could be significant. If we do not comply with existing or new laws and regulations related to PHI, we could be subject to criminal or civil sanctions. 
 
 In addition to HIPAA, certain of our operations may be subject to the regulations governing the protection patient records created by federally assisted programs for the treatment of substance use disorder SUD under 42 CFR Part 2 (the Part 2 Rule ), implemented by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration SAMHSA ). The Part 2 Rule requires additional confidentiality obligations related to SUD treatment records and generally speaking, restricts the disclosure of SUD treatment records without patient consent, other than as statutorily authorized in the context of a bona fide medical emergency, or for the purpose of scientific research, audit, or program evaluation, or based on an appropriate court order. On July 15, 2020, SAMHSA issued a final rule on the protection of SUD treatment records under the Part 2 Rule that aims to reduce delays and burdens in care coordination by more closely aligning Part 2 with the HIPAA Privacy Rule, while maintaining certain privacy protections specific to Part 2. This final rule was effective August 14, 2020. Nevertheless, we must ensure that SUD treatment records covered under Part 2 are afforded the additional legal protections mandated by Part 2. 
 
 Numerous other federal and state laws protect the confidentiality, privacy, availability, integrity and security of PII, including PHI. These laws in many cases are more restrictive than, and may not be preempted by, the HIPAA rules and may be subject to varying interpretations by courts and government agencies, creating complex compliance issues for us and our customers and potentially exposing us to additional expense, adverse publicity and liability. For example, the Federal Trade Commission uses its consumer protection authority to initiate enforcement actions in response to alleged privacy and data security violations and certain states have adopted privacy and security standards that a more restrictive than HIPAA and that apply to PII in addition to PHI. For instance, the California Consumer Privacy Act (the CCPA ), which came into effect January 1, 2020, was recently amended and expanded by the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA passed on November 3, 2020. Most of the CPRA s substantive provisions will not take effect until January 1, 2023, however, the CPRA s expansion of the Right to Know impacts personal information collected on or after January 1, 2022. Companies must still comply with the CCPA during the ramp up period before CPRA goes into effect. The CCPA and CPRA, among other things, create new data privacy obligations for covered companies and provide new privacy rights to California residents, including the right to opt out of certain disclosures of their information. The CCPA also created a private right of action with statutory damages for certain data breaches, thereby potentially increasing risks associated with a data breach. It remains unclear what, if any, additional modifications will be made to the CPRA by the California legislature or how it will be interpreted. 
 
 In addition to the laws discussed above, we may see more stringent state and federal privacy legislation in 2021 and beyond, as the increased cyber-attacks during the pandemic have once again put a spotlight on data privacy and security in the U.S. and other jurisdictions. The Strengthening American Cybersecurity Act of 2022 (the SACA was signed into law in March 2022. One of the primary goals of the SACA is the protection of critical domestic infrastructure. Among other provisions, the SACA requires entities in critical infrastructure sectors to follow specified timelines and reporting procedures with respect to cybersecurity incidents and ransom payment demands. We would need to review our internal policies and infrastructure and invest in it to comply with the new requirements. 
 
 We cannot predict where new legislation might arise, the scope of such legislation, or the potential impact to our business and operations. This myriad of data privacy and security laws and regulations and the evolving regulatory landscape create complex compliance issues for us and our customers and potentially expose us to additional expense, adverse publicity and liability. 
 
 Because of the extreme sensitivity of the PII we store and transmit, the security features of our technology platform are very important. If our security measures, some of which are managed by third parties, are breached or fail, unauthorized persons may be able to obtain access to sensitive customer and customer data, including HIPAA-regulated PHI. As a result, our reputation could be severely damaged, adversely affecting customer and member confidence. Customers may curtail their use of, or stop using, our services or our customer base could decrease, which would cause our business to suffer. In addition, we could face litigation, damages for contract breach, penalties and regulatory actions for violation of HIPAA and other applicable laws or regulations and significant costs for remediation, notification to individuals and for measures to prevent future occurrences. Any potential security breach could also result in increased costs associated with liability for stolen assets or information, repairing system damage that may have been caused by such breaches, incentives offered to customers or other business partners in an effort to maintain our business relationships after a breach and implementing measures to prevent future occurrences, including organizational changes, deploying additional personnel and protection technologies, training employees and engaging third-party experts and consultants. While we maintain insurance covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses, we may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient to compensate for all liability and in any event, insurance coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security incident. 
 
 We outsource important aspects of the storage and transmission of customer and patient information, and thus rely on third parties to manage functions that have material cybersecurity risks. We attempt to address these risks by requiring outsourcing 
 36 

Table of Contents 

 subcontractors who handle customer and customer information to sign business associate agreements contractually requiring those subcontractors to adequately safeguard PHI and PII to the same extent that applies to us and in some cases by requiring such outsourcing subcontractors to undergo third-party security assessments. In addition, we periodically hire third-party security experts to assess and test our security posture. However, we cannot assure you that these contractual measures and other safeguards will adequately protect us from the risks associated with the storage and transmission of customers proprietary and protected health information. 
 
 We also publish statements to our customers that describe how we handle and protect PHI and PII. If federal or state regulatory authorities or private litigants consider any portion of these statements to be untrue, we may be subject to claims of deceptive practices, which could lead to significant liabilities and consequences, including, without limitation, costs of responding to investigations, defending against litigation, settling claims and complying with regulatory or court orders. 
 
 We also send short message service SMS ), text messages to potential end users who are eligible to use our service through certain customers and partners. While we obtain consent from or on behalf of these individuals to send text messages, federal or state regulatory authorities or private litigants may claim that the notices and disclosures we provide, or form of consents we obtain or our SMS texting practices, are not adequate. These SMS texting campaigns are potential sources of risk for class action lawsuits and liability for our company. Numerous class-action suits under federal and state laws have been filed in the past year against companies who conduct SMS texting programs, with many resulting in multi-million-dollar settlements to the plaintiffs. Any future such litigation against us could be costly and time-consuming to defend. 
 
 If we fail to maintain properly the integrity or availability of our data or successfully consolidate, integrate, upgrade or expand our existing information systems, or if our technology products do not operate as intended, our business could be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Our business depends on the integrity and timeliness of the data we use to serve our members, customers and health care professionals and to operate our business. If the data we rely upon to run our businesses is found to be inaccurate or unreliable or if we fail to maintain or protect our information systems and data integrity effectively, we could experience failures in our health, wellness and information technology products; lose existing customers; have difficulty attracting new customers; experience problems in determining medical cost estimates and establishing appropriate pricing; have difficulty preventing, detecting and controlling fraud; have disputes with customers, physicians and other health care professionals; become subject to regulatory sanctions, penalties, investigations or audits; incur increases in operating expenses; or suffer other adverse consequences. The volume of health care data generated, and the uses of data, including electronic health records, are rapidly expanding. Our ability to implement new and innovative services, automate and deploy new technologies to simplify administrative processes and clinical decision making, price our products and services adequately, provide effective service to our customers and consumers in an efficient and uninterrupted fashion, provide timely payments to care providers, and report accurately our results of operations depends on the integrity of the data in our information systems. In addition, connectivity among technologies is becoming increasingly important and recent trends toward greater consumer engagement in health care require new and enhanced technologies, including more sophisticated applications for mobile devices. Our information systems require an ongoing commitment of significant resources to maintain, protect and enhance existing systems and develop new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology, evolving systems and regulatory standards and changing customer preferences. We periodically consolidate, integrate, upgrade and expand our information systems capabilities as a result of technology initiatives, recently enacted regulations, changes in our system platforms and integration of new business acquisitions. Our process of consolidating the number of systems we operate, upgrading and expanding our information systems capabilities, enhancing our systems and developing new systems to keep pace with continuing changes in information processing technology may not be successful. Failure to protect, consolidate and integrate our systems successfully could result in higher than expected costs and diversion of management s time and energy, which could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Certain of our businesses sell and install software products which may contain unexpected design defects or may encounter unexpected complications during installation or when used with other technologies utilized by the customer. A failure of our technology products to operate as intended and in a seamless fashion with other products could materially and adversely affect our results of operations, financial position and cash flows. Uncertain and rapidly evolving U.S. federal and state, non-U.S. and international laws and regulations related to health data and the health information technology market may alter the competitive landscape or present compliance challenges and could materially and adversely affect the configuration of our information systems and platforms, and our ability to compete in this market. 
 
 We rely on data center providers, Internet infrastructure, bandwidth providers, third-party computer hardware and software, other third parties and our own systems for providing services to our customers, and any failure or interruption in the services provided by these third parties or our own systems could expose us to litigation and negatively impact our relationships with customers, adversely affecting our brand and our business. 
 
 37 

Table of Contents 

 We serve all of our customers leveraging a multi-cloud architecture using four vendors: Armor Defense; AWS, Microsoft Azure, and Google. This architecture provides redundancy, cost savings, and reduces our reliance on one single vendor. The actual instances are geographically diverse to insulate our applications from local failures, and have an additional layer of redundancy provided by company managed data centers. While we control and have access to our servers, we do not control the operation of these facilities. The cloud vendors and the owners of our data center facilities have no obligation to renew their agreements with us on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. If we are unable to renew these agreements on commercially reasonable terms, or if one of our cloud vendors or data center operators is acquired, we may be required to transfer our servers and other infrastructure to a new vendor or a new data center facility, and we may incur significant costs and possible service interruption in connection with doing so. Problems faced by our cloud vendors or third-party data center locations with the telecommunications network providers with whom we or they contract or with the systems by which our telecommunications providers allocate capacity among their customers, including us, could adversely affect the experience of our customers. Our cloud vendors or third-party data center operators could decide to close their facilities without adequate notice. In addition, any financial difficulties, such as bankruptcy faced by our cloud vendors or third-party data centers operators or any of the service providers with whom we or they contract may have negative effects on our business, the nature and extent of which are difficult to predict. 
 
 Additionally, if our cloud vendors or data centers are unable to keep up with our growing needs for capacity, this could have an adverse effect on our business. For example, a rapid expansion of our business could affect the service levels at our cloud vendors or data centers or cause such cloud systems or data centers and systems to fail. Any changes in third-party service levels at our cloud vendors or data centers or any disruptions or other performance problems with our products and services could adversely affect our reputation and may damage our customers stored files or result in lengthy interruptions in our services. Interruptions in our services may reduce our revenue, cause us to issue refunds to customers for prepaid and unused subscriptions, subject us to potential liability or adversely affect customer renewal rates. 
 
 We also rely on computer hardware purchased or leased, and software, storage and computers licensed from third parties in order to offer our solutions, including services from Google, Microsoft, Amazon, Apple, Audiocodes, Atlassian, Perforce and Redhat. These licenses are generally commercially available on varying terms. However, it is possible that this hardware and software may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of this hardware or software could result in delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated. These licenses are generally commercially available on varying terms. However, it is possible that this hardware and software may not continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any loss of the right to use any of this hardware or software could result in delays in the provisioning of our services until equivalent technology is either developed by us, or, if available, is identified, obtained and integrated. 
 
 Our ability to deliver our internet-based and mobile-application based services depends on the development and maintenance of the infrastructure of the internet by third parties. This includes maintenance of a reliable network backbone with the necessary speed, data capacity, bandwidth capacity and security. Our services are designed to operate without interruption. However, we may experience future interruptions and delays in services and availability from time to time. In the event of a catastrophic event with respect to one or more of our systems or those of our service providers, we may experience an extended period of system unavailability, which could negatively impact our relationship with customers, providers, partners, and suppliers. 
 
 We exercise limited control over third-party vendors, which increases our vulnerability to problems with technology and information services they provide. Interruptions in our network access and services may in connection with third-party technology and information services reduce our revenue, cause us to issue refunds to customers for prepaid and unused subscription services, subject us to potential liability or adversely affect customer renewal rates. Although we maintain a security and privacy damages insurance policy, the coverage under our policies may not be adequate to compensate us for all losses that may occur related to the services provided by our third-party vendors. In addition, we may not be able to continue to obtain adequate insurance coverage at an acceptable cost, if at all. 
 
 If our security measures fail or are breached and unauthorized access to a customer s data is obtained, our services may be perceived as insecure, we may incur significant liabilities, our reputation may be harmed and we could lose sales and customers. 
 
 Our services involve the storage and transmission of customers proprietary information, sensitive or confidential data, including valuable intellectual property and personal information of employees, customers and others, as well as the protected health information, or PHI, of our customers. Because of the extreme sensitivity of the information we store and transmit, the security features of our computer, network and communications systems infrastructure are critical to the success of our business. A breach or failure of our security measures, or the security of our data storage vendors, could result from a variety of circumstances and events, including third-party action, employee negligence or error, malfeasance, computer viruses, malicious code (including ransomware), cyber-attacks by computer hackers, failures during the process of upgrading or replacing software and databases, power outages, hardware failures, telecommunication failures, user errors or catastrophic events. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

 Information security risks have generally increased in recent years because of the proliferation of new technologies and the increased sophistication and activities of perpetrators of cyber-attacks. As cyber threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend additional resources to further enhance our information security measures and/or to investigate and remediate any information security vulnerabilities. If our or our vendors security measures fail or are breached, it could result in unauthorized persons accessing sensitive customer data (including PHI), a loss of or damage to our data or an inability to access data sources or process data or provide our services to our customers. There have also been several highly publicized cases in which hackers have requested ransom payments in exchange for not disclosing customer or other confidential information or for not disabling the target company s computer or other systems, and we have not been immune to this risk. Such failures or breaches of our security measures, or our inability to effectively resolve such failures or breaches in a timely manner, could severely damage our reputation, adversely affect customer or investor confidence in us, and reduce the demand for our services from existing and potential customers. In addition, we could face litigation, damages for contract breach, monetary penalties or regulatory actions for violation of applicable laws or regulations and incur significant costs for remedial measures to prevent future occurrences and mitigate past violations. Although we maintain insurance covering certain security and privacy damages and claim expenses, we may not carry insurance or maintain coverage sufficient to compensate for all liability and in any event, insurance coverage would not address the reputational damage that could result from a security incident. 
 
 We may experience cybersecurity and other breach incidents that remain undetected for an extended period. Because techniques used to obtain unauthorized access or to sabotage systems change frequently and generally are not recognized until launched, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or to implement adequate preventive measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security occurs, or if we are unable to effectively resolve such breaches in a timely manner, the market perception of the effectiveness of our security measures could be harmed and we could lose sales, customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, operations, and financial results. 
 
 We are exposed to data and cybersecurity risks that could result in data breaches, service interruptions, ransomware and demands, harm to our reputation, protracted and costly litigation or significant liability. 
 
 In connection with the products and services that we provide, we collect, use, store, transmit and otherwise process certain confidential, proprietary and sensitive information, including PII and PHI of customers, employees and others. We rely on the efficient, uninterrupted and secure operation of complex information technology systems and networks to operate our business and securely store, transmit and otherwise process such information. In the normal course of business, we also share information with our service providers and other third parties. A failure to safeguard the integrity, confidentiality, availability and authenticity of personal information, customer data and our proprietary data from cyber-attacks, unauthorized access, fraudulent activity (e.g., check kiting or fraud, wire fraud or other dishonest acts), data breaches, ransomware and other security incidents that we, our third-party service providers or our customers may experience may lead to modification, destruction, loss of availability or theft of critical and sensitive data pertaining to us, our customers or other third parties. While we have taken extensive precautions to protect such confidential, proprietary and sensitive information, including personal information, these risks were heightened due to our remote workforce due to the COVID-19 pandemic, and there can be no assurance that such actions will be sufficient to prevent cyber-attacks or security breaches or mitigate all potential risks to our systems, networks and data, particularly with the recent proliferation of ransomware attacks around the world. All such protective measures, as well as additional measures that may be required to comply with rapidly evolving data privacy and security standards and protocols imposed by law, regulation, industry standards or contractual obligations, have and will continue to cause us to incur substantial expenses. Failure to timely upgrade or maintain computer systems, software and networks as necessary could also make us or our third-party service providers susceptible to breaches and unauthorized access and misuse. We may be required to expend significant additional resources to modify, investigate or remediate vulnerabilities or other exposures arising from data and cybersecurity risks. 
 
 Improper access to our or our third-party service providers systems or databases could result in the theft, publication, deletion or modification of confidential, proprietary or sensitive information, including personal information. An actual or perceived breach of our security systems or those of our third-party service providers may require notification under applicable data privacy regulations or contractual obligations. The accidental or unauthorized access to or disclosure, loss, destruction, disablement, corruption or encryption of, use or misuse of or modification of our, our customers or other third parties confidential, proprietary or sensitive information, including personal information, by us or our third-party service providers could result in significant fines, penalties, orders, sanctions and proceedings or actions against us by governmental bodies and other regulatory authorities, customers or third parties, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Any such proceeding or action, and any related indemnification obligations, could damage our reputation, force us to incur significant expenses in defense of such proceeding or action, distract our management, increase our costs of doing business or result in the imposition of financial liability. 
 
 Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity, confidentiality, availability, and authenticity of our proprietary systems and information, it is possible that we may not be able to anticipate or to implement effective preventive measures against all cyber threats. No security solution, strategy, or measures can address all possible security threats or block all methods of penetrating a 
 39 

Table of Contents 

 network or otherwise perpetrating a security incident. The risk of unauthorized circumvention of our security measures or those of our third-party providers, customers and partners has been heightened by advances in computer and software capabilities and the increasing sophistication of hackers, including those operating on behalf of nation-state actors, who employ complex techniques involving the theft or misuse of personal and financial information, counterfeiting, phishing or social engineering incidents, account takeover attacks, denial or degradation of service attacks, malware, fraudulent payment and identity theft. Because the techniques used by hackers change frequently and are increasingly complex and sophisticated, and new technologies may not be identified until they are launched against a target, we and our third-party service providers may be unable to anticipate these techniques or detect an incident, assess its severity or impact, react or appropriately respond in a timely manner or implement adequate preventative measures. Our systems are also subject to compromise from internal threats, such as theft, misuse, unauthorized access or other improper actions by employees, service provides and other third parties with otherwise legitimate access to our systems or databases. The latency of a compromise is often measured in months, but could be years, and we may not be able to detect a compromise in a timely manner. 
 
 Due to applicable laws and regulations or contractual obligations, we may also be held responsible for any failure or cybersecurity breaches attributed to our third-party service providers as they relate to the information that we share with them. Although we generally have agreements relating to data privacy and security in place with our third-party service providers, they are limited in nature and we cannot guarantee that such agreements will prevent the accidental or unauthorized access to or disclosure, loss, destruction, disablement, corruption or encryption of, use or misuse of or modification of confidential, proprietary or sensitive information, including personal information, or enable us to obtain reimbursement from third-party service providers in the event we should suffer incidents resulting in accidental or unauthorized access to or disclosure, loss, destruction, disablement or encryption of, use or misuse of or modification of confidential, proprietary or sensitive information, including personal information. In addition, because we do not control our third-party service providers and our ability to monitor their data security is limited, we cannot ensure the security measures they take will be sufficient to protect confidential, proprietary or sensitive information (including personal information). 
 
 Regardless of whether a security incident or act of fraud involving our solutions is attributable to us or our third-party service providers, such an incident could, among other things, result in improper disclosure of information, harm our reputation and brand, reduce the demand for our products and services, lead to loss of customer business or confidence in the effectiveness of our security measures, disrupt normal business operations or result in our systems or products and services being unavailable. In addition, such incidents may require us to spend material resources to investigate or correct the incident and to prevent future security incidents, expose us to uninsured liability, increase our risk of regulatory scrutiny, expose us to protracted and costly litigation, trigger indemnity obligations, result in damages for contract breach, divert the attention of management from the operation of our business and otherwise cause us to incur significant costs or liabilities, any of which could affect our financial condition, results of operations and reputation. Moreover, there could be public announcements regarding any such incidents and any steps we take to respond to or remediate such incidents, and if securities analysts or investors perceive these announcements to be negative, it could, among other things, have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. In addition, our remediation efforts may not be successful. Further, any adverse findings in security audits or examinations could result in reputational damage to us, which could reduce the use and acceptance of our solutions, cause our customers to cease doing business with us or have a significant adverse impact on our revenue and future growth prospects. Furthermore, even if not directed at us specifically, attacks on other financial institutions could disrupt the overall functioning of the financial system or lead to additional regulation and oversight by federal and state agencies, which could impose new and costly compliance obligations. 
 
 If we or third parties on which we rely sustain cyber-attacks or other privacy or data security incidents resulting in security breaches disrupting our operations or resulting in the unintended dissemination of protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information, we could suffer a loss of revenue and increased costs, exposure to significant liability, reputational harm and other serious negative consequences. 
 
 We routinely process, store and transmit large amounts of data in our operations, including protected personal information subject to privacy, security or data breach notification laws, as well as proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties. Some of the data we process, store and transmit may be outside of the United States due to our information technology systems and international business operations. We are regularly the target of attempted cyber-attacks and other security threats and may be subject to breaches of the information technology systems we use. We have programs in place to detect, contain and respond to data security incidents and provide employee awareness training regarding phishing, malware and other cyber risks to protect against cyber risks and security breaches. However, because the techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently and are increasing in sophistication, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques, detect breaches for long periods of time or implement adequate preventive measures. Experienced computer programmers and hackers may be able to penetrate our security controls and access, misappropriate or otherwise compromise protected personal information or proprietary or confidential information or that of third parties, create system disruptions or cause system shutdowns, negatively affecting our operations. They also may be able to develop and deploy viruses, worms and other malicious software programs attacking our systems or otherwise exploit 
 40 

Table of Contents 

 any security vulnerabilities. Hardware, software, or applications we develop or procure from third parties may contain defects in design or manufacture or other problems which could unexpectedly compromise information security. Our facilities and services may also be vulnerable to security incidents or security attacks; acts of vandalism or theft; coordinated attacks by activist entities; financial fraud schemes; misplaced or lost data; human error; malicious social engineering; or other events which could negatively affect our systems, our customers data, proprietary or confidential information relating to our business or third parties, or our operations. Moreover, there has been an increase in new financial fraud schemes and ransomware attacks on large companies, whereby cybercriminals install malicious software preventing users or the enterprise from accessing computer files, systems or networks and demand payment of a ransom for return of access. In addition, there may be a heightened vulnerability due to the lack of physical supervision and on-site infrastructure for remote workforce operations. In certain circumstances we may rely on third-party vendors to process, store and transmit large amounts of data for our business whose operations are subject to similar risks. The costs to eliminate or address the foregoing security threats and vulnerabilities before or after a cyber-incident could be material. We have business continuation and resiliency plans which are maintained, updated and tested regularly in an effort to ensure successful containment and remediation of potential disruptions or cyber events. In the event that our remediation efforts may not be successful, it could result in interruptions, delays, or cessation of service and loss of existing or potential customers. In addition, breaches of our security measures and the unauthorized dissemination of sensitive personal information, proprietary information or confidential information about us or our customers or other third parties, could expose our customers private information and our customers to the risk of financial or medical identity theft, or expose us or other third parties to a risk of loss or misuse of this information, result in litigation and/or liability, including regulatory penalties, for us, damage our brand and reputation, or otherwise harm our business. 
 
 We could incur substantial costs as a result of any claim of infringement of another party s intellectual property rights. 
 
 In recent years, there has been significant litigation in the United States involving patents and other intellectual property rights. Companies in the Internet and technology industries are increasingly bringing and becoming subject to suits alleging infringement of proprietary rights, particularly patent rights, and our competitors and other third parties may hold patents or have pending patent applications, which could be related to our business. 
 
 These risks have been amplified by the increase in third parties, which we refer to as non-practicing entities, whose sole primary business is to assert such claims. Regardless of the merits of any intellectual property litigation, we may be required to expend significant management time and financial resources on the defense of such claims, and any adverse outcome of any such claim or the above referenced review could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. We expect that we may receive in the future notices that claim we or our customers using our products have misappropriated or misused other parties intellectual property rights, particularly as the number of competitors in our market grows and the functionality of applications amongst competitors overlaps. Any future litigation, whether or not successful, could be extremely costly to defend, divert our management s time, attention and resources, damage our reputation and brand and substantially harm our business. 
 
 In addition, in most instances, we have agreed to indemnify our customers against certain third-party claims, which may include claims that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of such third parties. Our business could be adversely affected by any significant disputes between us and our customers as to the applicability or scope of our indemnification obligations to them. The results of any intellectual property litigation to which we may become a party, or for which we are required to provide indemnification, may require us to do one or more of the following: 
 
 cease offering or using technologies that incorporate the challenged intellectual property; 
 make substantial payments for legal fees, settlement payments or other costs or damages; 
 obtain a license, which may not be available on reasonable terms, to sell or use the relevant technology; or 
 redesign technology to avoid infringement. 
 
 If we are required to make substantial payments or undertake any of the other actions noted above as a result of any intellectual property infringement claims against us or any obligation to indemnify our customers for such claims, such payments or costs could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are currently party to, and may enter into future, in-bound intellectual property license agreements. We may not be able to fully protect the intellectual property rights licensed to us or maintain those licenses. Our licensors may retain the right to prosecute and defend the intellectual property rights licensed to us, in which case we would depend on the ability of our licensors to obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property protection for the licensed intellectual property. These licensors may determine not to pursue litigation against other companies or may pursue such litigation less aggressively than we would. In addition, such licenses may only provide us with non-exclusive rights, which could allow other third parties, including our competitors, to utilize the licensed intellectual property rights. Further, our in-bound license agreements may impose various diligence, commercialization, royalty or other obligations on us. Our licensors may allege that we have breached our license 
 41 

Table of Contents 

 agreement with them, and accordingly seek to terminate our license, which could adversely affect our competitive business position and harm our business prospects. 
 
 Any failure to protect our intellectual property rights could impair our ability to protect our technology and our brand. 
 
 Our success depends in part on our ability to enforce our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. We rely upon a combination of patent, trademark, copyright, and trade secret laws, as well as license and access agreements and other contractual provisions, to protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights. In addition, we attempt to protect our intellectual property and proprietary information by requiring our employees, consultants and certain of our contractors to execute confidentiality and assignment of inventions agreements. These laws, procedures and restrictions provide only limited protection and any of our intellectual property rights may be challenged, invalidated, circumvented, infringed or misappropriated. To the extent that our intellectual property and other proprietary rights are not adequately protected, third parties may gain access to our proprietary information, develop and market solutions similar to ours or use trademarks similar to ours, each of which could materially harm our business. Unauthorized parties may also attempt to copy or obtain and use our technology to develop applications with the same functionality as our products, and policing unauthorized use of our technology and intellectual property rights is difficult and may not be effective. The failure to adequately protect our intellectual property and other proprietary rights could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Tax 
 
 Certain U.S. state tax authorities may assert that we have a state nexus and seek to impose state and local income taxes, which could adversely affect our results of operations . 
 
 We currently operate in several states. There is a risk that certain state tax authorities where we do not currently file a state income tax return could assert that we are liable for state and local income taxes based upon income or gross receipts allocable to such states. States are becoming increasingly aggressive in asserting a nexus for state income tax purposes. We could be subject to state and local taxation, including penalties and interest attributable to prior periods, if a state tax authority successfully asserts that our activities give rise to a nexus. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Taxing authorities may successfully assert that we should have collected or in the future should collect sales and use or similar taxes for digital health services, which could adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 We do not collect sales and use and similar taxes in any states for digital health services based on our belief that our services are not subject to such taxes in any state. Sales and use and similar tax laws and rates vary greatly from state to state. Additionally, we do not collect value-added tax or similar taxes in certain foreign jurisdictions based on our belief that our services are not subject to such taxes. Certain states or foreign jurisdictions in which we do not collect such taxes may assert that such taxes are applicable, which could result in tax assessments, penalties and interest with respect to past services, and we may be required to collect such taxes for services in the future. Such tax assessments, penalties and interest or future requirements may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Unanticipated changes in effective tax rates or adverse outcomes resulting from examination of our income or other tax returns could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are subject to income taxes in the United States and other jurisdictions, and our tax liabilities will be subject to the allocation of expenses in differing jurisdictions. Our future effective tax rates could be subject to volatility or adversely affected by a number of factors, including: 
 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
 expected timing and amount of the release of any tax valuation allowances; 
 tax effects of stock-based compensation; 
 tax effects of transaction costs; 
 costs related to intercompany restructurings; 
 costs related to impairment of goodwill and intangible assets; 
 changes in tax laws, regulations or interpretations thereof; or 
 lower than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have lower statutory tax rates and higher than anticipated future earnings in jurisdictions where we have higher statutory tax rates. 
 
 42 

Table of Contents 

 In addition, we may be subject to audits of our income, sales and other transaction taxes by taxing authorities. Outcomes from these audits could have an adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 General Risks Related to the Company 
 
 Because we have no current plans to pay cash dividends on shares of common stock for the foreseeable future, you may not receive any return on investment unless you sell your shares of common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 
 We may retain future earnings, if any, for future operations, expansion and debt repayment and have no current plans to pay any cash dividends for the foreseeable future. Any decision to declare and pay dividends as a public company in the future will be made at the discretion of the Company s Board of Directors and will depend on, among other things, our results of operations, financial condition, cash requirements, contractual restrictions and other factors that the Board of Directors may deem relevant. In addition, our ability to pay dividends may be limited by covenants of any existing and future outstanding indebtedness we or our subsidiaries incur. As a result, you may not receive any return on an investment in the common stock unless you sell your common stock for a price greater than that which you paid for it. 
 
 There can be no assurance that UpHealth will be able to comply with the continued listing standards of the NYSE. 
 
 UpHealth s common stock and warrants are listed on the NYSE under the symbol UPH and UPH.WS, respectively. If the NYSE delists UpHealth s shares from trading on its exchange for failure to meet the listing standards, UpHealth and its stockholders could face significant material adverse consequences including: 
 
 a limited availability of market quotations for UpHealth s securities; 
 a determination that UpHealth common stock is a penny stock which will require brokers trading in UpHealth common stock to adhere to more stringent rules, possibly resulting in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for shares of UpHealth common stock; 
 a limited amount of analyst coverage; and 
 a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 On December 5, 2022 our stockholders approved an amendment to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to effect a reverse split of the outstanding shares of our common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, at a specific ratio within a range of 4:1 to 10:1, with the specific ratio to be fixed within this range by our board of directors in its sole discretion without further stockholder approval (the Reverse Stock Split ). Our board of directors fixed the Reverse Stock Split ratio at 10:1, such that each ten shares of common stock were combined and reconstituted into one share of common stock effective December 8, 2022. Although the Reverse Stock Split enabled us to regain compliance with the continued listing standards of the NYSE by raising the price of our common stock above the 1.00 continued listing criterion, if, in the future, our stock price again falls below the continued listing criterion of a minimum share price of 1.00 over a 30-trading day period, our common stock will be subject to immediate review by the NYSE. In such an event, the NYSE could determine that we do not satisfy its continued listing standards, and we may be subject to delisting if we are unable to cure any such noncompliance. 
 
 The Company may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on its financial condition, results of operations and stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 As a result of events which occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2022, as discussed under the heading Dispute and Litigation Regarding Control of Glocal Board of Directors in Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of Part I of this Annual Report, we determined that a reconsideration event occurred in July 2022, which required us to reassess whether Glocal Healthcare Systems Private Limited Glocal was a variable interest entity VIE and whether we continued to have a controlling financial interest in Glocal. Based on this assessment, we concluded that Glocal was a VIE, and furthermore, that we no longer have the ability to direct any activities of Glocal and no longer have a controlling financial interest. As a result, effective July 2022, we deconsolidated Glocal and recorded a 37.7 million loss on deconsolidation of equity investment in our consolidated statements of operations, measured as the difference between the probability-weighted fair value of Glocal of 21.2 million and the carrying amount of Glocal s assets and liabilities as of June 30, 2022. The probability-weighted fair value of Glocal is included in equity investment in our consolidated balance sheets. Further, we assessed the prospective accounting for our equity investment in Glocal. Since we no longer had the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of Glocal, we concluded the investment should be accounted for utilizing the ASC 621 measurement alternative, whereby the investment was measured at cost and will continue to be evaluated for any indicators of impairment. In addition, we derecognized 14.3 million of noncontrolling interests related to Glocal. If through the legal processes discussed under the heading Dispute and Litigation Regarding Control of Glocal Board of Directors in Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of Part I of this Annual Report, we are able to obtain the ability to direct the activities of Glocal, and it is our intent to exercise all 
 43 

Table of Contents 

 legal rights and remedies to achieve such a result, then we will further reassess the appropriate accounting treatment of our investment in Glocal. 
 
 The Company may be forced to write-down or write-off assets in the future, restructure its operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and may not have an immediate impact on the Company s liquidity, the fact that the Company reports charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about it or its securities. Furthermore, as a result of indicators of impairment identified during the three months ended September 30, 2022, we performed a goodwill impairment assessment as of September 30, 2022, which included both qualitative and quantitative assessments. Our assessment included a comparison of carrying value to an estimated fair value using a market approach based on our market capitalization. Based on this assessment, we concluded the fair value of two segments was below the carrying value primarily due to the recent change in our market valuation and financial performance and recorded a goodwill impairment in the amount of 89.1 million and an intangible asset impairment in the amount of 16.9 million. We also recorded a 1.8 million charge on the remeasurement of the disposal group held for sale in the three months ended December 31, 2022, in connection with the pending sale of Innovations Group. Additionally, we recorded a 5.5 million measurement period adjustment at Glocal that was immediately impaired, and a 0.7 million trade name intangible asset impairment at TTC during the three months ended March 31, 2022. In addition, charges of this nature may cause the Company to be unable to obtain future financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 UpHealth incurs significant increased expenses and administrative burdens as a public company, which may have an adverse effect on its business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 UpHealth faces increased legal, accounting, administrative and other costs and expenses as a public company that UpHealth Holdings and Cloudbreak did not incur as private companies. The Sarbanes-Oxley Act, including the requirements of Section 404, as well as rules and regulations subsequently implemented by the SEC, the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010 and the rules and regulations promulgated and to be promulgated thereunder, Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (the PCAOB and the securities exchanges, impose additional reporting and other obligations on public companies. Compliance with public company requirements increase costs and make certain activities more time-consuming. A number of those requirements require UpHealth to carry out activities that neither UpHealth Holdings nor Cloudbreak did previously. For example, UpHealth has created new board committees and adopted new internal controls and disclosure controls and procedures. In addition, expenses associated with SEC reporting requirements have been, and will continue to be, incurred. Furthermore, if any issues in complying with those requirements are identified (for example, if the auditors or the Company identifies a material weakness or significant deficiency in the internal control over financial reporting), UpHealth could incur additional costs rectifying those issues, and the existence of those issues could adversely affect UpHealth s reputation or investor perceptions of it. It may also be more expensive to obtain director and officer liability insurance. Risks associated with UpHealth s status as a public company may make it more difficult to attract and retain qualified persons to serve on the UpHealth Board or as executive officers. The additional reporting and other obligations imposed by these rules and regulations will increase legal and financial compliance costs and the costs of related legal, accounting and administrative activities. These increased costs have required, and will continue to require, UpHealth to divert a significant amount of money that could otherwise be used to expand the business and achieve strategic objectives. Advocacy efforts by stockholders and third parties may also prompt additional changes in governance and reporting requirements, which could further increase costs. 
 
 Certain of our warrants are being accounted for as a warrant liability and are being recorded at fair value upon issuance with changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 In the private placement of units that occurred concurrently with our IPO, our Founders acquired 56,750 private warrants (as adjusted for the Reverse Stock Split). The private warrants are exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, at the holder s option, and are non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If the private warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the private warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the units sold in the IPO, in which case the 56,750 private warrants could be redeemed by the Company for 5,675. Under GAAP, we are required to evaluate contingent exercise provisions of these warrants and then their settlement provisions to determine whether they should be accounted for as a warrant liability or as equity. Any settlement amount not equal to the difference between the fair value of a fixed number of our equity shares and a fixed monetary amount precludes these warrants from being considered indexed to our own stock, and therefore, from being accounted for as equity. As a result of the provision that the private warrants, when held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, will be redeemable by the Company, the requirements for accounting for these warrants as equity are not satisfied. Therefore, as described in our financial statements included in this Annual Report, we are accounting for these private warrants as a warrant liability and are recording that liability at fair value upon issuance and are recording any subsequent changes in fair value as of the end of each period for which 
 44 

Table of Contents 

 earnings are reported, as we determine based upon a valuation report obtained from our independent third party valuation firm. The impact of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. 
 
 The Company s ability to be successful is totally dependent upon the efforts of its key personnel. 
 
 The Company s ability to be successful is dependent upon the efforts of the Company. Furthermore, while the Company intends to closely scrutinize any individuals it hires in the future, it cannot assure you that its assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause the Company to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect its operations. 
 
 A market for the Company s securities may not continue, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of its securities, and the failure to maintain the Company s common stock as listed on a national exchange would constitute a Fundamental Change under the Company s indentures. 
 
 The price of the Company s securities may fluctuate significantly due to the market s reaction to the Company s financial performance and general market and economic conditions. An active trading market for the Company s securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained. In addition, the price of the Company s securities can vary due to general economic conditions and forecasts, the Company s general business condition and the release of the Company s financial reports. Additionally, if the Company s securities become delisted from the NYSE for any reason, and are quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board (an inter-dealer automated quotation system for equity securities that is not a national securities exchange), the liquidity and price of the Company s securities may be more limited than if the Company s securities were quoted or listed on the NYSE or another national securities exchange. You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established or sustained. 
 
 In addition, the failure to maintain the Company s common stock as listed on a national exchange will constitute a Fundamental Change under the Company s indentures governing its convertible notes. As such, if the common stock were to become delisted prior to the respective maturity dates of the convertible notes, a holder may elect to surrender its convertible notes for conversion upon the effectiveness of the delisting and the conversion rate applicable to such notes will be increased by a number of additional shares of common stock determined in accordance with the terms of the indentures. 
 
 If the Company does not meet the expectations of investors, stockholders or financial analysts, the market price of the Company s securities may decline. 
 
 If the Company does not meet the expectations of investors or securities analysts, the market price of the Company s securities may decline. 
 
 In addition, fluctuations in the price of the Company s securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in the Company s securities and the Company s securities may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. In such circumstances, the trading price of the Company s securities may not recover and may experience a further decline. 
 
 Factors affecting the trading price of the Company s securities may include: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in the Company s quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to the Company; 
 changes in the market s expectations about the Company s operating results; 
 success of competitors; 
 the Company s operating results failing to meet the expectation of securities analysts or investors in a particular period; 
 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning the Company or the market in general; 
 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to the Company 
 the Company s ability to market new and enhanced services and products on a timely basis; 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting the Company s business; 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving the Company; 
 changes in the Company s capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 
 the volume of shares of the Company s securities available for public sale; 
 any major change in the board or management; 
 sales of substantial amounts of common stock by the Company s directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 
 45 

Table of Contents 

 general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 
 
 Broad market and industry factors may materially harm the market price of the Company s securities irrespective of its operating performance. The stock market in general and the NYSE have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of the Company s securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for retail stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to the Company could depress the Company s stock price regardless of the Company s business, prospects, financial condition or results of operations. A decline in the market price of the Company s securities also could adversely affect the Company s ability to issue additional securities and the Company s ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 If securities or industry analysts do not publish or cease publishing research or reports about the Company, its business, or its market, or if they change their recommendations regarding the Company s securities adversely, the price and trading volume of the Company s securities could decline. 
 
 The trading market for the Company s securities will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about the Company, its business, its market, or its competitors. Securities and industry analysts do not currently, and may never, publish research on the Company. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of the Company, the Company s stock price and trading volume would likely be negatively impacted. If any of the analysts who may cover the Company, change their recommendation regarding the Company s stock adversely, or provide more favorable relative recommendations about the Company s competitors, the price of the Company s securities would likely decline. If any analyst who may cover the Company were to cease coverage of the Company or fail to regularly publish reports on it, the Company could lose visibility in the financial markets, which could cause its stock price or trading volume to decline. 
 
 The future sales of shares by existing stockholders may adversely affect the market price of the Company s common stock. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of the Company s common stock in the public market could occur at any time. If the Company s stockholders sell, or the market perceives that the Company s stockholders intend to sell, substantial amounts of the Company s common stock in the public market, the market price of the Company s common stock could decline. 
 
 Resales of our shares of common stock could depress the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We have approximately 16,784,476 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 30, 2023. The shares held by the Company s public stockholders are freely tradable. In addition, the Company registered shares of common stock issued as merger consideration (none of which remain subject to a contractual lockup period), and will be registering shares for resales by its officers, directors and other affiliates, as well as shares underlying the warrants and convertible notes issued by the Company, which shares will become available for resale following the exercise or conversion of the warrants or convertible notes, respectively. Rule 144 also became available for the resale of shares of our common stock on June 14, 2021. Such sales of shares of common stock or the perception of such sales may depress the market price of our common stock. 
 
 We are required to comply with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, and if we fail to continue to comply, our business could be harmed and our stock price could decline. 
 
 Rules adopted by the SEC pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act require an annual assessment of internal control over financial reporting, and for certain issuers an attestation of this assessment by the issuer s independent registered public accounting firm. The standards that must be met for management to assess the internal control over financial reporting as effective are evolving and complex, and require significant documentation, testing, and possible remediation to meet the detailed standards. We expect to incur significant expenses and to devote resources to Section 404 compliance on an ongoing basis. It is difficult for us to predict how long it will take or costly it will be to complete the assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting for each year and to remediate any deficiencies in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result, we may not be able to complete the assessment and remediation process on a timely basis. In addition, although the auditor attestation requirements are not presently applicable, to us we could become subject to these requirements in the future and we may encounter problems or delays in completing the implementation of any resulting changes to internal control over financial reporting. In the event that our Chief Executive Officer or Chief Financial Officer determine that our internal control over financial reporting is not effective as defined under Section 404, we cannot predict how regulators will react or how the market prices of our shares will be affected; however, we believe that there is a risk that investor confidence and share value may be negatively affected. 
 
 46 

Table of Contents 

 Our internal control over financial reporting may not be effective and our independent registered public accounting firm may not be able to certify as to their effectiveness, which could have a significant and adverse effect on our business and reputation. 
 
 As a public company, we are required to comply with the SEC s rules implementing Sections 302 and 404 of the Sarbanes Oxley Act, which require management to certify financial and other information in our quarterly and annual reports and provide an annual management report on the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting. To comply with the requirements of being a public company, the Company is required to provide management s assessment on internal controls commencing with this Annual Report for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. The standards required for a public company under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are significantly more stringent than those that were required of UpHealth Holdings and Cloudbreak as privately-held companies. Further, as an emerging growth company, our independent registered public accounting firm is not required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 until the date we are no longer an emerging growth company. At such time, our independent registered public accounting firm may issue a report that is adverse in the event that it is not satisfied with the level at which the controls of the Company are documented, designed or operating. 
 
 Testing and maintaining these controls can divert our management s attention from other matters that are important to the operation of our business. If we identify additional material weaknesses in the internal control over financial reporting of the Company or are unable to comply with the requirements of Section 404 or assert that our internal control over financial reporting is effective, or if our independent registered public accounting firm is unable to express an opinion as to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting when we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, investors may lose confidence in the accuracy and completeness of our financial reports and the market price of our common stock could be negatively affected, and we could become subject to investigations by the SEC or other regulatory authorities, which could require additional financial and management resources. 
 
 Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect the Company s business, investments and results of operations. 
 
 The Company is subject to laws, regulations and rules enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, the Company is required to comply with certain SEC, NYSE and other legal or regulatory requirements, including the NYSE upon the transfer of its listing. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws, regulations and rules may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws, regulations and rules and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws, regulations and rules, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business and results of operations. 
 
 The future exercise of registration rights may adversely affect the market price of our common stock. 
 
 Certain of our stockholders have registration rights for restricted securities. We are obligated to register certain securities, including (i) the shares of common stock held by a single institutional investor, and the shares of common stock issuable to such investor upon the exercise of warrants, pursuant to a securities purchase agreement, dated March 9, 2023, between us and such investor, (ii) all of the shares of common stock acquired in private placements prior to or in conjunction with our initial public offering, and (iii) certain shares of common stock held by former securities holders of UpHealth Holdings and Cloudbreak. We are obligated to file resale shelf registration statements to register such securities and use reasonable best efforts to cause such registration statements to be declared effective by the SEC as soon as reasonably practicable after the filing. Sales of a substantial number of shares of common stock pursuant to a resale registration statement in the public market could occur at any time such registration statement remains effective. In addition, certain registration rights holders can request underwritten offerings to sell their securities. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of shares intend to sell shares, could reduce the market price of our common stock. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 The following table sets forth the location, approximate square footage and primary use of each of the principal properties we occupied as of December 31, 2022, as well as our reportable segments that use the properties described: Segment Location Approximate Square Footage Primary Use Corporate/Services Delray Beach, Florida 34,414 Corporate headquarters and customer care center Services Delray Beach, Florida 43,787 Customer care center Services Delray Beach, Florida 115,372 Customer care center Services North Salt Lake, Utah 43,543 Corporate office, manufacturing and warehouse Services St. Louis, Missouri 8,226 Corporate office and customer care center Virtual Care Infrastructure Columbus, Ohio (1) 20,455 Corporate office Virtual Care Infrastructure El Segundo, California (1) 12,251 Corporate office Integrated Care Management Chicago, Illinois 6,316 Corporate office Integrated Care Management San Francisco, California 11,742 Corporate office 
 (1) Substantially all of these facilities are subleased. 
 We lease all of our properties, with the exception of certain properties in India that are owned by Glocal. We believe our facilities are suitable to meet our current and reasonably anticipated future needs. However, we regularly evaluate our operating properties, and may make further additions and improvements or consolidate locations as we seek opportunities to expand or enhance the efficiency of our business. 
 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 From time to time, we may be subjected to claims or lawsuits which arise in the ordinary course of business. Estimates for resolution of legal and other contingencies are accrued when losses are probable and reasonably estimable. In the opinion of management, after consulting with legal counsel, none of these other claims are currently expected to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated results of operations, financial position or cash flows. Except as set forth below, our material legal proceedings are described in Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. 
 Dispute and Litigation Regarding Control of Glocal Board of Directors 
 
 As further described in a Current Report on Form 8-K that the Company filed with the SEC on October 3, 2022 (the October 3 Current Report ), on November 20, 2020, the Company, then known as GigCapital2, Inc., entered into a Business Combination Agreement to acquire UpHealth Holdings. The acquisition of UpHealth Holdings by the Company was completed on June 9, 2021. At the time of the acquisition of UpHealth Holdings, UpHealth Holdings owned five direct subsidiaries, one of which is Glocal Healthcare Systems Private Limited, an Indian company with its registered office in Kolkata, West Bengal, India Glocal ). Although Glocal is a direct subsidiary of UpHealth Holdings, which currently owns 94.81 of the equity of Glocal, UpHealth Holdings currently has no representatives on the board of directors of Glocal. Rather, the board of directors of Glocal consists of three individuals who have constituted such board since before UpHealth Holdings acquired any ownership interest in Glocal Dr. Syed Sabahat Azim Sabahat Azim ), Richa Azim Richa Azim, and together with Sabahat Azim, the Azims and Gautam Chowdhury Chowdhury, and together with the Azims, the Glocal Board ). 
 
 As also described in the October 3 Current Report, following the closing of the acquisition of UpHealth Holdings by the Company, UpHealth Holdings has endeavored to have the Glocal Board appoint UpHealth Holdings designees to the board of Glocal as provided for in the Amendment Agreement (as defined below). To date, the Glocal Board has not complied with the terms of the Amendment Agreement to appoint UpHealth Holdings designees to the board of Glocal, and has deliberately acted to obstruct those appointments. As described in the October 3 Current Report, as a result, UpHealth Holdings attempted to 
 48 

Table of Contents 

 convene an Extraordinary General Meeting of the shareholders of Glocal (the EGM where it, as the owner of 94.81 of the equity of Glocal, could vote in proportion to its shareholding to elect its designees to the board of Glocal and also to amend the Articles of Association of Glocal to provide that its designees would have certain affirmative voting rights on the board of Glocal. In July 2022, during the pendency of the lawsuit brought by Bray and Kathuria described above, UpHealth Holdings sent a written request to the Glocal Board to call an EGM, which request was not acted upon by the Glocal Board. Following this, on August 15, 2022, UpHealth Holdings, as a supermajority shareholder, used a procedure provided for under Indian law and the Articles of Association of Glocal to requisition the EGM. Following that requisition, the Glocal Board called the EGM and set it for September 26, 2022. 
 
 As also described in the October 3 Current Report, notwithstanding the Glocal Board calling the EGM and setting it for September 26, 2022, on September 21, 2022, all three members of the Glocal Board (i.e., the Azims and Chowdhury) and an employee and shareholder of Glocal (collectively, the Petitioners filed a petition in India before the National Company Law Tribunal, Kolkata Bench (the NCLT against Glocal and UpHealth Holdings, wherein the Petitioners claim that there was on October 30, 2020 an oral agreement entered into between UpHealth Holdings and the Azims whereby UpHealth Holdings would allegedly invest money into Glocal and would just be an investor but would not be involved with the operations of Glocal or be acquiring controlling equity ownership of Glocal, and that the Azims could allegedly at will require [UpHealth Holdings] to exit [Glocal] and return the investment . . . as long as [the Azims] were in a position to return the investment of [UpHealth Holdings] with a reasonable interest i.e., return on their [sic] investment. The petition states that this alleged oral agreement preceded the entry on October 30, 2020 into the Share Purchase Agreement (the SPA between UpHealth Holdings, Glocal, and various shareholders of Glocal, including the Azims, Chowdhury and Kimberlite Social Infra Private Limited, an Indian entity of which the Azims are equity owners and the sole directors Kimberlite ), by which UpHealth Holdings has acquired its ownership of 94.81 of the equity of Glocal. The petition also states that, notwithstanding the contrary terms of the SPA to this purported oral agreement, the Azims would be able to return to UpHealth Holdings the investment with a reasonable interest, i.e., return on its investment at the opportune time, which the Azims now purport to want to do, and the Petitioners claim that UpHealth Holdings allegedly refuses to do in breach of the alleged oral agreement. As a result, the Petitioners requested that the NCLT declare that UpHealth Holdings is not entitled to certain of the shares of Glocal that UpHealth Holdings owns and that such shares be cancelled and their prior issuance to UpHealth Holdings be declared null, void and illegal; enjoin UpHealth Holdings from representing that it is a shareholder of Glocal; enjoin the EGM of Glocal from being held on September 26, 2022; and prevent the election of UpHealth Holdings designees and the amendments to the Articles of Association from being approved at the EGM. 
 
 As also described in the October 3 Current Report, contrary to the above claims made by the Petitioners, there was no oral agreement between the Azims and UpHealth Holdings made on October 30, 2020, or at any other time. In conjunction with the acquisition of UpHealth Holdings by the Company in 2021, the Company prepared and filed with the SEC a Registration Statement on Form S-4. Sabahat Azim was involved with the preparation of this Registration Statement, as was Kathuria, who was the President of UpHealth Holdings on October 30, 2020. Neither Kathuria nor anyone else at UpHealth Holdings ever disclosed to the Company as part of either the Business Combination Agreement or the preparation of the Registration Statement that there was an oral agreement between the Azims and UpHealth Holdings. Nor did Sabahat Azim make such disclosure to the Company or inform the Company that the Registration Statement needed to be revised to reflect the existence of an oral agreement. Furthermore, Kathuria confirmed in a meeting of the full board of directors of the Company held on September 21, 2022 that neither he nor anyone else at UpHealth Holdings ever discussed or entered into such oral agreement. 
 
 As also described in the October 3 Current Report, at a hearing before the NCLT held on September 23, 2022, on this basis, Indian counsel to UpHealth Holdings informed the NCLT that (i) there is no such oral agreement as alleged by the Petitioners, and that the controlling agreement is the SPA, (ii) under the terms of the SPA, UpHealth Holdings has acquired 94.81 equity ownership of Glocal, (iii) the Azims acquired shares of common stock of the Company, and (iv) the Azims, as members of a voting group involving various current or former directors and employees of the Company and their affiliates, attempted earlier this year to leverage their ownership of shares of common stock of the Company to advance both Sabahat Azim and another shareholder of Glocal, Meleveetil Damodaran Damodaran, who is the former Chairman of the Securities and Exchange Board of India SEBI )), becoming a director of the Company. Notwithstanding what was sought by the voting group, neither Azim nor Damodaran were accepted by the Board of Directors of the Company as a director nominee. Indian counsel to UpHealth Holdings further informed the NCLT that these facts, together with Sabahat Azim having been involved with the preparation of various filings made by the Company with the SEC, which filings stated that UpHealth Holdings was acquiring Glocal (consistent with the covenant included in the Amendment Agreement that is described below in Background Context ), and having made no mention of the purported oral agreement to enable the Azims to return the investments of UpHealth Holdings, contravened the sudden claim of the Petitioners that there is an oral agreement. Indian counsel to UpHealth Holdings also provided legal arguments as to why the EGM could not be enjoined, and that the board of Glocal should be reconstituted to add UpHealth Holdings designees and that the Articles of Association of Glocal should be amended as proposed. As described in the October 3 Current Report, at the hearing, the NCLT verbally directed Glocal to delay the holding of the EGM on 
 49 

Table of Contents 

 September 26, 2022, from 11:00 a.m. Indian time to 2:00 p.m. Indian time to enable the NCLT to issue a written ruling on the matter. 
 
 As also described in the October 3 Current Report, on September 26, 2022, with UpHealth Holdings, three of the shareholders of Glocal who were not parties to the SPA (the Non-Party Glocal Shareholders ), and seventeen other shareholders of Glocal (including the Azims and Chowdhury) in attendance, Sabahat Azim commenced the EGM at 11:00 a.m. Indian time but then adjourned the meeting to 2:00 p.m. Indian time pursuant to the NCLT s direction, at which time he re-opened the EGM. Shortly after the EGM was re-opened, the NCLT issued its written ruling, denying the request to enjoin the EGM, and ordering that the board of Glocal should be reconstituted to add UpHealth Holdings designees, and that the reconstituted board of Glocal should act to amend the Articles of Association of Glocal. The NCLT s written ruling stated that UpHealth Holdings is the majority shareholder of Glocal and the Petitioners hold only a miniscule shareholding in [Glocal] that does not come to his [sic] aid in an attempt to thwart the proposed call for the EGM given by [Glocal] itself. Sabahat Azim was informed during the EGM of the written ruling of the NCLT. Notwithstanding the written ruling that the Glocal board be reconstituted to add UpHealth Holdings designees, and provisions of Indian law and the Articles of Association that provide that the holders of more than 10 of the shares of an Indian corporation may demand for a vote by the polling of shares at the EGM, and UpHealth Holdings having so demanded for a vote by the polling of shares, Sabahat Azim illegally refused to do so, and instead called for the vote at the EGM by a show of hands of the Glocal shareholders in attendance at the EGM, with the motions for the election of UpHealth Holdings designees being defeated by a vote of 4-17, with only UpHealth Holdings and the Non-Party Glocal Shareholders voting in favor of these motions. The amendment of the Articles of Association of Glocal similarly failed. Following the EGM, UpHealth Holdings and each of the Non-Party Glocal Shareholders filed a polling record and sent a written protest to the Glocal Board on the outcome of the EGM. 
 
 As also described in the October 3 Current Report, UpHealth Holdings is also acting to obtain financial statements from Glocal for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022. Under Indian law, Glocal was obligated to call its annual general meeting of shareholders by September 30, 2022, and to prepare its Indian statutory audited financial statements; however, the Glocal Board has not done either. In further breach of their obligations, as described in the October 3 Current Report, the Glocal Board had prevented the accounting firm that had been engaged to work on the preparation of the Indian statutory audited financial statements from entering Glocal s offices, and the Petitioners have even asserted in their petition to the NCLT that the engagement of this accounting firm is evidence of alleged undue control by UpHealth Holdings of Glocal. As separately disclosed in the Current Report on Form 8-K filed by the Company with the SEC on November 14, 2022 (the November 14 Current Report ), this separate accounting firm that served as Glocal s auditors has expressed concern over the actions of the Glocal Board and has stated to UpHealth Holdings that it is uncertain whether it will be able to complete its review of the financial statements for Glocal for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022. As further disclosed in the November 14 Current Report, subsequent to the filing of the October 3 Current Report, that separate accounting firm has since resigned as the auditors of Glocal, citing to developments in Glocal related to the announced dispute between the Glocal Board and UpHealth Holdings. As a result of this resignation, a review of the financial statements for Glocal for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022 has not yet been conducted. Furthermore, Glocal has not yet delivered to UpHealth Holdings such financial statements. 
 
 The SPA provides that any dispute, controversy, or claim arising under or relating to it or any breach or threatened breach of it (an Arbitrable Dispute will be resolved by final and binding arbitration administered by the International Court of Arbitration of the International Chamber of Commerce (the ICA ). In light of the above-described breaches by the Glocal Board and Glocal (collectively, the Emergency Arbitration Respondents ), on October 25, 2022, UpHealth Holdings submitted an application (the Emergency Application to the ICA for emergency measures, including a request that the emergency arbitrator issue the following orders: 
 
 (i) Directing the Emergency Arbitration Respondents, both individually and jointly, to immediately provide to UpHealth Holdings, and to any PCAOB-registered accounting firm identified by UpHealth Holdings, access to all financial statement(s), data, documents, books and records necessary to be consolidated into UpHealth s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022, in the form and manner requested (the Financial Statements Request 
 
 (ii) Directing the Emergency Arbitration Respondents, both jointly and individually, to cooperate with any PCAOB-registered accounting firm identified by UpHealth Holdings in their review of the information provided pursuant to the Financial Statements Request, including responding to any questions, making any company employees or officers available to respond to questions, and complying with any requests for further information or clarifications (the Cooperation Request and 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 

 (iii) Restraining the Emergency Arbitration Respondents, both jointly and individually, from making, or causing to be made, any changes to the authorized signatory to access approximately US 7 million in funds held in a designated Share Account maintained with a leading bank in India for which the Chief Financial Officer of the Company is the sole authorized signatory (the Share Account Request ). 
 
 On October 27, 2022, the President of the ICA appointed an Emergency Arbitrator to hear and decide the claims stated in the Application. On November 9, 2022, the Emergency Arbitrator conducted a hearing on the matter where the Emergency Arbitration Respondents were represented by counsel. On November 10, 2022, the Emergency Arbitrator issued a temporary restraining order that restrained the Emergency Arbitration Respondents as requested by UpHealth Holdings in the Share Account Request. On November 16, 2022, the Emergency Arbitrator issued an order that included the following: 
 
 (i) Declares that the Emergency Arbitrator has jurisdiction to rule on the Application. 
 
 (ii) Declares that the requests made in the Application are admissible. 
 
 (iii) Directs the Emergency Arbitration Respondents, both individually and jointly, to immediately provide to UpHealth Holdings, and to any PCAOB-registered accounting firm identified by UpHealth Holdings, access to all unaudited financial statement(s), data, documents, books and records necessary to be consolidated into UpHealth s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022, in the form and manner requested (i.e., the Financial Statements Request). 
 
 (iv) Directs the Emergency Arbitration Respondents, both jointly and individually, to cooperate with any PCAOB-registered accounting firm identified by UpHealth Holdings in their review of the information provided pursuant to the Financial Statements Request, including responding to any questions, making any company employees or officers available to respond to questions, and complying with any requests for further information or clarifications (i.e., the Cooperation Request). 
 
 (v) Orders the Emergency Arbitration Respondents jointly and individually to refrain from taking any steps to access the funds in the Share Account (i.e., the Share Account Request). 
 
 Furthermore, on November 4, 2022, UpHealth Holdings filed a Request for Arbitration before the ICA against Glocal, the Azims, Chowdhury, Damodaran and Kimberlite (the Arbitration Respondents ), for breach of the SPA, obstruction of UpHealth Holdings exercise of its statutory rights under the Indian Company Act as a super-majority shareholder of Glocal, and misrepresentation. UpHealth Holdings seeks an order for the following relief in the arbitration: 
 
 (i) Declaring that UpHealth Holdings is the 94.81 super majority shareholder in Glocal; 
 
 (ii) Declaring that UpHealth Holdings has good and marketable title over 94.81 of the shareholding in Glocal, free and clear of all encumbrances and together with all rights, title, interest and benefits appertaining thereto; 
 
 (iii) Issuing a permanent mandatory injunction that among other things: 
 
 (a) Directs the Arbitration Respondents to take all necessary steps to (i) convene a meeting of the Glocal Board to appoint UpHealth Holdings designee(s) as director(s) of the Glocal Board, and (ii) and, at that meeting, authorizes the appointment of UpHealth Holdings designee(s) as director(s) of the Glocal Board; and 
 
 (b) Directs the Arbitration Respondents, both individually and jointly, to (i) convene a general meeting to approve and authorize the amendment of the Articles of Association of Glocal, (ii) approve and authorize the amendment of the Articles of Association of Glocal, (iii) take all necessary steps under Indian law to ensure UpHealth Holdings is provided a right for its designee on the Glocal Board to act as the Chairman of the general meeting, having the right to exercise a casting vote in case of a deadlock, and (iv) at the general meeting, if demanded the voting method prescribed by the Companies Act, which contemplates that when a poll of all shareholders is demanded by any member holding more than one-tenth of the total voting power, the chair of the meeting is obligated to carry out the poll; and 
 
 (iv) Ordering Azim, Richa Sana Azim, Chowdhury, Damodaran and Kimberlite to, jointly and severally, pay damages to UpHealth Holdings in the amount of the difference between (i) the value UpHealth Holdings expected to receive from the Glocal shares it purchased through the SPA, based on the representations of Azim, Richa Sana Azim, Chowdhury, 
 51 

Table of Contents 

 Damodaran and Kimberlite about Glocal before the SPA was signed, and (ii) the value UpHealth Holdings has received from the Glocal shares it purchased through the SPA. The precise amount of damages Azim, Richa Sana Azim, Chowdhury, Damodaran and Kimberlite owe to UpHealth Holdings will be quantified later in these proceedings but is no less than US 150 million. 
 
 The ICC has constituted the arbitral tribunal. Each of the Arbitration Respondents have written to the ICC seeking to not have the arbitration proceed, including the Emergency Arbitration Respondents claiming that there is no jurisdiction for an arbitration, in part due to the existence of the proceeding before the NCLT, and Damodaran claiming that he should not have to bear the expense of an arbitration notwithstanding having been a party to the SPA and receiving significant consideration from UpHealth Holdings for the sale of shares of Glocal. The arbitral tribunal is in the process of scheduling its proceedings. 
 
 On December 23, 2022, the High Court of Calcutta, India, Commercial Division (the High Court ), in the case entitled UpHealth Holdings, Inc. v. Glocal Healthcare Systems Private Limited and Ors , on an application by UpHealth Holdings against the Emergency Arbitration Respondents under Section 9 of the Indian Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996, to enforce the order of the Emergency Arbitrator, issued a ruling stating that: 
 
 two crucial facts which are unassailable are that (a) [UpHealth Holdings] in terms of the [SPA] has invested a substantial sum of money aggregating to approximately to Rs. 2100 crores and (b) [UpHealth Holdings] is the single largest majority shareholder of [Glocal] holding approximately 94.5 shares in [Glocal], whereas, [the Azims and Chowdhury] being the erstwhile promoters of [Glocal] hold a miniscule shareholding in the company. 
 
 On this basis, the High Court ruled that the proceeding before the NCLT cannot be a bar to the arbitration process and that the order of the Emergency Arbitrator should be enforced. The Azims and the Glocal Board have appealed the December 23, 2022 Order, which appeals are pending, however, a Division Bench of the Appellate Court has subsequently reinforced the requirement for Glocal to produce financial information to UpHealth Holdings. 
 
 Background Context 
 
 As described in the October 3 Current Report, Sabahat Azim executed the SPA on behalf of himself, Glocal and Kimberlite; Richa Azim and Chowdhury each executed the SPA on behalf of themselves; and Kathuria, the then-President of UpHealth Holdings, executed the SPA on behalf of UpHealth Holdings. 
 
 As also described in the October 3 Current Report, the SPA provided that UpHealth Holdings would acquire a majority stake of the share capital of Glocal. This was to be accomplished in multiple steps. First, UpHealth Holdings would acquire from two institutional investor shareholders of Glocal all of the shares held by one of such shareholders and certain of the shares held by the other of such shareholders, representing approximately 43.46 of the outstanding equity of Glocal. This uncontested acquisition occurred on November 20, 2020. Second, UpHealth Holdings would make an investment into Glocal of 3.0 million pursuant to a rights offering by Glocal that was open to all Glocal equity owners. UpHealth Holdings made the 3.0 million payment to Glocal pursuant to the rights offering on March 26, 2021, and received shares in Glocal at that time, but it was at that time decided that UpHealth Holdings would be obligated to pay additional amounts as a capital contribution over the next year in the amount of approximately 8.95 million as part of the rights offering. Subsequently, Glocal made a call for the additional capital contribution and UpHealth Holdings made the second payment of approximately 8.95 million to Glocal pursuant to the rights offering on June 16, 2021, to complete the payment for the rights offering shares. With the issuance of the rights offering shares by Glocal, UpHealth Holdings increased its ownership to approximately 90.4 of the outstanding equity of Glocal. Third, on May 14, 2021, UpHealth Holdings acquired the remaining shares of Glocal held by one of the institutional investor shareholders of Glocal which had sold shares of Glocal in the first step and delivered as acquisition consideration a certain number of UpHealth Holdings shares and a promissory note. Fourth, the SPA provided that UpHealth Holdings would acquire for the payment of cash additional shares of Glocal held by the shareholder parties to the SPA, including the Azims, Chowdhury and Kimberlite. This acquisition occurred during the summer of 2021, and as a result of such acquisition, UpHealth Holdings ownership of Glocal was increased to approximately 92.2 of the equity of Glocal. Fifth, in August 2021, Glocal made a private placement of shares to UpHealth Holdings with slightly more than half of the payment for this private placement being made in August 2021, and the remaining amounts to be paid over the following twelve months, with UpHealth Holdings making the last payment on August 15, 2022. The issuance of the private placement shares in August 2021 increased UpHealth Holdings ownership to 94.81 of the equity of Glocal. Under the terms of the SPA, the Azims, Chowdhury and Kimberlite, among other Glocal shareholders, were not selling all of their shares in Glocal. As a final step, there is an option for UpHealth Holdings to acquire the remaining shares held by such Glocal shareholders. This option has not yet been exercised. Pursuant to the terms of the SPA, and as a result of the acquisition of the shares of Glocal by UpHealth Holdings, the Azims and Kimberlite 
 52 

Table of Contents 

 became the beneficial owners of shares of common stock of UpHealth Holdings which were held by Eligere Limited Liability Company Eligere ). 
 
 As also described in the October 3 Current Report, on November 20, 2020, the parties to the SPA amended the SPA, (the Amendment Agreement ). The Amendment Agreement, among other things, provided that after acquisition by UpHealth Holdings of most of the shares of Glocal held by the Azims, Chowdhury and Kimberlite, the Glocal Board would convene and hold a meeting at which resolutions would be passed approving and authorizing the appointment of UpHealth Holdings designee(s) as director(s) to the Board of Glocal. In addition, the Amendment Agreement added as a covenant to the SPA, the following provision: 
 
 All Parties agree that the commercial intent is through the transactions contemplated by the SPA [UpHealth Holdings] shall eventually own 100 of the [Glocal] Share Capital. To that end, [the Azims, Chowdhury, Kimberlite and one other Glocal shareholder] shall cooperate with [UpHealth Holdings] to increase [UpHealth Holdings ] ownership in [Glocal] after the [date by which UpHealth Holdings increased its ownership to 94.81 of the equity of Glocal] in a form and manner acceptable to [UpHealth Holdings]. 
 
 As also described in the October 3 Current Report, as a result of the acquisition of UpHealth Holdings by the Company, the shares of common stock of UpHealth Holdings owned by Eligere were converted into shares of common stock of the Company. According to a Form 3/A filed by Eligere, Kimberlite and the Azims with the SEC on August 11, 2022, Eligere owns for the benefit of Kimberlite and the Azims a total of 6,116,842 shares of the common stock of the Company, Kimberlite beneficially owns 684,981 shares of the common stock of the Company, Sabahat Azim beneficially owns 2,716,319 shares of the common stock of the Company, and Richa Azim beneficially owns 2,715,542 shares of the common stock of the Company. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

 PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Our common stock and warrants are traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbols UPH and UPH.WS, respectively. As of February 28, 2023, there were approximately 105 stockholders of record of our common stock. As of February 28, 2023, there were approximately 42 holders of record of our warrants. 
 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividend on our common stock. We currently do not expect to pay any dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. 
 
 Recent Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities 
 Please refer to the Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q and Current Reports on Form 8-K that we have filed with the SEC for information regarding our 2025 Notes Offering that closed on August 18, 2022. 
 
 Recent Purchases of Equity Securities 
 We made no repurchases of our equity securities during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plans 
 See Part III, Item 12, Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters for information relating to securities authorized for issuance under our equity compensation plans. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 You should read the following management s discussion and analysis in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and related notes included under Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report. Unless otherwise indicated or the context otherwise requires, references in this section to we, our, us, UpHealth, the Company, and other similar terms refer to UpHealth, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Formation 
 UpHealth Services, Inc. was formed on November 5, 2019, and effectively began operations on January 1, 2020. It was formed for the purpose of effecting a combination of various companies engaged in digital health, and commenced negotiations with a number of companies, including those that are discussed below as having been acquired. UpHealth Holdings, Inc. UpHealth Holdings became the sole shareholder of with UpHealth Services, Inc. through a reorganization with UpHealth Services, Inc. s original shareholders when UpHealth Holdings was formed on October 26, 2020 as a Delaware corporation. UpHealth Holdings then entered into a series of transactions to develop its business across three segments: (a) Integrated Care Management through its subsidiary Thrasys, Inc. Thrasys (b)Virtual Care Infrastructure through its subsidiary Glocal Healthcare Systems Private Limited Glocal and (c) Services through its subsidiaries Innovations Group, Inc. Innovations Group ), Behavioral Health Services, LLC BHS ), and TTC Healthcare, Inc. TTC ). On June 9, 2021, UpHealth (fka GigCapital2) acquired UpHealth Holdings and its subsidiaries, which added Cloudbreak Health, LLC Cloudbreak to the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment. 
 
 Completed Business Combinations 
 On November 20, 2020, UpHealth Holdings acquired BHS, pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger between UpHealth Holdings and BHS, in exchange for consideration in the form of a promissory note in the amount of 1.2 million and 
 54 

Table of Contents 

 shares of UpHealth Holdings. The information set forth below includes the results of operations, liquidity and capital resources of BHS for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 On November 20, 2020, UpHealth Holdings acquired Thrasys pursuant to the terms of an Amended and Restated Plan of Merger between the parties, in exchange for consideration in the form of a promissory note in the amount of 20.0 million and shares of UpHealth Holdings common stock. The information set forth below includes the results of operations, liquidity and capital resources of Thrasys for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022. 
 On January 25, 2021, UpHealth Holdings acquired TTC, which became a wholly owned subsidiary, pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger between UpHealth Holdings and TTC, in exchange for consideration in the form of a promissory note in the amount of 12.1 million and shares of UpHealth Holdings common stock. Beginning January 25, 2021, the results of operations of TTC are consolidated with those of UpHealth Holdings in the UpHealth, Inc. consolidated financial statements provided with this Annual Report. The information set forth below includes the results of operations, liquidity and capital resources of TTC for the period from January 25, 2021 through December 31, 2022. 
 Glocal is now a super-majority owned (but not wholly owned) subsidiary of UpHealth Holdings. The acquisition of Glocal by UpHealth Holdings was structured to occur in multiple steps. Pursuant to the terms and conditions of a Share Purchase Agreement between UpHealth Holdings, Glocal, and certain Glocal shareholders, the first step concluded on November 20, 2020, when UpHealth Holdings acquired approximately 43.46 of the outstanding equity share capital of Glocal and delivered shares of UpHealth Holdings common stock and a 8.7 million note, which was paid in June 2021. As part of the second step, on March 26, 2021, UpHealth Holdings acquired additional equity share capital of Glocal, increasing its ownership to approximately 89.4 of the outstanding equity of Glocal, by way of capital investment into Glocal, with 3.0 million paid in March 2021. On May 14, 2021, UpHealth Holdings acquired additional equity share capital of Glocal, increasing its ownership to approximately 90.4 of the outstanding equity of Glocal, and delivered shares of UpHealth Holdings common stock. The third step concluded on June 21, 2021, when UpHealth Holdings acquired additional equity share capital of Glocal, increasing its ownership to approximately 92.2 of the outstanding equity of Glocal, and delivered 9.2 million in cash to the selling shareholders. The fourth step concluded on August 27, 2021, when UpHealth Holdings acquired additional equity share capital of Glocal, increasing its ownership to approximately 94.81 of the outstanding equity of Glocal, and delivered 20.0 million in cash to the selling shareholders. UpHealth Holdings, as the majority shareholder, will, in conjunction with the remaining Glocal shareholders, increase UpHealth Holdings ownership in Glocal through the acquisition of remaining shares, and/or any other manner acceptable to UpHealth Holdings and permitted under India law. 
 UpHealth Holdings accounted for its ownership in Glocal using the equity method from November 20, 2020 through March 25, 2021. Beginning March 26, 2021, the results of operations of Glocal are consolidated with those of UpHealth Holdings in the UpHealth, Inc. consolidated financial statements provided with this Annual Report. As discussed in Note 1, Organization and Business , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we deconsolidated Glocal during the three months ended September 30, 2022. Accordingly, the information set forth below includes the results of operations, liquidity and capital resources of Glocal for the period from March 26, 2021 through June 30, 2022. 
 On April 27, 2021, UpHealth Holdings acquired Innovations Group, which became a wholly owned subsidiary, pursuant to the terms of an Agreement and Plan of Merger between UpHealth Holdings and Innovations Group, in exchange for consideration in the form of a promissory note in the amount of 30.0 million and shares of UpHealth Holdings common stock. Beginning April 27, 2021, the results of operations of Innovations Group are consolidated with those of UpHealth Holdings in the UpHealth, Inc. consolidated financial statements provided with this Annual Report. The information set forth below includes the results of operations, liquidity and capital resources of Innovations Group for the period from April 27, 2021 through December 31, 2022. 
 O n June 9, 2021, UpHealth acquired Cloudbreak, which became a wholly owned subsidiary, pursuant to the terms of a Business Combination Agreement between UpHealth and Cloudbreak, in exchange for consideration in the form of a promissory note in the amount of 36.6 million and shares of UpHealth common stock. Beginning June 9, 2021, the results of operations of Cloudbreak are consolidated with those of UpHealth in the UpHealth, Inc. consolidated financial statements provided with this Annual Report. The information set forth below includes the results of operations, liquidity and capital resources of Cloudbreak for the period from June 9, 2021 through December 31, 2022. 
 On June 9, 2021, UpHealth acquired UpHealth Holdings and its subsidiaries, which became a wholly owned subsidiary, in an exchange of cash, notes, and shares of common stock for all the shares of UpHealth Holdings capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective time of the acquisition. The acquisition was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, which is the equivalent of UpHealth Holdings issuing stock for the net assets of UpHealth, accompanied by a 
 55 

Table of Contents 

 recapitalization, with UpHealth treated as the accounting acquiree. The determination of UpHealth as the accounting acquiree was primarily based on the fact that subsequent to the acquisition, UpHealth Holdings owned a majority of the voting power of the combined company, UpHealth Holdings comprised 75 of the ongoing operations of the combined entity, UpHealth Holdings controlled a majority of the governing body of the combined company, and UpHealth Holdings senior management comprised most of the senior management of the combined company. Subsequent to June 9, 2021, the results of operations of UpHealth are consolidated with those of UpHealth Holdings in the UpHealth, Inc. consolidated financial statements provided with this Annual Report. The information set forth below includes the results of operations, liquidity and capital resources of UpHealth for the period from June 9, 2021 through December 31, 2022. 
 
 UpHealth, Inc. Business Overview 
 
 After undergoing a process launched in the second half of 2021 designed to help us determine how to tie the various components of the businesses brought together between November 2020 and June 2021 that we launched in the summer of 2021, in 2022, we turned to transforming our business strategy to create a company that can profitably fulfill our mission as an integrated whole. By considering our previous financial performance, we determined that it was necessary for us to pivot and to focus on fewer investments for growth. As a result, we sought to establish a company that will deliver high-quality, predictable revenue streams, conserve cash and readjust our operating expenses, and improve operational excellence. This led us to make the following decisions with regard to our reporting segments: 
 
 As a result of the previously disclosed ongoing control issues and legal proceedings with Glocal, UpHealth deconsolidated Glocal in July 2022. These issues and disputes are described in our Current Reports on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 3, 2022 and November 14, 2022, and in our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the fiscal quarter ended September 30, 2022 filed with the SEC on December 29, 2022, as well as in Part I, Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of this Annual Report. Accordingly, although Glocal is included in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment operating results for the first six months of 2022, it is not included in the Virtual Care Infrastructure business discussion for the latter six months of 2022. As of March 31, 2023, the operations of Glocal remain deconsolidated from the rest of UpHealth as we continue to pursue all legal recourse against the founders of that business. 
 
 On February 26, 2023, UpHealth Holdings agreed to sell 100 of the outstanding capital stock of Innovations Group to Belmar MidCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation Belmar and a wholly owned subsidiary of Belmar Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, a portfolio company of Webster Capital IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement, dated February 26, 2023, by and among UpHealth, UpHealth Holdings, Innovations Group, and Belmar. The sale is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023, subject to the completion of required regulatory filings. Innovations Group s financial results are included in the discussion of full year 2022 results for the Services business, as they are considered held-for-sale. 
 
 At the start of 2023, we made the decision to integrate BHS into our legacy TTC operations and wind down our provider practice in Missouri. As such, BHS results for 2022 are included in the full year 2022 results for the Services business. 
 
 Following all of these changes, our reporting structure remains the same. We have three business segments: (a) Integrated Care Management, which has evolved from the legacy Thrasys business; (b) Virtual Care Infrastructure, which uses Martti TM , a platform developed by the legacy Cloudbreak business; and (c) Services, which is focused on behavioral health services using a platform created by the legacy TTC business. 
 
 Going forward, UpHealth will offer patient-centric digital health technologies and technology-enabled services to manage health and behavioral health across our strategic businesses. We are focused on integrating the value streams represented across these three product and service lines, and focusing on building more data and analytics capabilities to complement our technology. Additionally, we are working on a partnership to incorporate artificial intelligence AI into our core product offerings. 
 Integrated Care Management Segment 
 Overview 
 Integrated Care Management is a healthcare technology business that serves organizations that pay for healthcare, including health plans and state, federal and municipal agencies that ensure the people they sponsor receive high-quality care, administered and delivered efficiently and effectively, all while driving health equity so that every individual, family, and community has access to the care they need. 
 
 56 

Table of Contents 

 The Integrated Care Management business is powered by the SyntraNet TM technology platform and applications. SyntraNet TM is a configurable integrated health management platform that enables clinical and community-based care teams to share information, coordinate care, manage utilization, and improve health outcomes and costs for individuals and populations especially individuals with complex medical, behavioral health, and social needs. 
 
 SyntraNet TM creates virtual care communities logical networks of organizations, care managers and service providers that function as an integrated care team to deploy programs to improve health, quality, performance, efficiency, and costs. 
 
 Core features of the platform include the ability to: 
 
 Create virtual, cross-sector care communities; 
 Integrate and organize information from a wide range of health and social health data sources; 
 Gain insight into health, risks, and opportunities with advanced analytics; 
 Qualify and enroll groups into programs; 
 Coordinate care teams across the continuum of care; and 
 Analyze and report on various measures of success. 
 
 Our Integrated Care Management platform provides health plans and provider groups the ability to manage health with new value-based models of care. Our clients include the largest public health plan in the United States, entities that are part of the nation s most comprehensive whole person care initiatives, and one of the fastest growing value-based pharmacy benefit managers. 
 
 Integrated Care sells its products primarily through its direct sales force, strategic collaborations and external producers in two key areas: payors including health plans and third-party administrators and public entities including state and local health care agencies. Revenues are derived from license fees, recurring subscription fees, and professional services for implementation. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 Integrated Care Management derives revenues broadly from the sales of (a) products with associated license, subscription, and hosting fees and (b) services largely to implement, configure, and extend the technology, and train and on-board users on the use of the platform and applications. 
 Licenses and Subscriptions Revenues . License revenues are typically associated with rights granted to customers to deploy the platform to a certain number of care communities of a certain size, usually measured as the total population of patients that can be included within a care community. License revenues are recognized based on the nature of the license provided, either fully on the date license rights are granted to the customer if there are no further performance obligations or ratably over the license term beginning on the effective date of each contract, the date the customer takes possession of the license rights. 
 Subscription fees are recurring fees charged for access to the platform and applications. Subscription fees are typically pegged to a measure of use, such as population size, number of providers, members enrolled in programs, or number of members managed by applications. Subscription fees can grow as customers subscribe to additional application features or launch additional programs. Revenues from subscription fees are recognized ratably over the subscription term. 
 Services . The majority of Integrated Care Management s contracts to provide professional services are priced on a time and materials basis, whereby revenues are recognized as the services are rendered. In some cases, Integrated Care Management enters into professional services contracts where professional services fees are defined for specific milestones, whereby revenues are recognized upon achievement of the milestones. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues for Integrated Care Management include: costs related to hosting SyntraNet TM in a HIPAA-compliant cloud environment; costs of third-party product licenses embedded with SyntraNet TM ; costs of a core professional services team; and an allocation of facilities, information technology, and depreciation costs. Added compliance requirements for security infrastructure is likely to add some additional costs for hosting services. Integrated Care Management also anticipates added costs for third-party licenses that will be added as the scope and footprint of the technology platform expands. 
 Hosting Infrastructure . Integrated Care Management s technology and solutions are designed to be agnostic to any particular cloud services provider. Currently, customer environments are hosted through contracts with two cloud service providers. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

 Integrated Care Management anticipates capabilities of cloud service providers to grow, and costs to become increasingly competitive, and will continue to evaluate offerings in the marketplace to determine the optimum mix of security, reliability, scalability, and performance to meet customer needs. Hosting infrastructure costs for Integrated Care Management are related to the number and size of environments deployed for customers and also on the service level agreements SLAs negotiated with customers. As the average size of customers continues to grow, hosting infrastructure costs are expected to grow as a percentage of revenue. 
 Third-Party Product Licenses . SyntraNet TM embeds certain third-party technology components to support some of its technology capabilities. There are multiple vendors for these components, and Integrated Care Management is not dependent on any specific vendor. 
 Professional Services Team . Integrated Care Management s professional services team works closely with the product team and is best understood as an A-team created to lead showcase implementations. The goal is to keep the professional services team small in order to focus it on deploying reference customers and facilitating the on-boarding and coaching of systems integration partners. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing S M Expenses . S M expenses include an internal sales and marketing team and contracts with business development consultants to generate and qualify leads, and an allocation of facilities, information technology, and depreciation costs. 
 Research and Development R D Expenses . Integrated Care Management continues to invest in R D. The core R D team consists of a small team of very experienced software developers. R D expenses also includes an allocation of facilities, information technology, and depreciation costs. 
 General and Administrative G A Expenses . G A expenses include compensation and benefits expense, and other administrative costs, related to its executive, finance, human resources, legal, facilities, and information technology teams, net of allocations to cost of revenues, S M expenses, and R D expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses . Depreciation expense relates to the depreciation of computer equipment, purchased software, furniture and fixtures, and office equipment, net of amounts allocated to cost of revenues. Amortization expense relates to the amortization of intangible assets from the acquisition of Thrasys. 
 
 Virtual Care Infrastructure Segment 
 Overview 
 Virtual Care Infrastructure is a technology and technology-enabled services business that connects healthcare systems with platforms, analytics and services that make clinical and administrative processes simpler and more efficient. Hospital systems, physicians, and patients depend on UpHealth to help them improve performance, reduce costs and advance care quality through technology-enabled services built directly into clinical workflows. 
 
 Powered by Martti , Virtual Care Infrastructure is a provider of unified telehealth solutions and digital health tools aimed at increasing access to healthcare and resolving health disparities across the care continuum. The Virtual Care Infrastructure business segment has one of the largest installed user bases in the nation, performing more than 300,000 encounters per month on over 40,000 video endpoints at over 2,800 healthcare venues in over 250 languages across the United States. Through its integrated telehealth and language access services, the platform serves as the digital front door to in-hospital care. The Martti TM platform provides digital health infrastructure enabling its partners to implement unique, private-label telehealth strategies customized to their specific needs and markets, with language access built-in. 
 
 In 2022, Martti TM expanded its operations by leveraging its existing platform to include other telemedicine use cases such as telestroke, teleneurology, and telepsychiatry. We also launched a home health virtual visit platform enabling healthcare system partners to see their patients remotely on any device, at any time, anywhere the patient may be, and in any language they may speak. 
 
 Virtual Care Infrastructure s products and services are sold primarily through a direct sales force. Virtual Care Infrastructure s products are also supported and distributed through an array of alliances and business partnerships with other technology vendors, who integrate and interface our products with their applications. Our Virtual Care Infrastructure business offers an 
 58 

Table of Contents 

 expanding suite of telehealth use cases, which are delivered under multi-year contracts that include fixed minimums with upside attributable to usage-based fees. Our client base includes hospitals and health systems, federally qualified healthcare clinics FQHCs ), urgent care centers, stand-alone clinics, and medical practices. 
 As discussed in Note 1, Organization and Business , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we deconsolidated Glocal during the three months ended September 30, 2022. Accordingly, the information set forth below includes the results of operations, liquidity and capital resources of Glocal for the period from March 26, 2021 through June 30, 2022. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 Services . Services revenues are generated primarily from the sale of subscription-based fixed monthly minute and variable rate per unit of service medical language interpretation services. Our Telehealth product line also records ancillary revenues from the rental of Martti devices and from the provision of information technology services that include connectivity and ongoing support of the Martti software platform. Generally, Telehealth s medical language interpretation and information technology services are invoiced monthly. Fixed monthly minute medical language interpretation subscription and information technology services fees are invoiced in advance in the period preceding the service. Variable rate per unit medical language interpretation and information technology services fees (including overage fees related to minutes used by the customer in excess of the fixed monthly minute subscription) are invoiced monthly in arrears. Martti device leases are invoiced monthly in advance in the period preceding the usage. Invoiced amounts are typically due within 30 days of the invoice date. For the period from March 26, 2021 through June 30, 2022, services revenues also included revenues from Glocal, which were generated primarily from operating hospitals and clinics, including pharmacy and medicine sales, and transaction fees per telemedicine consultation. 
 Products . Products revenues consist of the sale of Martti devices to its customers. Sale of Martti devices are generally invoiced at contract execution (50 and upon the delivery of the devices to the customer (50 ). Invoiced amounts are typically due within 30 days of the invoice date. For the period from March 26, 2021 through June 30, 2022, products revenues also included revenues from Glocal, which were generated primarily from the sale of HelloLyf CX digital dispensaries and the construction of HelloLyf HX digital hospitals. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues primarily consist of costs related to supporting and hosting Telehealth s product offerings and delivering services, and include the cost of maintaining Telehealth s data centers, customer support team, and Telehealth s professional services staff, in addition to third-party service provider costs such as data center and networking expenses, amortization of capitalized software development costs, the cost of purchased equipment inventory sold to customers, and an allocation of facilities, information technology, and depreciation costs. For the period from March 26, 2021 through June 30, 2022, cost of revenues also included cost of revenues from Glocal, which primarily consisted of costs of building and operating hospitals, including costs for the purchase of medicines, professional/doctor fees, the cost to build HelloLyf CX digital dispensaries and HelloLyf HX digital hospitals, and an allocation of information technology and depreciation costs. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses . S M expenses consist of compensation and benefits, costs related to advertising, marketing programs, and events, and an allocation of facilities, information technology, and depreciation costs. 
 General and Administrative Expenses . G A expenses consist of compensation and benefits expense, and other administrative costs, related to its executive, finance, human resources, legal, facilities, and information technology teams, net of allocations to cost of revenues and S M. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses . Depreciation expense relates to the depreciation of computer equipment, purchased software, furniture and fixtures, and office equipment, net of amounts allocated to cost of revenues. Amortization expense relates to the amortization of intangible assets from the acquisitions of Cloudbreak and Glocal. 
 
 Services Segment 
 Overview 
 
 59 

Table of Contents 

 Our Services segment provides behavioral health and pharmacy services in the United States, which are critically important to managing whole person care and its associated costs. Our comprehensive behavioral health capabilities are powered by UpHealth Behavioral TM and provide evidence-based and tech-enabled behavioral health and substance abuse services via onsite care delivery and telehealth. Our Services platform is working to deliver an increasing volume of services, including telehealth services, to existing customers, as well as clients belonging to the Integrated Care Management and Virtual Care Infrastructure platforms. 
 
 UpHealth Behavioral TM provides comprehensive patient-centered care, addressing the physical, mental, and social well-being of our clients. We engage people in the most appropriate care settings, including clinical sites, out-patient and virtual. UpHealth Behavioral TM delivers behavioral health services; helps patients and providers navigate and address complex, chronic behavioral health needs; offers post-acute care planning services; and serves consumers and care providers through advanced, on-demand digital health technologies, such as telehealth. UpHealth Behavioral TM works directly with consumers, care delivery systems, providers, payors, and public-sector entities to provide high quality, accessible and equitable care with improved health outcomes and reduced total cost of care. 
 
 UpHealth Behavioral TM sells its products primarily through its direct sales force, and strategic collaborations in two key areas: payors including health plans, third-party administrators; and public entities including the U.S. Departments of Veterans Affairs and other federal, state, and local health care agencies. 
 
 Our pharmacy business, Innovations Group, is powered by MedQuest Pharmacy, a full-service retail and compounding pharmacy licensed in all 50 U.S. states and the District of Columbia that dispenses prescribed medications shipped directly to patients. It is capable of serving as a retail or national fulfillment center. Other services and products are also available, such as lab and testing services, nutritional supplements, and education and training for medical practitioners. 
 
 On February 26, 2023, UpHealth Holdings agreed to sell 100 of the outstanding capital stock of Innovations Group. We expect the sale to close in the second quarter of 2023, subject to the completion of required regulatory filings. 
 
 Additionally, at the start of 2023, we made the decision to integrate BHS into our legacy TTC operations and wind down our provider practice in Missouri. As such, BHS results for 2022 are included in the Services results for this report. 
 Components of Results of Operations 
 Revenues 
 Services . Services revenues at UpHealth Behavioral TM are generated primarily through services provided to clients in both inpatient and outpatient treatment settings. UpHealth Behavioral TM bills third-party payors weekly for the services provided in the prior week. Client-related revenues, such as inpatient and outpatient programs, are generally recognized over time as the performance obligation is satisfied at the estimated net realizable value amount from clients, third-party payors, and others for services provided. UpHealth Behavioral TM receives the majority of payments from commercial payors at out-of-network rates. Client service revenues are recorded at established billing rates, less adjustments to estimate net realizable value. Provisions for estimated third party payor reimbursements are provided in the period related services are rendered and adjusted in future periods when actual reimbursements are received. A significant or sustained decrease in reimbursement rates could have a material adverse effect on operating results. 
 UpHealth Behavioral TM also provides diagnostic laboratory testing services for its clients, which are recognized over time as the performance obligation is satisfied at the estimated net realizable value amount from clients, third-party payors, and others for services provided. Diagnostic laboratory service revenues are recorded at established billing rates, less adjustments to estimate net realizable value. Provisions for estimated third party payor reimbursements are provided in the period related services are rendered and adjusted in future periods when actual reimbursements are received. 
 Services revenues at UpHealth Behavioral TM are also generated by providing psychiatric and mental health services and billing services. Although the underlying tasks will vary by service and by patient, medical professionals perform inquiries, obtain vital statistics, perform certain lab tests, administer therapy, and provide any additional goods and services as necessary depending on the information obtained. In addition, services revenues are generated from CME educational courses. 
 Products . Products revenues through our pharmacy business are generated primarily from the sale of prescription medications directly to patients, as well as through the sale of supplemental products to providers. The majority of the customer revenues are billed and collected before the medications and products are shipped from the facility. The pharmacy business generates 
 60 

Table of Contents 

 approximately 60 of its revenue from sales of compounded medications and approximately 40 of its revenue from sales of manufactured medications and supplements. 
 Products revenues are also generated by providing retail pharmacy services at UpHealth Behavioral TM . 
 Cost of Revenues 
 Cost of revenues at UpHealth Behavioral TM consist primarily of provider compensation expenses, the cost of pharmaceutical medications sold to patients, the cost of operating the facilities, professional/medical fees, and an allocation of facilities, information technology, and depreciation costs. Provider compensation expenses include consulting payments to healthcare providers, including medical doctors in psychiatry, psychologists, nurse practitioners, and clinical social workers. UpHealth Behavioral TM has adopted an incentive-based compensation plan with provider agreements that compensate the providers based upon a percentage of revenue generated and ultimately collected for services provided. UpHealth Behavioral TM primarily purchases pharmaceutical medications through a large industry distributor with many suppliers, but also purchases some directly from other suppliers. 
 Cost of revenues at the pharmacy business primarily consist of costs of raw ingredients and materials to compound various drugs and supplements, the cost of manufactured product purchased directly from the distributors for resale, the cost of fulfillment and shipping services and an allocation of facilities, information technology, and depreciation costs. The pharmacy business purchases these items through a large industry distributor with many suppliers and also sources products and supplies directly with manufacturers. The pharmacy business is also able to leverage the size of its operations to purchase larger quantities of certain ingredients and materials at lower prices. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing Expenses . S M expenses consist of cost related to compensation and benefits, advertising and marketing programs, events, fees paid to third party marketing firms, and an allocation of facilities, information technology, and depreciation cost. 
 General and Administrative Expenses . G A expenses include compensation and benefits expense, and other administrative costs, related to its executive, finance, human resources, legal, facilities, and information technology teams, net of allocations to cost of revenues and S M expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization Expenses . Depreciation expense relates to the depreciation of computer equipment, purchased software, furniture and fixtures, office equipment, and leasehold improvements, net of amounts allocated to cost of revenues. Amortization expense relates to the amortization of intangible assets from the acquisitions of TTC, BHS, and Innovations Group. 
 
 UPHEALTH, INC. RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Operating Results 
 As UpHealth Holdings effectively began operations on January 1, 2020 and operations from UpHealth s subsidiaries are included from their dates of acquisition, as described below, the numbers presented above are not directly comparable between periods. 
 As discussed in Note 1, Organization and Business , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, we deconsolidated Glocal during the three months ended September 30, 2022. Accordingly, the information set forth below includes the results of operations, of Glocal for the period from March 26, 2021 through June 30, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and for the year then ended, UpHealth s operating results consist of the results of operations for UpHealth and its subsidiaries Thrasys, BHS, TTC, Innovations Group, and Cloudbreak for the entire period, and the result of operations for Glocal for the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2021 and for the year then ended, UpHealth s operating results consist of (1) the results of operations for UpHealth Holdings, Thrasys, and BHS; (2) the results of operations for TTC, Glocal, and Innovations Group subsequent to the acquisition of those companies in 2021, as described above; and (3) the results of operations for UpHealth (fka GigCapital2) and Cloudbreak subsequent to June 9, 2021, as described above. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

 The following table sets forth the consolidated results of operations of UpHealth: 
 Consolidated results of operations data For the year ended December 31, in thousands) 2022 2021 Change Change Revenues: Services 110,953 70,223 40,730 58 Licenses and subscriptions 12,566 25,516 (12,950) (51) Products 35,284 28,056 7,228 26 Total revenues 158,803 123,795 35,008 28 Cost of revenues: Services 62,954 45,139 17,815 39 License and subscriptions 1,260 19,183 (17,923) (93) Products 24,434 19,659 4,775 24 Total cost of revenues 88,648 83,981 4,667 6 Gross profit 70,155 39,814 30,341 76 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 15,951 10,638 5,313 50 Research and development 7,888 7,644 244 3 General and administrative 48,755 52,285 (3,530) (7) Depreciation and amortization 16,140 13,044 3,096 24 Stock-based compensation 6,464 1,048 5,416 517 Lease abandonment expenses 75 915 (840) (92) Goodwill and intangible asset impairment 114,061 297,930 (183,869) (62) Acquisition, integration, and transformation costs 22,214 36,289 (14,075) (39) Total operating expenses 231,548 419,793 (188,245) (45) Loss from operations (161,393) (379,979) 218,586 (58) Other income (expense): Interest expense (26,500) (19,516) (6,984) 36 Gain on consolidation of equity investment 640 (640) (100) Loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary (37,708) (37,708) Gain on fair value of derivative liability 7,529 53,846 (46,317) (86) Gain on fair value of warrant liabilities 242 1,595 (1,353) (85) Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt (14,610) 151 (14,761) (9,775) Other income, net, including interest income 121 490 (369) (75) Total other income (expense) (70,926) 37,206 (108,132) (291) Net loss before income tax benefit (232,319) (342,773) 110,454 (32) Income tax benefit 9,384 2,437 6,947 285 Net loss before loss from equity investment (222,935) (340,336) 117,401 (34) Loss from equity investment (561) 561 (100) Net loss (222,935) (340,897) 117,962 (35) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 65 126 (61) (48) Net loss attributable to UpHealth, Inc. (223,000) (341,023) 118,023 (35) 
 The following table sets forth the consolidated results of operations of UpHealth as a percentage of total revenues: 
 62 

Table of Contents 

 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Services 70 57 Licenses and subscriptions 8 21 Products 22 23 Total revenues 100 100 Cost of revenues: Services 40 36 License and subscriptions 1 15 Products 15 16 Total cost of revenues 56 68 Gross profit 44 32 Operating expenses: Sales and marketing 10 9 Research and development 5 6 General and administrative 31 42 Depreciation and amortization 10 11 Stock-based compensation 4 1 Lease abandonment expenses 1 Goodwill and intangible asset impairment 72 241 Acquisition, integration, and transformation costs 14 29 Total operating expenses 146 339 Loss from operations (102) (307) Other income (expense): Interest expense (17) (16) Gain on consolidation of equity investment 1 Loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary (24) Gain on fair value of derivative liability 5 43 Gain on fair value of warrant liabilities 1 Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt (9) Other income, net, including interest income Total other income (expense) (45) 30 Net loss before income tax benefit (146) (277) Income tax benefit 6 2 Net loss before loss from equity investment (140) (275) Loss from equity investment Net loss (140) (275) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to UpHealth, Inc. (140) (275) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Revenues 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, revenues were 158.8 million, representing an increase of 35.0 million, or 28 , compared to 123.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Services revenues increased 40.7 million, primarily due to an increase in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment of 32.2 million and in the Services segment of 9.5 million, partially offset by a 0.9 million decrease in the Integrated Care Management segment. The increase in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment was attributed to a full year of operations at Cloudbreak, which was acquired on June 9, 2021, and increased revenues from both new clients and existing customers, partially offset by no revenues being recognized for Glocal during the second half of 2022 as a result of its deconsolidation in July 2022. The increase in the Services segment was attributed to a full year of operations at TTC and Innovations Group, which were acquired in the first half of 2021, and increased revenues from a new payor. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

 License and subscriptions revenues decreased 13.0 million, primarily due to the loss of a contract with a European customer in the Integrated Care Management segment, partially offset by growth in revenues from existing customers in the segment. 
 Products revenues increased 7.2 million due to an increase in the Services segment of 11.0 million, partially offset by a decrease in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment of 3.8 million. The increase in the Services segment was attributed to a full year of operations for TTC and Innovations Group, which were acquired in the first half of 2021, and an increase in the volume and sales price of prescriptions. The decrease in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment was attributed to no revenues being recognized for Glocal during the second half of 2022 as a result of its deconsolidation in July 2022. 
 We expect revenues to decrease in the year ending December 31, 2023, primarily as a result of a decrease in revenues in our Services segment due to a partial year of revenues to be recognized at Innovations Group as a result of its pending sale in the second quarter of 2023, partially offset by increased revenues at the other business units. We also expect a decline in revenues in our Integrated Care Management segment in the year ending December 31, 2023. We expect these decreases will be partially offset by increased revenues in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment as we invest in advertising and marketing, add new customers, and continue to integrated and develop our technology platforms across each of our segments, partially offset by no revenues being recognized for Glocal in the year ending December 31, 2023 as a result of its deconsolidation in July 2022. 
 Cost of Revenues 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of revenues was 88.6 million, representing an increase of 4.7 million, or 6 , compared to 84.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Services cost of revenues increased 17.8 million, primarily due to increases in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment of 14.2 million, the Services segment of 2.9 million, and the Integrated Care Management segment of 0.6 million. The increase in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment was attributed to a full year of operations at Cloudbreak, which was acquired on June 9, 2021, and increased cost of revenues from both new clients and existing customers, partially offset by no cost of revenues being recognized for Glocal during the second half of 2022 as a result of its deconsolidation in July 2022. The increase in the Services segment was attributed to a full year of operations for TTC and Innovations Group, which were acquired in the first half of 2021, and increased cost of revenues from a new payor. 
 License and subscriptions cost of revenues decreased 17.9 million, primarily due to the loss of a contract with a European customer in the Integrated Care Management segment, which resulted in no associated cost of revenues being recorded in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Products cost of revenues increased 4.8 million due to an increase in the Services segment of 7.8 million, partially offset by a decrease in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment of 3.0 million. The increase in the Services segment was attributed to a full year of operations for TTC and Innovations Group, which were acquired in the first half of 2021, and an increase in the volume and sales price of prescriptions. The decrease in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment was attributed to no cost of revenues being recognized for Glocal during the second half of 2022 as a result of its deconsolidation in July 2022. 
 We expect cost of revenues to decrease in the year ending December 31, 2023, commensurate with the decrease in revenues. Cost of revenues from our Services segment is expected to decrease due to a partial year of cost of revenues to be recognized at Innovations Group as a result of its pending sale in the second quarter of 2023, partially offset by increased cost of revenues at the other business units. We also expect a decline in costs of revenues in our Integrated Care Management segment, commensurate with the expected decline in revenues. We expect these decreases will be partially offset by increased cost of revenues in the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment commensurate with the expected increase in revenues in the segment, partially offset by no cost of revenues being recognized for Glocal in the year ending December 31, 2023 as a result of its deconsolidation in July 2022. Our cost of revenues may fluctuate as a percentage of our total revenue (gross margin from period to period due to the changes in the percentage of revenue contributed by each of our segments. 
 Operating Expenses 
 Sales and Marketing . In the year ended December 31, 2022, S M expenses were 16.0 million, representing an increase of 5.3 million, or 50 , compared to 10.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in compensation, benefits and contractor expenses of 5.0 million. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

 We expect S M expenses to increase in the year ending December 31, 2023 as we invest in advertising and marketing. Our S M expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of our total revenues from period to period due to the timing and extent we promote our brands through a variety of marketing and public relations activities. 
 Research and Development. In the year ended December 31, 2022, R D expenses were 7.9 million, representing a increase of 0.2 million, or 3 , compared to 7.6 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to an increase in compensation, benefits and contractor expenses of 1.9 million, partially offset by an increase in capitalized software development costs of 1.7 million. 
 We expect our R D expenses to decrease in the year ending December 31, 2023, as we decrease R D efforts in certain segments, while also increasing our capitalization of software development costs. Our R D expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of our total revenues from period to period due to the timing and extent of our technology and development expenses, including the ability to capitalize software development costs. 
 General and Administrative . In the year ended December 31, 2022, G A expenses were 48.8 million, representing a decrease of 3.5 million, or 7 , compared to 52.3 million in the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily due to a decrease in bad debt expense of 17.8 million, partially offset by an increase in professional fees, including legal, of 7.7 million, an increase in compensation, benefits, and contractor expenses of 4.6 million and an increase in insurance expense of 2.0 million. 
 We expect G A expenses to decrease in the year ending December 31, 2023 primarily as a result of a decrease in legal and other professional fees. Our G A expenses may fluctuate as a percentage of our total revenues from period to period due to the timing and extent of our G A expenses. 
 Depreciation and Amortization . In the year ended December 31, 2022, depreciation and amortization expenses were 16.1 million, primarily consisting of 14.0 million of amortization of intangible assets and 2.1 million of depreciation related to property and equipment, net of allocations to cost of revenues. In the year ended December 31, 2021, depreciation and amortization expenses were 13.0 million, primarily consisting of 12.4 million of amortization of intangible assets and 0.6 million of depreciation related to property and equipment, net of allocations to cost of revenues. The increase in depreciation and amortization expenses in 2022 was largely due to a full year of operations and amortization of intangible assets for TTC, Glocal, Innovations Group, and Cloudbreak, which were acquired in the first half of 2021, partially offset by the deconsolidation of Glocal in July 2022. 
 We expect depreciation and amortization expenses to increase in the year ending December 31, 2023, primarily due to an increase in amortization of capitalized software development costs and an increase in depreciation from purchases of property and equipment. 
 Stock-Based Compensation . In the year ended December 31, 2022, stock-based compensation expenses were 6.5 million, representing an increase of 5.4 million, or 517 , compared to 1.0 million in the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in stock-based compensation expenses resulted from a full year of expense associated with RSUs granted and options assumed in the year ended December 31, 2021, as well as RSU grants made in the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 We expect stock-based compensation expenses to increase in the year ending December 31, 2023 as we continue to make grants under our equity incentive plan to new and existing employees. 
 Lease Abandonment Expenses . In the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded lease abandonment accruals in the amount of 0.1 million and 0.9 million, respectively, related to office spaces we vacated during the periods. 
 Goodwill and Intangible Asset Impairment . In the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a 114.1 million goodwill and intangible asset impairment charge, which included a 5.5 million measurement period adjustment at Glocal that was immediately impaired and a 0.7 million trade name intangible asset impairment at TTC in the three months ended March 31, 2022, an 89.1 million goodwill impairment charge and a 16.9 million intangible asset impairment charge resulting from impairment tests performed in the three months ended September 30, 2022, and a 1.8 million charge on the remeasurement of the disposal group held for sale in the three months ended December 31, 2022 in connection with the pending sale of Innovations Group. In the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a goodwill impairment of 297.9 million. 
 Acquisition, Integration, and Transformation Costs . In the year ended December 31, 2022, acquisition, integration and transformation costs were 22.2 million, primarily related to legal and litigation expenses associated with the acquisitions made in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, as well as costs related to our integration and transformation of the businesses 
 65 

Table of Contents 

 acquired, including management consulting fees and severance. In the year ended December 31, 2021, acquisition, integration and transformation costs were 36.3 million, primarily consisting of transaction expenses and success fees related to the acquisitions made in the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, legal and litigation expenses associated with the acquisitions, as well as costs related to our integration and transformation of the businesses acquired, including management consulting fees and severance. 
 We expect acquisition, integration and transformation costs expenses to decrease in the year ending December 31, 2023 as we complete our integration and transformation efforts. 
 Other Income (Expense) 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, other expense was 70.9 million, primarily consisting of a 37.7 million loss on the deconsolidation of Glocal, 26.5 million of interest expense, and a 14.6 million loss on extinguishment of debt, partially offset by a 7.5 million gain on fair value of derivative liability, a 0.2 million gain on fair value of warrant liabilities, and 0.1 million of other income, net, including interest income. In the year ended December 31, 2021, other income was 37.2 million, primarily consisting of a 53.8 million gain on fair value of derivative liability, a 1.6 million gain on fair value of warrant liabilities, a 0.6 million gain on consolidation of equity investment, 0.5 million of other income, net, including interest income, and a 0.2 million gain on extinguishment of debt, partially offset by 19.5 million of interest expense. 
 We expect other expense to decrease in the year ending December 31, 2023 due to the one-time losses recorded in the year ending December 31, 2022, partially offset by an increase in interest expense for the 2025 Notes. 
 Income Tax Expense (Benefit) 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, the income tax benefit was 9.4 million, primarily due to nondeductible acquisition, integration, and transformation costs and nondeductible goodwill impairment, partially offset by a 51.7 million valuation allowance we placed on certain deferred tax assets. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the income tax benefit was 2.4 million, primarily due to nondeductible acquisition, integration, and transformation costs and nondeductible goodwill impairment. 
 Income tax expense (benefit) reflects management s best assessment of estimated current and future taxes to be paid. The objectives for accounting for income taxes, as prescribed by the relevant accounting guidance, are to recognize the amount of taxes payable or refundable for the current year and deferred tax assets and liabilities for future tax consequences of events that have been recognized in the financial statements. We expect minimal income tax expense (benefit) in the year ended December 31, 2023 since any resulting deferred tax assets will be offset with a corresponding valuation allowance. 
 Segment Information 
 We evaluate performance based on several factors, of which revenues and gross margin by operating segment are the primary financial measures. 
 Revenues 
 Our business is organized into three operating business segments and one non-operating business segment: 
 Integrated Care Management through our Thrasys subsidiary; 
 Virtual Care Infrastructure through our Cloudbreak and Glocal (other than for the six month period of July 1, 2022 through December 31, 2022) subsidiaries; 
 Services through our Innovations Group, BHS and TTC subsidiaries; and 
 Corporate through UpHealth and our UpHealth Holdings subsidiary. 
 The reportable segments are consistent with how management views our services and products and the financial information reviewed by the chief operating decision makers. We manage our businesses as components of an enterprise for which separate information is available and is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision makers in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. 
 In the Integrated Care Management segment, we provide our customers with an advanced, comprehensive, and extensible technology platform, marketed under the umbrella SyntraNet TM , to manage health, quality of care, and costs, especially for individuals with complex medical, behavioral health, and social needs. 
 66 

Table of Contents 

 In the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment, we provide technology and process-based healthcare platforms providing our customers comprehensive primary care, specialty consultations, and translation services, through telemedicine, digital dispensaries, and technology-based hospital centers. 
 In the Services segment, we provide custom compounded medications for the unique needs of patients and prescribers. We are a full-service pharmacy filling prescriptions from our inventory of compounded medications, as well as drugs purchased from manufacturers. Additionally, we provide inpatient and outpatient substance abuse and mental health treatment services for individuals with drug and alcohol addiction and other behavioral health issues. We offer a complete continuum of care from detoxification services, residential care, partial hospitalization programs, and intensive outpatient and outpatient programs. 
 In the Corporate segment, we perform executive, administrative, finance, human resources, legal, and information technology services for UpHealth, Inc. and for its subsidiaries, managed in a corporate shared services environment. Since they are not the responsibility of segment operating management, they are not allocated to the operating segments and instead reported within Corporate. 
 Revenues by segment consisted of the following: 
 For the year ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Integrated Care Management 18,010 31,886 Virtual Care Infrastructure 64,997 36,569 Services 75,796 55,340 Total revenues 158,803 123,795 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Revenues from the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment increased 28.4 million, consisting of a 32.2 million increase in services revenues, partially offset by a 3.8 million decrease in products revenues. The increase in services revenue was due to a full year of operations at Cloudbreak, which was acquired on June 9, 2021, and increased revenues from both new clients and existing customers, partially offset by no revenues being recognized for Glocal during the second half of 2022 as a result of its deconsolidation in July 2022. The decrease in products revenues was due to no revenues being recognized for Glocal during the second half of 2022 as a result of its deconsolidation. Revenues from the Services segment increased 20.5 million, consisting of a 9.5 million increase in services revenues and a 11.0 million increase in products revenues. The increase in services revenues was due to a full year of operations at TTC and Innovations Group, which were acquired in the first half of 2021, and increased revenues from a new payor. The increase in products revenues was due to a full year of operations at TTC and Innovations Group, and an increase in the volume and sales price of prescriptions. Revenues from the Integrated Care Management segment decreased 13.9 million, primarily as a result of a 13.0 million decrease in licenses and subscriptions revenues due to the loss of a contract with a European customer, partially offset by growth in revenues from existing customers. 
 Gross margin by segment consisted of the following: 
 
 For the year ended December 31, In thousands 2022 2021 Integrated Care Management 13,687 10,316 Virtual Care Infrastructure 29,882 12,633 Services 26,586 16,865 Total gross margin 70,155 39,814 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Gross margin from the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment increased 17.2 million, primarily consisting of a 18.0 million increase in services gross margin, partially offset by a 0.7 million decrease in products gross margin. The increase in services gross margin was due to a full year of operations at Cloudbreak, which was acquired on June 9, 2021, and increased revenues from both new clients and existing customers, partially offset by no revenues being recognized for Glocal during the second half of 2022 as a result of its deconsolidation in July 2022. The decrease in products revenues was due to no revenues being recognized for Glocal during the second half of 2022 as a result of its deconsolidation. Gross margin from the Services segment increased 9.7 million, consisting of a 6.5 million increase in services gross margin and a 3.2 million increase in products gross margin. The increase in services gross margin was due to a full year of operations 
 67 

Table of Contents 

 at TTC and Innovations Group, which were acquired in the first half of 2021, and increased revenues from a new payor. The increase in products gross margin was due to a full year of operations at TTC and Innovations Group, and an increase in the volume and sales price of prescriptions. Gross margin from the Integrated Care Management segment increased 3.4 million, primarily as a result of a 4.9 million increase in licenses and subscriptions gross margin due to a reduction in cost of revenues from the loss of a contract with a European customer, partially offset by a 1.6 million increase in services cost of revenues. 
 
 Total assets by segment consisted of the following: 
 
 In thousands December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Integrated Care Management 44,776 156,106 Virtual Care Infrastructure 140,776 217,668 Services 124,980 127,114 Corporate 29,272 68,419 Total assets 339,804 569,307 

LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL RESOURCES 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, UpHealth, Inc. had free cash on hand of 15.6 million and 58.2 million, respectively. Restricted cash consisted of zero as of December 31, 2022 and 18.6 million as of December 31, 2021, of which 18.1 million represented funds held in an escrow account, as agreed in our Forward Share Purchase Agreement (see Note 12, Capital Structure , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information) and 0.5 million represented funds held at our Glocal business. 
 We believe our current cash, expected cash collections, and funds received from the private placement that closed on March 13, 2023 (see Note 12, Capital Structure , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for further information) will be sufficient to fund our operations for at least twelve months after the filing date of this Annual Report. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following tables summarize cash flows for the periods indicated: 
 Year Ended December 31, (In thousands) 2022 2021 Net cash used in operating activities (22,442) (62,817) Net cash provided by investing activities (15,593) 743 Net cash provided by financing activities (22,749) 135,871 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (460) 635 Net increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash (61,244) 74,432 
 As operations from UpHealth s subsidiaries are included from their dates of acquisition, as described above, the numbers presented above are not directly comparable between periods. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 22.4 million, primarily attributed to net loss of 222.9 million. partially offset by 197.6 million of non-cash items (impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill, depreciation and amortization, stock-based compensation, loss on extinguishment of debt, amortization of debt issuance costs and discount on convertible debt, loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary, and operating lease asset/liabilities, partially offset by a gain on fair value of derivatives, gain on fair value of warrants and deferred tax adjustments) and the changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions, of 2.9 million. The changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions, was primarily due to an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 13.1 million due to delayed payments to vendors and an increase in deferred revenue of 1.0 million, partially offset by an increase in accounts receivable of 5.8 million resulting from increased revenues in our Virtual Infrastructure segment. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 62.8 million, primarily attributed to net loss of 340.9 million and the changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions, of 7.9 million, partially offset 
 68 

Table of Contents 

 by 285.9 million of non-cash items (impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill, depreciation and amortization, provision for bad debt expense, and amortization of debt issuance costs and discount on convertible debt, partially offset by a gain on fair value of derivatives, gain on fair value of warrants, gain on extinguishment of debt, gain on consolidation of equity method investment and deferred tax adjustments). The changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions, was primarily due to an increase in accounts receivable of 26.7 million due to billed and unbilled receivables primarily from one customer during the year that were not collected as of December 31, 2021, partially offset by an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 23.0 million due to delayed payments to vendors. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in investing activities was 15.6 million, primarily consisting of the deconsolidated Glocal cash of 8.7 million and purchases of property and equipment of 6.8 million, which included 3.9 million of capitalized software development costs. In the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by investing activities was 0.7 million, primarily consisting of purchases of property and equipment partially offset by net cash acquired in acquisition of businesses. 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in financing activities was 22.7 million, primarily consisting of repayments of debt of 48.2 million, repayments of the seller notes of 18.7 million, repayment of the forward share purchase agreement of 18.5 million, payments of finance and capital lease obligations of 3.1 million, and payments of debt issuance costs of 1.5 million, partially offset by proceeds from convertible debt of 67.5 million. In the year ended December 31, 2021, cash provided by financing activities was 135.9 million primarily consisting of proceeds from convertible debt of 164.5 million, proceeds from the merger and recapitalization transaction of 83.9 million and net proceeds from an equity raise of 43.0 million, partially offset by repayments of the seller notes of 99.2 million and repayments of debt of 42.6 million. 
 Long-Term Debt 
 See Note 10, Debt , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report for our long-term debt. 
 Contractual Obligations and Commitments 
 See Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report for information about our operating lease obligations and our non-cancellable contractual service and licensing obligations. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 As of December 31, 2022, we have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any additional special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 See Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements of this Annual Report for the recently issued accounting standards that could have an effect on us. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. These estimates and assumptions are based on current facts, historical experience, and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances to determine reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses that are not readily apparent from other sources. To the extent there are material differences between our estimates and the actual results, our future consolidated results of comprehensive income (loss) may be affected. 
 Among our significant accounting policies, which are described in Note 2, Summary of Significant Accounting Policies , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, the following accounting policies and specific estimates involve a greater degree of judgments and complexity: 
 Business combinations; 
 Identification and reporting of variable interest entities VIEs 
 Accounting for equity investments; 
 69 

Table of Contents 

 Goodwill and intangible assets; 
 Revenue recognition; and 
 Income taxes. 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, we added the identification and reporting of VIEs to our critical accounting policies and estimates. 
 Business Combinations 
 We account for our business combinations using the acquisition method of accounting. The purchase price is attributed to the fair value of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed. Acquisition-related transaction costs incurred by us are not included as a component of consideration transferred but are accounted for as an operating expense in the period in which the costs are incurred. Identifiable assets and liabilities acquired or assumed are measured separately at their fair values as of the acquisition date. The excess of the purchase price of acquisition over the fair value of the identifiable net assets of the acquiree is recorded as goodwill. The results of businesses acquired in a business combination are included in our consolidated financial statements from the date of acquisition. When we issue stock-based or cash awards to an acquired company s shareholders, we evaluate whether the awards are consideration or compensation for post-acquisition services. The evaluation includes, among other things, whether the vesting of the awards is contingent on the continued employment of the acquired company s stockholders beyond the acquisition date. If continued employment is required for vesting, the awards are treated as compensation for post-acquisition services and recognized as expense over the requisite service period. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management to use significant judgment and estimates, including the selection of valuation methodologies, estimates of future revenues and cash flows, discount rates, and selection of comparable companies. The estimates and assumptions used to determine the fair values and useful lives of identified intangible assets could change due to numerous factors, including market conditions, technological developments, economic conditions, and competition. In connection with determination of fair values, we may engage a third-party valuation specialist to assist with the valuation of intangible and certain tangible assets acquired and certain assumed obligations. 
 Identification and Reporting of Variable Interest Entities VIE 
 When analyzing whether an entity is a VIE, we assess if (1) the equity is sufficient to finance the entity s activities without additional subordinated financial support, (2) the equity holders have the right to make significant decisions affecting the entity s operations, and (3) the holders of the voting rights substantively participate in the gains and losses of the entity. When one of these criteria is not met, the entity is considered a VIE and is assessed for consolidation. 
 
 The party that has a controlling financial interest is called a primary beneficiary and consolidates the VIE. The party is deemed to have a controlling financial interest if it has both: 
 
 The power to direct the activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance; and 
 The obligation to absorb the entity s losses that could potentially be significant to the VIE or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE. 
 
 We assess whether we have a controlling financial interest in an entity and, thus, are the primary beneficiary. We identify the activities that most significantly impact the entity s performance and determine whether we have the power to direct those activities. In conducting the analysis, we consider the purpose, the design, and the risks that the entity was designed to create and pass through to its variable interest holders. Additionally, we assess if we have the obligation to absorb losses or if we have the right to receive benefits of the VIE that could potentially be significant to the entity. If both criteria are met, we have a controlling financial interest in the VIE and consolidate the entity. We monitor changes to the facts and circumstances of the existing involvement with legal entity to determine whether it requires reconsideration of the entity s designation as a VIE or voting interest entity. For VIEs, we regularly reassess the primary beneficiary determination. 
 
 As a result of events which occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2022, as discussed under the heading Dispute and Litigation Regarding Control of Glocal Board of Directors in Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of Part I of this Annual Report, we determined that a reconsideration event occurred in July 2022, which required us to reassess whether Glocal was a VIE and whether we continued to have a controlling financial interest in Glocal. Based on this assessment, we concluded that Glocal was a VIE, and furthermore, that we no longer have the ability to direct any activities of Glocal and no longer have a controlling financial interest. As a result, effective July 2022, we deconsolidated Glocal and recorded a 37.7 million loss on deconsolidation of equity investment in our consolidated statements of operations, measured as the difference between the 
 70 

Table of Contents 

 probability-weighted fair value of Glocal of 21.2 million and the carrying amount of Glocal s assets and liabilities as of June 30, 2022. The probability-weighted fair value of Glocal is included in equity investment in our consolidated balance sheets. Further, we assessed the prospective accounting for our equity investment in Glocal. Since we no longer had the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of Glocal, we concluded the investment should be accounted for utilizing the ASC 621 measurement alternative, whereby the investment was measured at cost and will continue to be evaluated for any indicators of impairment. In addition, we derecognized 14.3 million of noncontrolling interests related to Glocal. If through the legal processes discussed under the heading Dispute and Litigation Regarding Control of Glocal Board of Directors in Item 3, Legal Proceedings , of Part I of this Annual Report, we are able to obtain the ability to direct the activities of Glocal, and it is our intent to exercise all legal rights and remedies to achieve such a result, then we will further reassess the appropriate accounting treatment of our investment in Glocal. 
 
 The financial results of Glocal as of December 31, 2021, the period from March 26, 2021 to December 31, 2021, and the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 are included in our consolidated financial statements, and the financial results of Glocal as of December 31, 2022 and for the six months then ended are not included in our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Aside from the Glocal deconsolidation, there have been no changes to our critical accounting policies and estimates described in our Annual Report that have had a significant impact on our consolidated financial statements and related notes. 
 Accounting for Equity Investments 
 As of December 31, 2020, and for the period January 1, 2021 through March 26, 2021, we held an interest in the privately-held equity securities of Glocal in which we did not have a controlling interest, but were able to exercise significant influence. Based on the terms of these privately-held securities, we determined that we exercised significant influence on Glocal, applied the equity method of accounting for our investment in Glocal, and presented our investment in Glocal in equity method investments in the consolidated balance sheets. Any and all gains and losses on privately-held equity securities, realized and unrealized, were recorded in other income (expense) in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. Income recognized in our equity method investments was reduced by the expected amortization from intangible assets recognized through the fair value step-up, until we acquired a controlling financial interest and consolidated Glocal. 
 As discussed in Deconsolidation of Equity Investment in Note 1, Organization and Business , as of December 31, 2022, and for the July 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 period, we held an interest in the privately-held equity securities of Glocal in which we did not have a controlling interest and were unable to exercise significant influence. Based on the terms of these privately-held securities, we concluded the investment should be accounted for utilizing the ASC 321 measurement alternative, whereby the investment was measured at cost and will continue to be evaluated for any indicators of impairment. 
 Valuations of privately-held securities in which we do not have a controlling financial interest are inherently complex due to the lack of readily available market data and requires the use of judgment. The carrying value is not adjusted for our privately-held equity securities if there are no observable price changes in a similar security from the same issuer or if there are no identified events or changes in circumstances that may indicate impairment. Our impairment analysis encompasses an assessment of both qualitative and quantitative factors, including the investee s financial metrics, market acceptance of the investee s product or technology, and the rate at which the investee is using its cash. If the investment is considered impaired, we recognize an impairment in the consolidated statements of operations and establish a new carrying value for the investment. 
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 Goodwill 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our balance of goodwill was 159.7 million and 284.3 million, respectively. Goodwill represents the excess of the total purchase consideration over the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination. Goodwill is not amortized but is tested for impairment at the reporting unit level annually on October 1 or more frequently if events or changes in circumstances indicate that it is more likely than not to be impaired. These events include: (i) severe adverse industry or economic trends; (ii) significant company-specific actions, including exiting an activity in conjunction with restructuring of operations; (iii) current, historical or projected deterioration of our financial performance; or (iv) a sustained decrease in our market capitalization, as indicated by the Company s publicly quoted share price, below our net book value. We currently operate as six reporting units under the guidance in ASC 350, Intangibles- Goodwill and Other . When testing goodwill for impairment, we have the option of first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether it is more likely than not that the fair value of our reporting unit is less than its carrying amount. If we elect to bypass the qualitative assessment, or if a qualitative assessment indicates it is more likely than not that carrying value exceeds its fair value, we perform a quantitative goodwill impairment test. Under the quantitative goodwill impairment test, if 
 71 

Table of Contents 

 our reporting unit s carrying amount exceeds its fair value, we will record an impairment charge based on that difference. To determine reporting unit fair value as part of the quantitative test, we use a weighting of fair values derived from the income approach and the market approach. Under the income approach, we project our future cash flows and discount these cash flows to reflect their relative risk. The cash flows used are consistent with those the Company uses in its internal planning, which reflects actual business trends experienced and our long-term business strategy. As such, key estimates and factors used in this method include, but are not limited to, revenues, margin, and operating expense growth rates, as well as a discount rate, and a terminal growth rate. Under the market approach, we use the guideline company method to develop valuation multiples and compare our reporting unit to similar publicly traded companies. In order to further validate the reasonableness of fair value as determined by the income and market approaches described above, a reconciliation to market capitalization is then performed by estimating a reasonable control premium and other market factors. Future changes in the judgments, assumptions and estimates that are used in the impairment testing for goodwill could result in significantly different estimates of fair value. 
 We performed a goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2021, which included both qualitative and quantitative assessments. Our assessment included a comparison of carrying value to an estimated fair value using a market approach based on our market capitalization. Based on this assessment, we concluded the fair value of all three segments was below the carrying value primarily due to the recent change in our market valuation and financial performance and recorded a goodwill impairment in the amount of 297.9 million. 
 In the three months ended March 31, 2022, as a result of measurement period adjustments, we increased goodwill in the amount of 5.5 million, which was immediately impaired. 
 As a result of indicators of impairment identified during the three months ended September 30, 2022, we performed a goodwill impairment assessment as of September 30, 2022, which included both qualitative and quantitative assessments. Our assessment included a comparison of the carrying value to an estimated fair value using a market approach based on our market capitalization. Based on this assessment, we concluded the fair value of two segments were below the carrying value primarily due to the recent change in our market valuation and financial performance and recorded a goodwill impairment in the amount of 89.1 million. 
 As a result of the pending sale of Innovations Group, and as discussed in Note 4, Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements, 35.4 million of goodwill is included in assets held for sale, noncurrent, in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Intangible Assets 
 Intangible assets include trade names, technology and intellectual property, and customer relationships resulting from business acquisitions. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the aggregate balance of these assets was 31.4 million and 115.3 million, respectively. We amortize these definite-lived intangible assets over their estimated useful lives. We also review the useful lives on a periodic basis to determine if the period of economic benefit has changed. Potential changes in useful lives, whether due to strategic decisions involving our brands, competitive forces, or other factors could result in additional amortization expense taking effect prospectively in the period of the change and could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements. The estimated useful lives of trade names are 3-10 years, the estimated useful life of technology and intellectual property is 5-7 years, and the estimated useful life of customer relationships is 10 years. Definite-lived intangible assets are re-evaluated whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that their estimated useful lives may require revision and/or the carrying value of the related asset group may not be recoverable by its projected undiscounted cash flows. If the carrying value of the asset group is determined to be unrecoverable, an impairment charge would be recognized in an amount equal to the amount by which the carrying value of the asset group exceeds its fair value. 
 Impairment charges of 17.6 million were recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 related to our Thrasys, BHS and TTC business units. As discussed in Note 4, Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale , in the Notes to Consolidated Financial 
 72 

Table of Contents 

 Statements, 23.1 million of intangible assets are included in assets held for sale, noncurrent, in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 There were no events or changes in circumstances which indicated that the carrying value of the definite-lived intangible assets would not be recoverable during the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 We recognize revenue in accordance with ASC guidance on revenue from contracts with customers. Revenue is reported at the amount that reflects the consideration to which we expect to be entitled in exchange for providing goods and services. 
 We record a contract asset when revenue recognized on a contract exceeds the billings. Subscriptions and SaaS internet hosting are generally invoiced monthly, quarterly, or in installments. Services are generally invoiced upon providing services as the performance obligations are deemed complete. Contract assets are included in accounts receivable in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 We record deferred revenue when billed amounts have been invoiced and received in advance of revenue recognition. It is recognized as revenue when transfer of control to customers has occurred or services have been provided. The deferred revenue balance does not represent the remaining contract value of multi-year, non-cancelable subscription agreements. The deferred revenue balance is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the compounding effects of renewals, invoice duration, invoice timing, dollar size, and new business linearity within the period. 
 From time to time, we may enter into contracts that contain multiple performance obligations, particularly with our SaaS internet hosting, licenses, subscriptions, and services, and our construction of clinics and sales of digital dispensaries. Judgement is required to identify the distinct performance obligations in the contract, allocate the transaction price to each performance obligation based on relative standalone selling prices or estimates of such prices, and determine when to recognize revenue once control of each individual product or service is transferred to the customer, in satisfaction of the corresponding performance obligations. 
 Construction of clinics are typically billed based on milestones and sales of digital dispensaries are typically billed upon contract signing and delivery of the digital dispensaries. Revenue for both is typically recognized over time based on the percentage of costs incurred to date relative to the estimated total costs for the contract, as this method best depicts how control of the product is being transferred. The recognition of revenue is influenced by several factors, such as our estimation of our costs to complete a contract and the timing of our delivery of the product. 
 The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations represents contracted revenue that has not yet been recognized, which includes unbilled receivables and deferred revenue that will be recognized as revenue in future periods. The transaction price allocated to the remaining performance obligations is influenced by several factors, including seasonality, the timing of renewals, the timing of delivery of software licenses, average contract terms, and foreign currency exchange rates. Unbilled portions of the remaining performance obligations are subject to future economic risks including bankruptcies, regulatory changes, and other market factors. 
 Income Taxes 
 We account for income taxes using the liability method. Deferred income taxes are determined based on the differences between the financial reporting and tax bases of assets and liabilities, using enacted statutory tax rates in effect for the year in which the differences are expected to reverse. 
 Since tax laws and financial accounting standards differ in their recognition and measurement of assets, liabilities, equity, revenues, expenses, gains and losses, differences arise between the amount of taxable income and pretax financial income for a year and between the tax bases of assets or liabilities and their reported amounts in our financial statements. Because we assume that the reported amounts of assets and liabilities will be recovered and settled, respectively, a difference between the tax basis of an asset or a liability and its reported amount in the balance sheet will result in a taxable or a deductible amount in some future years when the related liabilities are settled or the reported amounts of the assets are recovered, which gives rise to a deferred tax asset or liability. We must then assess the likelihood that our deferred tax assets will be recovered from future taxable income and to the extent we believe that recovery does not meet the more likely than not criteria, we must establish a valuation allowance. Management judgment is required in determining any valuation allowance recorded against our deferred tax assets. 
 73 

Table of Contents 

 As part of the process of preparing our consolidated financial statements, we are required to estimate our income taxes. This process involves estimating our actual current tax expense together with assessing temporary differences that may result in deferred tax assets or liabilities. 
 Assessing the realizability of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon several factors, including the likelihood and amount, if any, of future taxable income in relevant jurisdictions during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. We forecast taxable income by considering all available positive and negative evidence, including our history of operating income and losses and our financial plans and estimates that we use to manage the business. These assumptions require significant judgment about future taxable income. As a result, the amount of deferred tax assets considered realizable is subject to adjustment in future periods if estimates of future taxable income change. 
 Future changes in various factors, such as the amount of stock-based compensation we record during the period and the related tax benefit we realize upon the exercise of employee stock options and vesting of restricted stock units; potential limitations on the use of our federal and state net operating loss credit carry forwards; pending or future tax law changes including rate changes and the tax benefit from or limitations on our ability to utilize research and development credits; the amount of non-deductible acquisition, integration, and transformation costs; and changes in our valuation allowance and state and foreign taxes, would impact our estimates, and as a result, could affect our effective tax rate and the amount of income tax expense we record, and pay, in future periods. 
 
 Item 7A. Qualitative and Quantitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Not required. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 UpHealth, Inc. 
 Financial Statements as of and for the periods ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 Index to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 F- 3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheet s as of December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 4 
 Consolidated Statement s of Operations for the Year s Ended December 31, 202 2 and 202 1 
 F- 5 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 F- 6 
 Consolidated Statement s of Stockholders Equity for the Year s Ended December 31, 202 2 and 2021 
 F- 7 
 Consolidated Statement s of Cash Flows for the Year s Ended December 31, 202 2 and 2021 
 F- 8 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 F- 10 
 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 

 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 
 UpHealth, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of UpHealth, Inc. (a Delaware Corporation) and its subsidiaries (collectively, the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive loss, stockholders equity, and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financing reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the consolidated financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2022. 

March 31, 2023 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Stockholders and Board of Directors 
 UpHealth, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheet of UpHealth, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2021; the related statement of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the year then ended; and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 The Company's management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 
 We served as the Company s auditor from 2021 to 2022. 

April 18, 2022 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

 UPHEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Inventories Due from related parties Prepaid expenses and other current assets Assets held for sale, current Total current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Equity investment Other assets Assets held for sale, noncurrent Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Due to related party Income tax payable Related-party debt, current Debt, current Forward share purchase liability Lease liabilities, current Other liabilities, current Liabilities held for sale, current Total current liabilities Related-party debt, noncurrent Debt, noncurrent Deferred tax liabilities Warrant liabilities, noncurrent Derivative liability, noncurrent Lease liabilities, noncurrent Other liabilities, noncurrent Liabilities held for sale, noncurrent Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 19) Stockholders Equity Common stock, par value, shares authorized, and issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. (1) 
 Additional paid in capital Treasury stock, at cost ) Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Total UpHealth, Inc., stockholders equity Noncontrolling interests Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity 
 (1) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

 UPHEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (In thousands, except per share amounts) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Revenues: Services Licenses and subscriptions Products Total revenues Cost of revenues: Services License and subscriptions Products Total cost of revenues Gross profit Operating expenses: Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Lease abandonment expenses Goodwill and intangible asset impairment Acquisition, integration, and transformation costs Total operating expenses Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Interest expense ) ) Gain on consolidation of equity investment Loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary ) Gain on fair value of derivative liability Gain on fair value of warrant liabilities Gain (loss) on extinguishment of debt ) Other income, net, including interest income Total other income (expense) ) Net loss before income tax benefit ) ) Income tax benefit Net loss before loss from equity investment ) ) Loss from equity investment ) Net loss ) ) Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests Net loss attributable to UpHealth, Inc. ) ) Net loss per share attributable to UpHealth, Inc.: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted average shares outstanding: Basic Diluted 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

 UPHEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments, net of tax ) Comprehensive loss ) ) Comprehensive income attributable to noncontrolling interests Comprehensive loss attributable to UpHealth, Inc. ) ) 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 

 UPHEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 Common Stock Treasury Stock Shares Amount Additional Paid-In Capital Shares Amount Accumulated Deficit Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Total UpHealth, Inc. Stockholders Equity Noncontrolling Interests Total Stockholders Equity Balance as of January 1, 2021 (1)(2) 
 ) Issuance of common stock to consummate business combinations (1)(2) 
 Merger recapitalization (1)(2) 
 Issuance of common stock in connection with PIPE (2) 
 Forward share repurchase agreement ) ) ) Issuance of common stock for debt conversion (2) 
 Purchase consideration adjustment Issuance of common stock in connection with equity offering, net of offering costs of (2) 
 Issuance of common stock in connection with equity incentive plans, net (2) 
 Stock-based compensation Net loss ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 (2) 
 ) ) Equity award activity, net of shares withheld for taxes (2) 
 ) ) ) Issuance of common stock in connection with 2025 Notes (2) 
 Stock-based compensation Common stock repurchased in connection with forward share purchase agreement (2) 
 ) ) Purchase of noncontrolling interest ) ) Distribution to noncontrolling interests ) ) Deconsolidation of subsidiary ) ) Net loss ) ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) GigCapital2 shares). Common stock and additional paid-in capital were adjusted accordingly. 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 

 UPHEALTH, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENT OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt issuance costs and discount on convertible debt Stock-based compensation Impairment of property, plant and equipment, intangible assets and goodwill Provision for bad debt expense Loss (gain) on extinguishment of debt ) Loss from equity investment Gain on consolidation of equity investment ) Loss on deconsolidation of subsidiary Gain on fair value of warrant liabilities ) ) Gain on fair value of derivative liability ) ) Loss on disposal of property and equipment Deferred income taxes ) ) Non-cash impact of operating lease right-of-use assets Other ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities, net of effects of acquisitions: Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) ) Accounts payable and accrued expenses Operating lease liabilities ) Income taxes payable ) Deferred revenue Due to related parties ) Other current liabilities ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment and capitalized software development costs ) ) Due to related parties ) Deconsolidated Glocal cash ) Net cash acquired in acquisition of businesses Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) Financing activities: Proceeds from merger and recapitalization transaction Proceeds from debt Repayments of debt ) ) Proceeds from Provider Relief Funds Payments of debt issuance costs ) ) Repayment of forward share purchase ) Repayments of seller notes ) ) Payments of finance and capital lease obligations ) ) Proceeds from equity offering Proceeds from stock option exercises Payments for taxes related to net settlement of equity awards ) Distribution to noncontrolling interest ) Payment of amount due to member ) Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities ) Effect of exchange rate changes on cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash ) Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, beginning of period Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, end of period 
 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 

 For the years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Supplemental cash flow information: Cash paid for interest Cash paid for income taxes Non-cash investing and financing activity: Property, plant and equipment reclassed from other assets Property and equipment acquired through capital lease and vendor financing arrangements Right of use assets obtained in exchange for new operating lease liabilities Issuance of common stock for debt conversion Shares withheld for tax remittance Issuance of common stock for debt issuance costs Issuance of common stock and promissory note to consummate TTC business combination Issuance of common stock and promissory note to consummate Glocal business combination Write-off of Glocal opening cash balance Issuance of common stock and promissory note to consummate Cloudbreak business combination Issuance of common stock and promissory note to consummate Innovations Group business combination Reconciliation of cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash: Cash and cash equivalents Restricted cash Total cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 

 UPHEALTH, INC. 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In dollars) 
 
 1. 
 of Glocal Healthcare Systems Private Limited and subsidiaries Glocal ), an India based healthcare company, which was presented as an equity method investment. On March 26, 2021, UpHealth Holdings acquired an additional of Glocal and recognized a gain of million on our equity method investment through the step-acquisition, which is presented as a gain on consolidation of equity method 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 

 , and of Glocal, respectively, bringing our total ownership to as of June 30, 2022. Glocal is included in our consolidated financial statements as of March 26, 2021 through June 30, 2022 (see Deconsolidation of Subsidiary for further information). 
 On January 25, 2021, UpHealth Holdings completed the acquisition of TTC Healthcare, Inc. TTC ), a Delaware corporation and a provider of medical, retail pharmacy, and billing services for individuals with complex medical and behavioral health needs. 
 On April 27, 2021, UpHealth Holdings completed the acquisition of Innovations Group, Inc. (d/b/a MedQuest) Innovations Group ), a Utah corporation and a Utah-based internet pharmacy company. 
 Cloudbreak 
 
 Cloudbreak, a Delaware limited liability company that was formed on May 26, 2015, is a unified telemedicine and video medical interpretation solutions provider. On June 9, 2021, contemporaneous with the GigCapital2 merger with UpHealth Holdings, GigCapital2 completed the acquisition of Cloudbreak. 
 See Note 3, Business Combinations , for further information. 
 
 Deconsolidation of Subsidiary 
 As a result of events which occurred during the three months ended September 30, 2022, we determined that a reconsideration event occurred in July 2022, which required us to reassess whether Glocal was a Variable Interest Entity VIE and whether we continued to have a controlling financial interest in Glocal. Based on this assessment, we concluded that Glocal was a VIE, and furthermore, that we no longer have the ability to direct any activities of Glocal and no longer have a controlling financial interest. As a result, effective July 2022, we deconsolidated Glocal and recorded a million loss on deconsolidation of equity investment in our consolidated statements of operations, measured as the difference between the probability-weighted fair value of Glocal of million and the carrying amount of Glocal s assets and liabilities as of July 1, 2022. The probability-weighted fair value of Glocal, which is included in equity investment in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, incorporated scenarios where control of Glocal was gained and Glocal would continue as a going concern, control of Glocal was gained and Glocal would need to be liquidated, and control of Glocal was not gained and the equity investment in Glocal would be worthless. Further, we assessed the prospective accounting for our equity investment in Glocal. Since we no longer had the ability to exercise significant influence over operating and financial policies of Glocal, we concluded the investment should be accounted for utilizing the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification Topic 321, Investments - Equity Securities ASC 321 measurement alternative, whereby the investment was measured at cost and will continue to be evaluated for any indicators of impairment. In addition, we derecognized million of noncontrolling interests related to Glocal. If through legal processes we are able to obtain the ability to direct the activities of Glocal, and it is our intent to exercise all legal rights and remedies to achieve such a result, then we will further reassess the appropriate accounting treatment of our investment in Glocal. 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 

 Restricted cash Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment, net Intangible assets Other assets Total assets Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue, current Income taxes payable Related-party debt Debt Other liabilities Deferred tax liabilities Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) Noncontrolling interests Total liabilities and stockholder's equity Carrying value of Glocal at deconsolidation Fair value of Glocal at deconsolidation Loss on deconsolidation of equity investment 
 The financial results of Glocal as of December 31, 2021, the period from March 26, 2021 to December 31, 2021, and the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 are included in our consolidated financial statements, and the financial results of Glocal as of December 31, 2022 and for the six months then ended are not included in our consolidated financial statements. The only transactions between us and Glocal during the six months ended December 31, 2022 was the transfer of million by us to a designated Share Account maintained with a leading bank in India in the name of Glocal for which our Chief Financial Officer is the sole authorized signatory. 
 Reverse Stock Split 
 On December 5, 2022 our stockholders approved an amendment to our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (the Certificate of Amendment to effect a reverse split of the outstanding shares of our common stock, par value per share, at a specific ratio within a range of 4:1 to 10:1, with the specific ratio to be fixed within this range by our board of directors in its sole discretion without further stockholder approval (the Reverse Stock Split ). Our board of directors fixed the Reverse Stock Split ratio at 10:1, such that each ten shares of common stock were combined and reconstituted into one share of common stock effective December 8, 2022. Except as noted, all share, stock option, restricted stock unit RSU ), and per share information throughout these consolidated financial statements have been retroactively adjusted to reflect this Reverse Stock Split. 
 Sale of Innovations Group 
 On February 26, 2023, we agreed to sell of the outstanding capital stock of our wholly owned subsidiary, Innovations Group, to Belmar MidCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Belmar Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, a portfolio company of Webster Capital IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, pursuant to a stock purchase agreement dated February 26, 2023. The sale is expected to close in the second quarter of 2023, subject to the completion of required regulatory filings. Pursuant to the terms of the stock purchase agreement, consideration of million, subject to working capital, closing debt, and other adjustments, will be delivered to us upon closing. See Note 4, Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale , for further information. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 

 2. 

Emerging Growth Company 
 Section 102(b)(1) of the Jumpstart Our Business Startups JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies, but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when an accounting standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised accounting standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. 
 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 

restricted cash. As of December 31, 2021, we had restricted cash totaling million, consisting of which million represented funds held in an escrow account, as agreed in our forward share purchase agreement (see Note 12, Capital Structure million of funds held at our Glocal business. 
 million and million, respectively. 
 For subscription-based medical language interpretation services provided by and the sales of products through our virtual care infrastructure operations, accounts receivable are carried at original invoice, net of an allowance for doubtful accounts. Management determines the allowance for doubtful accounts by evaluating individual customer receivables on a monthly basis and considering a customer s financial condition and current economic conditions. Accounts receivable are written off when deemed uncollectible. Recoveries of accounts receivable previously written off are recorded when received. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the allowance for doubtful accounts was million and million, respectively. 
 For medical services provided through our services operations, accounts receivable are recorded without collateral from patients, most of whom are local residents and are insured under third-party payor agreements. Accounts receivable are based on gross charges, reduced by explicit price concessions provided to third-party payors and implicit price concessions provided primarily to self-pay patients. Estimates for explicit price concessions are based on provider contracts and historical experience adjusted for economic conditions and other trends affecting our ability to collect outstanding amounts. For accounts receivable associated with self-pay patients, we record implicit price concessions in the period of service on the basis of our past 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we determined that allowance for doubtful accounts was necessary. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total allowance for doubtful accounts was million and million, respectively. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, one customer accounted for approximately of total revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2021, one customer accounted for approximately of total revenues, due to the shortened period of activity between our acquisitions of Thrasys and BHS. As of December 31, 2022, no one customer accounted for a significant percentage of total accounts receivable. As of December 31, 2021, two customers accounted for of total accounts receivable, primarily due to the shortened period of activity between our acquisitions of Thrasys and BHS. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

years Medical and surgical equipment years Electrical and other equipment - years 
 Computer equipment, furniture and fixtures - years 
 Vehicles - years 
 Capitalized software development costs years 
 Leasehold improvements are amortized over the lesser of the remaining lease term or the estimated economic life of the asset. 
 When assets are retired or disposed of, the asset costs and related accumulated depreciation or amortization are removed from the respective accounts and any related gain or loss is recognized in the consolidated statements of operations. Maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. Significant expenditures, which extend the economic lives of assets, are capitalized. 
 
 million were recognized during fiscal 2022 related to our Thrasys, BHS and TTC business units. impairment charge was recognized in fiscal 2021. 

million was recognized during fiscal 2022 related to the impairment of a software license. impairment charge was recognized in fiscal 2021. 
 
 million impairment charge was recognized in fiscal 2022, which included an increase to goodwill in the amount of million, which was immediately impaired, as a result of measurement period adjustments in the three months ended March 31, 2022, as well as an impairment charge of million in the three months ended September 30, 2022 resulting from indicators of impairment identified in our goodwill impairment assessment performed as of September 30, 2022 (see Note 8, 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 

 million charge on the remeasurement of the disposal group held for sale in the three months ended December 31, 2022 in connection with the pending sale of Innovations Group. A million impairment charge was recognized in fiscal 2021. 
 The estimated fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed are provisional and are based on the information that was available as of each acquisition date to estimate the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We believe that information provides a reasonable basis for estimating the fair values of assets acquired and liabilities assumed, but we are waiting for additional information necessary to finalize those fair values. Therefore, the provisional measurements of fair value reflected are subject to change and such changes could be significant. 
 In evaluating whether new information obtained meets the criteria for adjusting provisional amounts, management must consider all relevant factors, including: 
 
 The timing of the receipt of the additional information that management could have used in its evaluation on or after the acquisition date, and 
 
 Whether management can identify a reason that a change to the provisional amounts is warranted and not driven by a discrete independent event occurring subsequent to the acquisition. 
 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 

million of cash held in escrow as restricted cash, in our consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. In April 2022, in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, KAF transferred the shares of our common stock (recorded on a post-reverse split basis) to us and we transferred to KAF the million in cash previously held in escrow and million of interest. As of December 31, 2022, the shares of common stock are recorded as treasury stock in our consolidated balance sheets. 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

 F-19 

Table of Contents 

 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and are included within sales and marketing expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 F-20 

Table of Contents 

 F-21 

Table of Contents 

 million and million, respectively, as of the date of adoption. The difference between the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities on the accompanying consolidated balance sheet is primarily due to the impact of accrual for lease payments as a result of straight-line lease expense. We did not have any impact to opening accumulated deficit as a result of the adoption of the guidance. The adoption of this new guidance did not have a material impact on our results of operations and comprehensive loss, cash flows, liquidity or our covenant compliance under its existing credit agreements (see Note 18, Leases , for further information). 
 
 Reclassifications 

F-22 

Table of Contents 

 Licenses and subscriptions Products Total revenues Cost of revenues: Services License and subscriptions Products Total cost of revenues Gross profit ) Operating expenses: Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative ) Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Lease abandonment expenses Goodwill and intangible asset impairment Acquisition, integration, and transformation costs Total operating expenses ) Loss from operations ) ) ) ) 

For The Year Ended December 31, 2021 As Reported Reclassifications As Adjusted Revenues: Services Licenses and subscriptions Products Total revenues Cost of revenues: Services License and subscriptions Products Total cost of revenues Gross profit ) Operating expenses: Sales and marketing Research and development General and administrative ) Depreciation and amortization Stock-based compensation Lease abandonment expenses Goodwill and intangible asset impairment Acquisition, integration, and transformation costs Total operating expenses ) Loss from operations ) ) 
 F-23 

Table of Contents 

 3. 
 The Formation of UpHealth Holdings 
 UpHealth Holdings was formed on October 26, 2020, as a Delaware corporation, when the shareholders of UpHealth Services, Inc. contributed all of the shares of UpHealth Services to UpHealth Holdings in exchange for outstanding common stock of UpHealth Holdings, resulting in UpHealth Services being a wholly owned subsidiary of UpHealth Holdings. This was accounted for as a common control transaction with assets and liabilities carried over at book value. 
 
 Acquisition of Thrasys 
 On November 20, 2020, UpHealth Holdings completed the acquisition of Thrasys, in exchange for a promissory note for future cash consideration, as defined in the merger agreements, and common stock interests in UpHealth Holdings 
 F-24 

Table of Contents 

 million, net of cash and restricted cash acquired of million. The acquisition brings additional software and support synergies to our consolidated digital healthcare offerings. 
 Under the terms of the merger agreement, shares of common stock held by two officers of Thrasys, with a value of million, have been restricted for months from the closing date of the merger, as security for a potential indemnification claim related to a Thrasys tax matter (see Note 13, Income Taxes , for further information). 
 
 We identified developed technology and intellectual property, customer relationships, and trade names as definite-lived intangible assets. Developed technology and intellectual property consists of Thrasys' SyntraNet TM platform, which is supported by domestic and international patents. Customer relationships consists of Thrasys' relationships with health plans, health systems and hospitals, physician groups, and accountable care organizations that are expected to contribute to recurring revenues and cross sell of our offerings. Trade names consist of the SyntraNet TM trademark. 
 
 The goodwill is attributable to the workforce of the acquired business and the significant synergies expected to arise after our acquisition of Thrasys. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 
 Prepaid expenses and other Identifiable intangible assets Property and equipment Other assets Goodwill ) Total assets acquired ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Debt ) Deferred tax liabilities Deferred revenue Total liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired ) 
 
 Thrasys applied for forgiveness of its million PPP loan during 2020 and it was forgiven in full and the subsidiary was legally released from repaying the loan by the SBA in June 2021. The forgiveness was recorded as a decrease in debt and goodwill during the three months ended June 30, 2021. In connection with the closing of the Business Combinations on June 9, 2021, the purchase consideration was adjusted in accordance with the merger agreement, resulting in a decrease in net assets acquired and goodwill of million during the three months ended June 30, 2021. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, a million decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities was recorded related to a shareholder tax 
 F-25 

Table of Contents 

 million increase in deferred tax liability related to income tax liabilities and other assets acquired in connection with the acquisition, with an offsetting increase in goodwill. 
 
 Definite-lived intangible assets - Technology and intellectual property Definite-lived intangible asset - Customer relationships Total fair value of identifiable intangible assets 
 Acquisition of BHS 
 On November 20, 2020, UpHealth Holdings completed the acquisition of BHS in exchange for a promissory note for future cash consideration, as defined in the merger agreements, and common stock interests in UpHealth Holdings totaling million, net of cash acquired of million. The acquisition adds the services segment to our operations and brings additional medical synergies to our consolidated digital healthcare offerings. 
 We identified trade names as a definite-lived intangible asset. 
 
 The goodwill is attributable to the workforce of the acquired business and the significant synergies expected to arise after our acquisition of BHS. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Identifiable intangible assets Property and equipment Other assets Deferred tax assets Goodwill ) Total assets acquired ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Debt ) Total liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired ) 
 In connection with the closing of the Business Combinations on June 9, 2021, the purchase consideration was adjusted in accordance with the merger agreements, resulting in a net decrease in net assets acquired and goodwill of million during the three months ended June 30, 2021. During the three months ended June 30, 2021, BHS recorded an accrual in the amount of million for amounts owing to providers as of the acquisition date, with an offsetting increase in goodwill. BHS submitted a request for forgiveness of its million PPP loans during 2021 and it was forgiven in full and BHS was legally released from repaying the loan by the SBA in August 2021. The forgiveness was recorded as a decrease in debt and goodwill during the three months ended September 30, 2021. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, BHS recorded million for the 
 F-26 

Table of Contents 

 million was recorded for customer credit liabilities as an increase to accrued expenses and other current liabilities and goodwill. 
 Total fair value of identifiable intangible assets 
 Acquisition of TTC 
 On January 25, 2021, UpHealth Holdings completed the acquisition of TTC in exchange for a promissory note for future cash consideration, as defined in the merger agreements, and common stock interests in UpHealth Holdings totaling million, net of cash acquired of million. The acquisition brings additional medical synergies to our consolidated digital healthcare offerings. 
 We identified trade names as a definite-lived intangible asset. 
 
 The goodwill is attributable to the workforce of the acquired business and the significant synergies expected to arise after our acquisition of TTC. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 
 ) Prepaid expenses and other Identifiable intangible assets Property and equipment Other assets Goodwill Total assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Due to related parties Debt ) Deferred tax liabilities ) Total liabilities assumed Net assets acquired ) 
 TTC submitted a request for forgiveness of its PPP loans in 2020 and they were forgiven in full and TTC was legally released from repaying the loans in the amount of million and million in February and March 2021, respectively. The forgiveness was recorded as a decrease in debt and goodwill during the three months ended March 31, 2021. In connection with the closing of the Business Combinations on June 9, 2021, the purchase consideration was adjusted in accordance with the merger agreements, resulting in a net decrease in net assets acquired and goodwill of million. During the three months ended June 30, 2021, TTC recorded an accrual in the amount of million for amounts owing to a related party as of the acquisition date, with an offsetting increase in goodwill. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, a million accounts receivable reserve was recorded as a decrease in accounts receivable and an increase in goodwill. 

F-27 

Table of Contents 

 Total fair value of identifiable intangible assets 
 
 Acquisition of Glocal 
 On November 20, 2020, UpHealth Holdings entered into a stock purchase agreement to acquire of Glocal. On March 26, 2021, UpHealth Holdings completed a step acquisition of an additional of Glocal, bringing our total ownership to . The acquisition resulted in our ownership exceeding 50.0 , requiring consolidation of Glocal as of March 26, 2021. On May 14, 2021, June 21, 2021, and August 27, 2021, UpHealth Holdings completed the acquisition of an additional , , and of Glocal, respectively, bringing our total ownership to as of December 31, 2021. Total purchase price consideration included a promissory note for future cash consideration, as defined in the merger agreements, and common stock interests in UpHealth Holdings totaling million, net of cash acquired of million. The acquisition brought additional software and support synergies to our virtual care infrastructure offerings. 
 We identified developed technology and intellectual property as definite-lived intangible assets. Glocal has intellectual property and computer software associated with its digital dispensary technology and its telemedicine software. This software platform has historically been used to provide patient care to health populations in India via technology-based hospital centers run by the government in a fee-for-service model based on usage. 
 The goodwill is attributable to the workforce of the acquired business and the significant synergies expected to arise after our acquisition of Glocal. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 
 ) Inventories Identifiable intangible assets Property, equipment, and work in progress ) Other current assets, including short term advances ) Other noncurrent assets, including long term advances Goodwill Total assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Income tax liability Deferred tax liability Debt ) Noncontrolling interest Total liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interest Net assets acquired ) 
 
 In connection with the closing of the Business Combinations on June 9, 2021, the purchase consideration was adjusted in accordance with the merger agreements, resulting in a net decrease in net assets acquired and goodwill of million during the three months ended June 30, 2021. During the three months ended June 30, 2021, Glocal recorded a deferred tax liability in the amount of million relating to identifiable intangible and other assets acquired in connection with the acquisition, with an offsetting increase in goodwill. During the three months ended September 30, 2021, Glocal recorded a reserve against its accounts receivable in the amount of million and a liability related to redeemable preferred shares as of the acquisition date 
 F-28 

Table of Contents 

 million with offsetting increases in goodwill. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, Glocal recorded reserves against accounts receivable and other assets in the amount of million and additions to accrued expenses for unrecorded liabilities in the amount of million with an offsetting increase to goodwill. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, Glocal recorded debt forgiveness in the amount of million, with an offsetting decrease to goodwill, as well as a deferred tax liability in the amount of million relating to income tax liabilities and other assets acquired in connection with the acquisition, with an offsetting increase in goodwill. During the three months ended March 31, 2022, Glocal recorded a reduction in the fair value of property, equipment, and work in progress in the amount of million, an increase in the value of intangible assets in the amount of million, and an increase in accrued expenses related to unrecorded liabilities in the amount of million, with offsetting increases to goodwill, as well as a reduction to the deferred tax liability in the amount of million related to these adjustments, with an offsetting decrease in goodwill. 
 
 Total fair value of identifiable intangible assets 
 As discussed in Note 1, Organization and Business , we deconsolidated Glocal during the three months ended September 30, 2022; therefore, the financial results of Glocal as of December 31, 2021, the period from March 26, 2021 to December 31, 2021, and the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 are included in our consolidated financial statements, and the financial results of Glocal as of December 31, 2022 and for the three and six months then ended are not included in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Acquisition of Innovations Group 
 O n April 27, 2021, UpHealth Holdings completed the acquisition of Innovations Group in exchange for a promissory note for future cash consideration, as defined in the merger agreement, and common stock interests in UpHealth Holdings totaling million , net of cash acquired of million. The acquisition brings additional medical synergies to our consolidated digital healthcare offerings. 
 We identified developed technology and intellectual property, customer relationships, trade names, and a lease as definite-lived intangible assets. Developed technology and intellectual property consists of Innovations Group's eMedplus software, which is a full-service prescription management system licensed by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Agency and industry groups. Customer relationships consist of Innovations Group's relationships with physician groups, who make up a significant portion of its revenue and continue to use the platform as a prescription management and delivery service without high levels of attrition. Trade names consist of the MedQuest brand, which customers identify as the supplier of the product they use, and which is licensed by the government and industry groups. 
 
 The goodwill is attributable to the workforce of the acquired business and the significant synergies expected to arise after our acquisition of Innovations Group. The goodwill is deductible for tax purposes. 
 
 F-29 

Table of Contents 

 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other Identifiable intangible assets Property and equipment ) Other assets ) Goodwill ) Total assets acquired ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Deferred revenue Deferred tax liability Debt ) Noncontrolling interests Total liabilities assumed and noncontrolling interest ) Net assets acquired 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2021, Innovations Group recorded noncontrolling interests related to a VIE as of the acquisition date in the amount of million, with an offsetting increase in goodwill. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, Innovations Group determined that the VIE should not be consolidated since it no longer had a variable interest in the VIE, and recorded a million decrease to property and equipment, a thousand decrease to other assets, a thousand decrease to accrued expenses and other current liabilities and a million decrease to debt, with no change to goodwill. In addition, during the three months ended December 31, 2021, Innovations Group recorded a lease intangible of million, with an offsetting decrease in goodwill, as well as a million increase in deferred tax liability related to income tax liabilities and other assets acquired in connection with the acquisition, with an offsetting increase in goodwill. 
 Definite-lived intangible assets Technology and intellectual property - 
 Definite-lived intangible assets Customer relationships Definite-lived intangible assets Lease Total fair value of identifiable intangible assets 
 Acquisition of Cloudbreak 
 O n June 9, 2021, UpHealth (fka GigCapital2) completed the Cloudbreak Business Combination in an exchange of cash, notes, and common stock interests in UpHealth t otaling million, net of cash acquired of million . The acquisition brings additional software and support synergies to our virtual care infrastructure offerings. 
 We identified developed technology and intellectual property, customer relationships, and trade names as definite-lived intangible assets. Developed technology and intellectual property primarily consists of Martti , Cloudbreak s core telehealth offering, which is a remote video enabled interpretation software that puts certified medical interpreters alongside clinical care teams at video endpoints in provider networks nationwide. Customer relationships consist of Cloudbreak's core customers, which are comprised of hospitals and health systems, Federally Qualified Healthcare Clinics, urgent care centers, standalone medical practices, and schools nationwide. Trade names consist of the Martti trademark. 
 The goodwill is attributable to the workforce of the acquired business and the significant synergies expected to arise after our acquisition of Cloudbreak. The goodwill is partially deductible for tax purposes. 
 F-30 

Table of Contents 

 Prepaid expenses and other Identifiable intangible assets Property and equipment Other assets ) Goodwill ) Total assets acquired ) Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred revenue Deferred tax liability ) Other long-term liabilities Debt Total liabilities assumed ) Net assets acquired 
 During the three months ended September 30, 2021, the purchase consideration was adjusted in accordance with the merger agreements, resulting in a net increase in net assets acquired and goodwill of thousand. During the three months ended September 30, 2021, Cloudbreak recorded a lease liability related to its operating leases as of the acquisition date in the amount of million, with an offsetting increase in goodwill. During the three months ended December 31, 2021, Cloudbreak recorded a million increase to accounts receivable, net of reserve, with an offsetting decrease in goodwill; a million increase to property and equipment and a million decrease in other assets, with an offsetting increase in goodwill, related to capital lease security deposits; a million increase to accrued expenses and other current liabilities, with an offsetting increase to goodwill, related to a payroll accrual and a payable to a customer; and a million decrease in deferred tax liability related to income tax liabilities and other assets acquired in connection with the acquisition, with an offsetting increase in goodwill. During the three months ended June 30, 2022, Cloudbreak recorded a million decrease in deferred tax liability related to income tax liabilities and other assets acquired in connection with the acquisition, with an offsetting decrease in goodwill. 
 Definite-lived intangible assets Technology and intellectual property Definite-lived intangible assets Customer relationships Total fair value of identifiable intangible assets 
 Acquisition of UpHealth Holdings 
 On June 9, 2021, GigCapital2 completed the UpHealth Business Combination as disclosed above, in an exchange of cash, notes, and common stock interests in UpHealth for all the shares of UpHealth Holdings' capital stock issued and outstanding immediately prior to the effective date of the acquisition. The acquisition was accounted for as a reverse recapitalization, which is the equivalent of UpHealth Holdings issuing stock for the net assets of GigCapital2, accompanied by a recapitalization, with UpHealth Holdings treated as the accounting acquiror. The determination of UpHealth Holdings as the accounting acquiror was primarily based on the fact that subsequent to the acquisition, UpHealth Holdings owns a majority of the voting power of the 
 F-31 

Table of Contents 

 of the ongoing operations of the combined entity, UpHealth Holdings controls a majority of the governing body of the combined company, and UpHealth Holdings' senior management comprises most of the senior management of the combined company. The net assets of GigCapital2 were stated at historical cost with goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. Reported results from operations included herein prior to the acquisition are those of UpHealth Holdings. The shares and corresponding capital amounts and loss per share related to UpHealth Holdings' outstanding common stock prior to the acquisition have been retroactively restated to reflect the exchange ratio (1.0 UpHealth Holdings share to GigCapital2 shares) established in the business combination agreement. 
 Acquisition, Integration and Transformation Costs 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, we have incurred million and million, respectively, of costs related to the acquisition, integration, and transformation of UpHealth Holdings and its subsidiaries (Thrasys, BHS, TTC, Glocal, and Innovations Group), and Cloudbreak, which are included in acquisition, integration, and transformation costs in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Combined Pro Forma Results for the Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 The results of operations of UpHealth Holdings and its subsidiaries (BHS, Thrasys, TTC, Glocal, and Innovations Group), and Cloudbreak have been included in the financial statements subsequent to their acquisition dates. 
 Net income (loss) ) Basic earnings per share ) Diluted earnings per share ) 
 
 4. 
 
 F-32 

Table of Contents 

 million on the remeasurement of the disposal group to its fair value, less cost to sell, which was recorded in goodwill and intangible asset impairment in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property, plant and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Intangible assets, net Goodwill Less: Impairment ) Total assets held for sale Accounts payable Accrued expenses Deferred revenue Lease liabilities, current Deferred tax liabilities Lease liabilities, noncurrent Total liabilities held for sale 
 
 5. 
 Licenses and subscriptions Products Total revenues 
 F-33 

Table of Contents 

 Europe Asia Total revenues 
 Our revenues are entirely derived from the healthcare industry. Revenue recognized over-time was approximately and of total revenues during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Contract Assets 
 There were impairments of contract assets, consisting of unbilled receivables, during fiscal 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Reclassifications to billed receivables ) Revenues recognized in excess of period billings Unbilled receivables, end of period 
 Contract Liabilities 
 Revenues recognized from balances held at the beginning of the period ) ) Net revenues deferred from period collections on unfulfilled performance obligations Deconsolidation of equity investment ) Reclassified to liabilities held for sale (See Note 4) ) Deferred revenue, end of period 
 Revenue recognized ratably over time is generally billed in advance and includes SaaS internet hosting, subscriptions, construction of digital dispensaries, and related consulting, implementation, services support, and advisory services. 
 Revenue recognized as delivered over time includes professional services billed on a time and materials basis, and fixed fee professional services and training classes that are primarily billed, delivered, and recognized within the same reporting period. 
 Approximately of revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 was from the deferred revenue balance existing as of December 31, 2021. Approximately of the revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2021 was from the deferred revenue balance existing as of December 31, 2020. 
 Remaining Performance Obligations 
 The majority of remaining performance obligation is expected to be recognized during the next 12 months and is classified as current in the table below. The remainder will be incurred through 2024. 
 F-34 

Table of Contents 

 Program management and professional services 
 
 6. 
 Buildings Leasehold improvements Medical and surgical equipment Electrical and other equipment Computer equipment, furniture and fixtures Vehicles Capitalized software development costs Construction in progress Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Total property and equipment, net 
 As discussed in Note 4, Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale , million of property and equipment are included in assets held for sale, noncurrent, in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 Depreciation expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Accrued products and licenses Accrued payroll and bonuses Accrued interest on debt Other accruals Total accrued expenses 
 
 7. 
 
 F-35 

Table of Contents 

 Additions Amortization ) ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Additions Amortization ) ) ) ) ) Impairments ) ) ) ) Deconsolidation of equity investment ) ) Intangible assets, net reclassified to assets held for sale (see Note 4) ) ) ) ) ) Foreign exchange ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 
 Impairment charges of million were recognized for the year ended December 31, 2022 related to our Thrasys, BHS and TTC business units. impairment charge was recognized for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 As discussed in Note 4, Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale, million of intangible assets are included in assets held for sale, noncurrent, in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The estimated useful lives of trade names are - years, the estimated useful life of technology and intellectual property is - years, and the estimated useful life of customer relationships is years. 
 Amortization expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 

8. 
 F-36 

Table of Contents 

 million, which was immediately impaired. 
 As a result of indicators of impairment identified during the three months ended September 30, 2022, we performed a goodwill impairment assessment as of September 30, 2022, which included both qualitative and quantitative assessments. Our assessment included a comparison of the carrying value to an estimated fair value using a market approach based on our market capitalization. Based on this assessment, we concluded the fair value of segments were below the carrying value primarily due to the recent change in our market valuation and financial performance and recorded a goodwill impairment in the amount of million. 
 As discussed in Note 4, Assets and Liabilities Held for Sale, million of goodwill is included in assets held for sale, noncurrent, in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. 
 We performed a goodwill impairment assessment as of December 31, 2021, which included both qualitative and quantitative assessments. Our assessment included a comparison of carrying value to an estimated fair value using a market approach based on our market capitalization. Based on this assessment, we concluded the fair value of all segments was below the carrying value primarily due to the recent change in our market valuation and financial performance and recorded a goodwill impairment in the amount of million. 
 Measurement period adjustment Thrasys ) Measurement period adjustment BHS ) Business acquisition of TTC Measurement period adjustment TTC Business acquisition of Glocal Measurement period adjustment Glocal Business acquisition of Innovations Group Measurement period adjustment Innovations Group ) Business acquisition of Cloudbreak Measurement period adjustment Cloudbreak ) Impairment ) Foreign exchange ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Measurement period adjustments Goodwill reclassified to assets held for sale (see Note 4) ) Impairments ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 

9. 
 of Glocal in exchange for a promissory note for future cash consideration, as defined in the stock purchase agreement, and common stock interests in UpHealth, for a purchase price of million. Since we did not have a controlling financial interest, this investment was presented as an equity method investment in our consolidated balance sheets for the year ended December 31, 2020. For the period from November 20, 2020 through December 31, 2020, our share of the net income (loss) of Glocal included amortization expense of million related to intangible assets being amortized into income over the estimated remaining lives of the assets. For the period from January 1, 2021 through March 25, 2021, our share of the net income (loss) of Glocal included amortization expense of million. 
 F-37 

Table of Contents 

 , and recognized a fair value gain on the step-acquisition of million, prior to consolidation. 
 On May 14, 2021, June 21, 2021 and August 27, 2021, UpHealth Holdings completed the acquisition of an additional , , and of Glocal, respectively, bringing our total ownership to as of June 30, 2022. 
 See Note 3, Business Combinations , for further information. 
 . 
 
 10. 
 2026 Notes Seller notes Provider Relief and EIDL Funds Other debt facilities (various maturities and interest rates) Total debt Less: unamortized original issue and debt discount ) ) Total debt, net of unamortized original issue and debt discount Less: current portion of debt ) Noncurrent portion of debt 
 2026 Unsecured Convertible Notes and Indenture 
 On January 20, 2021, GigCapital2 entered into convertible note subscription agreements, each dated January 20, 2021 and amended on June 8, 2021, with certain institutional investors, pursuant to which GigCapital2 agreed to issue and sell unsecured convertible notes in a private placement to close immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combinations. 
 On June 15, 2021, in connection with the closing of the Business Combinations, we entered into an indenture (the 2026 Indenture with Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association, (the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as trustee thereunder, in respect of the million in aggregate principal amount of unsecured convertible notes due in 2026 (the 2026 Notes that were issued to certain institutional investors. The 2026 Notes bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semi-annually, and were convertible following the reverse split of our shares into approximately shares of common stock at a conversion price of in accordance with the terms of the 2026 Indenture, and will mature on June 15, 2026. The total proceeds received from the 2026 Notes were million, net of debt issuance costs of million. In accounting for the 2026 Notes, we bifurcated and accounted for the conversion option as a derivative measured at fair value on the issuance date in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The difference between the proceeds allocated to the 2026 Notes at issuance and the fair value of the conversion option was allocated to the host debt contract. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the derivative was million and million, respectively, all of which was included in derivative liability, noncurrent, in our consolidated balance sheets. 
 Total interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million, of which million related to contractual interest expense, million related to derivative accretion, and million related to debt issuance costs amortization. Total interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 was million, of which million related to 
 F-38 

Table of Contents 

 million related to derivative accretion, and million related to debt issuance costs amortization. Total other income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 included a million and million gain on the fair value of the derivative liability, respectively. 
 On August 12, 2022, concurrently and in connection with the offering of our 2025 senior secured convertible notes and indenture (see below), Oppenheimer Co. Inc. OpCo commenced a private offer to repurchase approximately million in aggregate principal amount of our 2026 Notes (the 2026 Notes Repurchase ). In connection with the 2026 Notes Repurchase, OpCo entered into a note purchase agreement with each institutional investor pursuant to which OpCo agreed to purchase 2026 Notes from each investor, concurrently with each investor s purchase of 2025 Notes in the 2025 Notes Offering (see below). At the closing, each investor had the ability to sell million in principal amount of 2026 Notes at of par value for each million in principal amount of 2025 Notes purchased in the 2025 Notes Offering. Concurrently and in connection with the closing on August 18, 2022, OpCo purchased from each investor the principal amount of the 2026 Notes set forth in each investor s note purchase agreement, pursuant to and in accordance with the terms thereof. Total other expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 included a loss on extinguishment of debt of million attributed to the unexpended accretion and the write-off of the derivative value on the repurchased 2026 Notes. Following the reverse split of shares, the remaining 2026 Notes are convertible into approximately shares of common stock at a conversion price of in accordance with the terms of the Indenture. 
 2025 Senior Secured Convertible Notes and Indenture 
 On August 18, 2022, we entered into an indenture (the 2025 Indenture with the Indenture Trustee in its capacity as trustee thereunder, in respect of the million in aggregate principal amount of a new series of variable rate convertible senior secured notes due December 15, 2025 (the 2025 Notes issued to holders of our 2026 Notes in a private placement transaction 2025 Notes Offering ), raising approximately million in gross cash proceeds, net of debt issuance costs of million, after paying for a repurchase of million of the 2026 Notes, which net proceeds were used in part to fully repay the Seller Notes (see below). The debt issuance costs consisted of cash paid in the amount of million and the issuance of shares of common stock, following the reverse stock split, with a value of million. The 2025 Notes are convertible following the reverse split of our shares into shares of UpHealth common stock at a conversion price, subject to the occurrence of certain corporate events, of per share. The 2025 Notes are senior secured obligations of UpHealth, secured by substantially all of our assets and those of our domestic subsidiaries, and accrue interest at a rate equal to the daily secured overnight financing rate SOFR plus per annum, with a minimum rate of per annum, payable quarterly in arrears, for a quarterly rate of for our December 15, 2022 interest payment date. The 2025 Notes will mature on December 15, 2025, unless earlier repurchased, redeemed or converted. Holders will have the right to convert their 2025 Notes at any time. Upon the occurrence of certain corporate events, holders of the 2025 Notes can require UpHealth to repurchase for cash all or part of their 2025 Notes in principal amounts of or an integral multiple thereof at a repurchase price that will be equal to of the principal amount of the 2025 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon, if any. In the event that UpHealth sells assets with net proceeds in excess of million, then it will make an offer to all holders of the 2025 Notes to repurchase the 2025 Notes for an aggregate amount of cash equal to of the net proceeds of such asset sale, at a repurchase price per 2025 Note equal to of the principal amount thereof, plus accrued and unpaid interest, if any. UpHealth may not otherwise seek to redeem the 2025 Notes prior to June 16, 2024. UpHealth will settle conversions solely in shares of its common stock, except for payments of cash in lieu of fractional shares. 
 Total interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was million of which million related to contractual interest expense and million related to debt issuance costs amortization. 
 In December 2022, the Indenture Trustee, in its capacity as calculation agent, notified us of the quarterly rate reset of for our March 15, 2023 interest payment date. In March 2023, the Indenture Trustee, in its capacity as calculation agent, notified us of the quarterly rate reset of for our June 15, 2023 interest payment date. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we were in compliance with all covenants and restrictions associated with our debt agreements. 
 
 Revolving Line of Credit and Term Loan 
 One of our subsidiaries had a loan and security agreement (the Loan Agreement with a bank that allowed for maximum borrowings of million on a revolving line of credit and a million term loan. On June 9, 2021, in connection with the GigCapital2 merger, we paid off the revolving line of credit and term loan balance of million and 
 F-39 

Table of Contents 

 unamortized debt issuance costs and thus gain or loss was recognized on extinguishment. 
 
 Glocal Debt Facilities 
 As discussed in Note 1, Organization and Business , we deconsolidated Glocal during the three months ended September 30, 2022; therefore the financial results of Glocal as of December 31, 2021, the period from March 26, 2021 to December 31, 2021, and the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 are included in our consolidated financial statements, and the financial results of Glocal as of December 31, 2022 and for the period from July 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 are not included in our consolidated financial statements. 
 Glocal s debt facilities include INR-denominated term loans with an aggregate carr ying value of million (or INR million) as of December 31, 2021. These term loans are primarily utilized for financing the construction of hospitals, administrative offices, equipment, and working capital, and are required to be repaid in monthly and quarterly installments with maturity dates extending to March 31, 2025. The loans are secured by mortgages on real property and personal guarantee of two Glocal directors. The loans bear interest rates between and per annum. During the six months ended June 30, 2022, Glocal repaid million of the aggregate carrying value of the term loans. As of December 31, 2021 accrued interest on Glocal's debt facilities was thousand and is included in accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 Prior to being acquired, Glocal had been negotiating with its banks to restructure the payment terms of some of the debt facilities above; these negotiations were completed in the fourth quarter of 2021 and Glocal was able to realize a forgiveness of debt of approximately million. 
 
 Convertible Notes 
 On March 23, 2021, we issued a million principal amount, convertible note (the 2021 Note of which million was to be converted and repaid in UpHealth common stock and the remainder in cash. The 2021 Note bears interest at a fixed rate of per year, to begin accruing on June 15, 2021 if not repaid previous to such date. Total proceeds received from the 2021 Note were million, net of original issue discount of million. Additional debt issuance costs of million for a placement fee were accrued, and paid at the closing. The principal and accrued interest of the 2021 Note was due and payable by us to the holder on the earlier of (1) the date that is one business day after the closing of the Business Combinations and we begin public trading, (2) the maturity date, which is from the issuance of the 2021 Note, or (3) November 23, 2021, pursuant to its payment provisions. On June 9, 2021, in connection with the closing of the Business Combinations , we paid the holder of the 2021 Note the sum of million and the remaining million balance due to the holder was converted and exchanged into shares of UpHealth common stock. Original issue discount and debt issuance costs of million were written-off and a thousand gain on extinguishment of debt was recognized and included in other income, net, including interest income, in the condensed consolidated statements of operations. 
 On January 6, 2021, we issued a million principal amount, convertible note due January 6, 2026 (the 2026 Note ). The 2026 Note is unsecured and bears interest at a fixed rate of per year and, unless earlier converted, the principal and accrued interest of the 2026 Note will be due and payable by us at any time on or after the maturity date at our election or upon demand by the holder. On June 9, 2021, in connection with the closing of the Business Combinations, the 2026 Note was converted into shares of UpHealth common stock, representing the total outstanding principal balance and unpaid accrued interest of million and thousand, respectively. A million gain on extinguishment was recognized and included in other income, net, including interest income, in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Paycheck Protection Program Loans 
 In April 2020, three of our subsidiaries obtained a U.S. government subsidy of million, million, and million (representing loan agreements), respectively, under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP ). The PPP is a U.S. government temporary program created with the intent to provide a subsidy to assist businesses in keeping employees employed during the pandemic. The PPP loan may not need to be repaid if certain requirements are met. Under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security CARES Ac t ), as modified, any amounts not forgiven will be required to be repaid over a term having a minimum of five years and a maximum maturity of 10 years from the date on which the borrower applies for forgiveness. The loans carry a interest rate. 
 One of our subsidiaries applied for forgiveness of its million PPP loan during 2020 and it was forgiven in full and the subsidiary legally released from repaying the loan by the SBA in June 2021. The forgiveness was recognized as a measurement period adjustment to goodwill during the three months ended June 30, 2021. 
 F-40 

Table of Contents 

 million PPP loans during 2021 and it was forgiven in full and the subsidiary legally released from repaying the loan by the SBA in August 2021. The forgiveness was recognized as a measurement period adjustment to goodwill during the three months ended September 30, 2021. 
 One of our subsidiaries applied for forgiveness of its million PPP loans during 2020, of which of the loans, totaling million, were forgiven in full by the SBA and the subsidiary was legally released from repaying the loans. In February 2021 and March 2021, the remainder of the PPP loans totaling million and million, respectively, were forgiven by the SBA and the subsidiary was legally released from repaying the loans. We recorded this as a measurement period adjustment to goodwill during the three months ended March 31, 2021. 
 Provider Relief Funds 
 Provider Relief Funds PRF were made available by the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS as part of a 100 billion appropriation as part of the CARES Act s Provider Relief Fund. In April and July 2020, one of our subsidiaries received PRF proceeds aggregating million, and in January 2021, another subsidiary received PRF proceeds aggregating million. The PRF amounts received will not require repayment as long as the subsidiaries comply with certain terms and conditions outlined by HHS. The terms and conditions first require the subsidiaries to identify health care-related expenses attributed to COVID-19 that another source has not reimbursed or is obligated to reimburse. If those expenses do not exceed the funding received, the subsidiaries then apply the funds to patient care lost revenue. On January 15, 2021 HHS released a Post-Payment Notice of Reporting Requirements Notice that provides healthcare providers three options to calculate patient care lost revenue. 
 During the three months ended March 31, 2022, one subsidiary had used million of the PRF funds and returned the remaining million to HHS and the other subsidiary had used all million of the PRF funds under the terms and conditions and restrictions for the CARES Act relative to these funds. 
 
 Related Party Debt 
 One of our subsidiaries has notes payable to related parties totaling million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The notes bear interest at rates of per annum. The notes are payable in quarterly installments starting from October 1, 2022, or upon a liquidity event, as defined in the note agreement. The accrued interest payable was and thousand as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense was thousand and thousand for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Payments of million and were made during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 Seller Notes 
 As part of the purchase price consideration for several of UpHealth Holdings merger entities, we entered into seller notes payable to their former shareholders, which accrue interest at specific rates, per the respective merger agreements. On June 9, 2021, in connection with the closing of the Business Combination, we paid million of the seller notes. In August 2021, we paid an additional million of the seller notes and deferred the maturity date to September 2022. In August 2022, we paid the remaining million of seller notes plus accrued interest of million. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the seller notes totaled and million, respectively. 
 The accrued interest payable was and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included in accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets. Interest expense was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 Senior Debt Facility Fees 
 In March 2020, we agreed to pay a financial consulting firm, an affiliate of a related party, compensation related to finding and executing a senior financing facility, to be funded at the completion of the Business Combinations (see Note 1, Organization and Business , for further information). On June 9, 2021, in connection with the Business Combinations we paid the financial consulting firm total cash consideration of million, for consummation of the senior financing. 
 Membership Redemptions and Due to Member 
 In November 2020, one of our subsidiaries entered into a redemption agreement with a member for million. Consideration for the redemption agreement is in the form of a note payable that is non-interest bearing, nonsecured, and payable upon demand. The note was repaid in full during the three months ended March 31, 2021. 
 F-41 

Table of Contents 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Total 
 
 11. 
 Liabilities: Derivative liability Warrant liability 
 F-42 

Table of Contents 

 Liabilities: Derivative liability Warrant liability 
 Money Market Funds 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, our cash equivalents consisted of money market funds which were classified as Level 1. We used observable prices in active markets in determining the classification of our money market funds as Level 1. There were no transfers between the hierarchy levels during the year ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

December 31, 2021 (In thousands) Amortized Cost Unrealized Gain Unrealized Loss Fair Value Cash equivalents: Money market funds 
 
 Derivative Liability 
 In accounting for the 2026 Notes (see Note 10, Debt , for further information), we bifurcated and accounted for the conversion option as a derivative measured at fair value on the issuance date in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the deriv ative was million and million, respectively, all of which were included in derivative liability, non current, in the consolidated balance sheets. Total other income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, included a million and million gain on the fair value of the derivative liability, respectively. 
 Volatility Risk free rate Exercise price Expected life (in years) Conversion periods years- years 
 - years 
 Future share price - 
 - 
 
 F-43 

Table of Contents 

 Issuance Settlement ) Change in fair value ) ) Fair value, end of period 
 The settlement is included in loss on extinguishment of debt in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Private Placement Warrants and PIPE Warrants 
 We have classified the Private Placement Warrants and PIPE Warrants (see Note 12, Capital Structure as liabilities at fair value, due to their redemption characteristics, with subsequent changes in their fair values to be recognized in the consolidated financial statements at each reporting date. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and the PIPE Warrants was determined to be per warrant, totaling thousand and thousand, respectively, and are included in warrant liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. As of December 31, 2021, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants and the PIPE Warrants was determined to be per warrant, totaling million and million respectively, and are included in warrant liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a million gain due to the fair value changes in the Private Placement Warrants, and a million gain due to fair value changes in the PIPE Warrants, both of which are included in gain in the fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statement of operations. During the year ended December 31, 2021, we recorded a million gain due to the fair value changes in the Private Placement Warrants, and a million gain due to the fair value changes in the PIPE Warrants, both of which are included in gain in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 There were no transfers between fair value levels during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 
 12. 
 GigCapital2 shares) as discussed in Note 3, Business Combinations . 
 Preferred Stock 
 Our Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of shares of preferred stock, par value with such designation, rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by our board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 there were shares of preferred stock outstanding. 
 F-44 

Table of Contents 

 shares of common stock, par value of . As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. As of December 31, 2021, there were shares of common stock issued and outstanding. 
 As discussed in Note 1, Organization and Business , we have retroactively adjusted the shares issued and outstanding prior to December 8, 2022, to give effect to the 10:1 Reverse Stock Split. 
 As discussed in Note 3, Business Combinations , we have retroactively adjusted the shares issued and outstanding prior to June 9, 2021 to give effect to the exchange ratio established in the business combinations agreement to determine the number of shares of common stock into which they were converted. 
 On October 7, 2021, we completed an offering of shares of our common stock, par value per share, at a public offering price of per share, less underwriting discounts and commissions. In addition, during October 2021, the underwriters exercised their option to purchase additional shares of our common stock at the public offering price, less underwriting discounts and commissions. The gross proceeds we received from this offering was million, before underwriting discounts and commissions and estimated offering expenses of million. 
 Common Stock Reserved for Future Issuance 
 Stock options outstanding Shares issuable upon conversion of 2025 Notes Shares issuable upon conversion of 2026 Notes Shares issuable upon conversion of Public Warrants Shares issuable upon conversion of Private Warrants Shares issuable upon conversion of PIPE Warrants Shares available for future grant under 2021 EIP 
 Public Warrants 
 Warrants (the Public Warrants issued in connection with GigCapital2 s initial public offering are exercisable for per share (on a post-reverse split basis), and the exercise price and number of Public Warrant shares issuable on exercise of the Public Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a stock dividend, extraordinary dividend or recapitalization, reorganization, merger, or consolidation of GigCapital2 (now UpHealth, Inc.). 
 Each Public Warrant will become exercisable on the later of days after the completion of the Business Combinations or months from the closing of GigCapital2 s initial public offering and will expire after the completion of the Business Combinations or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. If UpHealth is unable to deliver registered shares of common stock to the holder upon exercise of the Public Warrants during the exercise period, there will be no net cash settlement of these Public Warrants and the Public Warrants will expire worthless, unless they may be exercised on a cashless basis in the circumstances described in the warrant agreement. Once the Public Warrants become exercisable, UpHealth may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants in whole and not in part at a price of per Public Warrant (on a post-reverse split basis) upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption, only in the event that the last sale price of UpHealth s shares of common stock equals or exceeds per share for any trading days within the -trading day period ending on the third trading day before UpHealth sends the notice of redemption to the Public Warrant holders. 
 Under the terms of the warrant agreement, UpHealth has agreed to use its best efforts to file a new registration statement under the Securities Act, following the completion of the initial business combination, for the registration of the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants included in private placement units. 
 F-45 

Table of Contents 

 warrants outstanding, including Public Warrants, Private Placement Warrants, and PIPE Warrants (on a post-reverse split basis) (see Private Placement and Pipe Subscription Agreements below). 
 Founder Shares 
 During the period from March 6, 2019 (date of GigiCapital2 s inception) to March 12, 2019, GigCapital2 s sponsor and Northland Gig2 Investment LLC purchased shares of GigCapital2 common stock (the Founder Shares for an aggregate purchase price of , or per share. In April 2019, GigCapital2 effected a stock dividend of shares of common stock for each outstanding share of common stock, resulting in the sponsor and Northland Gig2 Investment LLC holding an aggregate of shares of its common stock. Subsequently, the sponsor and Northland Gig2 Investment LLC sold shares and shares, respectively, to EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and the EarlyBird Group, collectively, for an aggregate purchase price of , or per share. In June 2019, GigCapital2 effected a stock dividend of shares of common stock for each outstanding share of common stock, resulting in the sponsor, Northland Gig2 Investment LLC, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., and the EarlyBird Group holding an aggregate of shares of its common stock as of December 31, 2022. The Founder Shares are identical to the common stock included in the Units sold in GigCapital2 s initial public offering except that the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below. 
 
 Private Placement 
 The GigCapital2 (now UpHealth, Inc.) founders purchased in a private placement sale (the Private Placement , that occurred simultaneously with the completion of the closing of the GigCapital2 initial public offering, an aggregate of units (the Private Placement Units at a price of per unit (on a post-reverse split basis) . The founders also purchased from GigCapital2 an aggregate of private placement units at a price of per unit (on a post-reverse split basis) in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of the second closing of the GigCapital2 initial public offering with the exercise of the over-allotment option, for a total of Private Placement Units. Among the Private Placement Units, units (on a post-reverse split basis) were purchased by GigCapital2's sponsor, units (on a post-reverse split basis) were purchased by EarlyBirdCapital, Inc., a GigCapital2 underwriter, and units (on a post-reverse split basis) were purchased by Northland Gig2 Investment LLC, a GigCapital2 underwriter. Each Private Placement Unit consists of share of GigCapital2 s common stock, par value, warrant, and right to receive one-twentieth (1/20) of a share of common stock upon the consummation of GigCapital2 s initial business combination. Warrants (the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable for per share (on a post-reverse split basis) , and the exercise price of the Private Placement Warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances as described in terms of the warrant agreement. 
 Northland Gig2 Investment LLC purchased private underwriter shares (the Private Underwriter Shares ), at a purchase price of per share in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of the initial closing of the GigCapital2 initial public offering. Northland Gig2 Investment LLC also purchased from GigCapital2 an aggregate of Private Underwriter Shares at a price of per share in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the completion of the second closing of the GigCapital2 initial public offering with the exercise of the over-allotment option. The Private Underwriter Shares are identical to the shares of common stock included in the Private Placement Units. 
 We accounted for the Private Placement Warrants as liabilities at fair value (see Note 11, Fair Value of Financial Instruments on the consolidated balance sheets, due to their redemption characteristics, with changes in fair value recognized as a component of other income (expen se) in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the Private Placement Warrants was thousand, which is included in warrant liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a million gain due to the fair value changes in the Private Placement Warrants, which is included in gain in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 PIPE Subscription Agreements 
 
 On January 20, 2021, GigCapital2 (now UpHealth, Inc.) entered into subscription agreements, each dated January 20, 2021 and amended June 8, 2021 (the PIPE Subscription Agreements ), with certain institutional investors (collectively the PIPE Investors ), pursuant to which GigCapital2 agreed to issue and sell to the PIPE Investors, in private placements to close immediately prior to the closing of the Business Combinations, an aggregate of shares (the PIPE Shares at per share, plus warrants to purchase up to an additional shares of common stock warrant for every 10 PIPE Shares purchased) at an exercise price of per share (the PIPE Warrants ), for an aggregate purchase price of million (collectively the PIPE Investment ). The PIPE Investment was consummated immediately prior to the closing of the Business 
 F-46 

Table of Contents 

 million, net of placement fee costs of million. 
 We accounted for the PIPE Warrants as liabilities at fair value (see Note 11, Fair Value of Financial Instruments in the consolidated balance sheets, due to their redemption characteristics, with changes in fair value recognized in gain (loss) on fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the PIPE Warrants was thousand, which is included in warrant liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recorded a million gain due to the fair value changes in the PIPE Warrants, which is included in gain in fair value of warrant liabilities in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 Private Placement 
 On March 9, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, with a single institutional investor, pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell (i) shares of our common stock, par value per share (the Shares (ii) warrants that are exercisable from the date of issuance and will have a term of from the initial exercise date to purchase up to an additional shares of our common stock (the Series A Warrants (iii) warrants that are exercisable from the date of issuance and will have a term of from the initial exercise date to purchase up to an additional shares of our common stock (the Series B Warrants and, collectively with Series A Warrants, the Common Stock Purchase Warrants and (iv) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants, and together with the Common Stock Purchase Warrants, the Private Placement Warrants to purchase an additional shares of our common stock (all of such shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants), in a private placement (the Private Placement ). On March 13, 2023, we completed the closing of the Private Placement. The purchase price of each Share was , the exercise price of each Common Stock Purchase Warrant is , and the exercise price of each Pre-Funded Warrant is , and the purchase price of each Pre-Funded Warrant was . The aggregate gross proceeds to us from the Private Placement were approximately , before deducting the placement agent fees and other offering expenses. We intend to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital. 
 Forward Share Purchase Agreement 
 On June 3, 2021, we entered into a forward share purchase agreement (the Purchase Agreement with Kepos Alpha Fund L.P. KAF ), a Cayman Islands limited partnership, pursuant to which KAF may elect to sell and transfer to us and we will purchase from KAF, on September 8, 2021 or, in KAF s sole discretion, any one calendar month anniversary of that date (the Closing Date ), up to shares of our common stock (on a post-reverse split basis) that are held by KAF at the closing of the Business Combinations. In August 2021, we entered into an amendment to the Purchase Agreement, which deferred the Closing Date to no earlier than January 9, 2022, provided if (a) we issue any new equity securities, whether of existing or new classes, or (b) an event occurs having a material adverse effect on our management operations, KAF will have the right to designate a Closing Date following such issuance or occurrence on business days' notice to us. The per share price at which KAF has the right to sell the KAF Shares to us is (a) per KAF Share, plus (b) in the event that the Closing Date occurs after September 8, 2021, per KAF Share for each month (prorated for a partial month) following September 8, 2021. 
 On January 7, 2022, we entered into a second amendment to the Purchase Agreement, which deferred the Closing Date to no earlier than April 9, 2022, provided if (a) we issue any new equity securities, whether of existing or new classes, or (b) an event occurs having a material adverse effect on our management operations, KAF will have the right to designate a Closing Date following such issuance or occurrence on business days' notice to us. The per share price at which KAF has the right to sell the KAF Shares to us is (a) per KAF Share, plus (b) in the event that the Closing Date occurs after January 9, 2022, per KAF Share for each month (prorated for a partial month) following January 9, 2022. 
 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the Purchase Agreement, KAF is allowed at its election to sell any or all of the KAF Shares in the open market commencing after the closing of the Business Combinations, as long as the sales price is above per Share. Nothing in the Purchase Agreement prohibits or restricts KAF with respect to the purchase or sale of our warrants. In exchange for our commitment to purchase the KAF Shares on the Closing Date, KAF agreed to continue to hold, and not offer, sell, contract to sell, pledge, transfer, assign, or otherwise dispose of, directly or indirectly, or hedge (including any transactions involving any derivative securities and including any Short Sales (as defined below) involving any of our securities) the KAF Shares prior to Closing Date. Short Sales include, without limitation, all short sales as defined in Rule 200 promulgated under Regulation SHO under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ), whether or not against the box, and all types of direct and indirect stock pledges, forward sales contracts, options, puts, calls, short sales, swaps, put equivalent positions (as defined in Rule 16a-1(h) under the Exchange Act) and similar arrangements (including on a total return basis), and sales and other transactions through non-U.S. broker dealers or foreign regulated brokers. KAF is 
 F-47 

Table of Contents 

 shares, at per share, of our common stock ((on a post-reverse split basis) that KAF may elect to sell and transfer to us and we will repurchase from KAF, plus imputed interest, totaling million as of December 31, 2021. In October 2021, as agreed with KAF, we transferred million to an escrow account, which is included in restricted cash in the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2021. 
 In April 2022, in accordance with the Purchase Agreement, KAF transferred the shares of our common stock (such amount prior to the reverse split of shares) to us and we transferred to KAF the million in cash previously held in escrow and million of interest . 
 Equity Plans 
 Thrasys 2019 Stock Incentive Plan 
 Contemporaneous with its merger with UpHealth Holdings on November 20, 2020, Thrasys entered into stock compensation agreements with employees pursuant to the Thrasys 2019 Stock Incentive Plan, a Restricted Stock Award RSA agreement, and a Restricted Stock Unit RSU award agreement, and awarded RSA shares and RSU shares to employees. On June 9, 2021, in connection with the Business Combinations, the RSAs and RSUs were settled with a combination of shares of UpHealth common stock and proceeds from the seller notes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding awards under the Thrasys 2019 Stock Incentive Plan. 
 Cloudbreak 2015 Incentive Plan 
 On June 19, 2015, Cloudbreak created the 2015 Unit Incentive Plan (the Cloudbreak Plan ), which had a maximum aggregate number of common units. Cloudbreak measures the cost of employee services received in exchange for an award of equity instruments based on the grant-date fair value of the award. The cost is recognized over the period during which an employee is required to provide service in exchange for the award the requisite service period. 
 Upon completion of the Business Combinations, UpHealth assumed options with a fair value of million, which were included in purchase consideration, and unvested options with a fair value of million, which are subject to continued vesting and will be recorded as stock-based compensation prospectively; and Cloudbreak ceased granting awards under the Cloudbreak Plan. 
 Options granted Options exercised ) Options forfeited or expired Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 Options exercised ) Options forfeited or expired ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest as of December 31, 2022 Exercisable as of December 31, 2022 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to stock options, expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of . 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 
 On June 4, 2021, the GigCapital2 stockholders considered and approved the 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 2021 EIP and reserved shares (on a post-reverse split basis) of UpHealth common stock for issuance thereunder. The 2021 EIP was previously approved, subject to stockholder approval, by the Board of Directors of GigCapital2 on February 7, 2021. The 
 F-48 

Table of Contents of the total number of shares of our common stock outstanding on such date, and (ii) such lesser number of shares as may be determined by our Board of Directors. On January 1, 2022, the number of shares of common stock reserved for issuance under the 2021 EIP was automatically increased by shares (on a post-reverse split basis). 
 In conjunction with the approval of the 2021 EIP, our Board of Directors also adopted a form of Restricted Stock Units Agreement (the RSU Agreement and a form of Stock Option Agreement (the Stock Option Agreement that we will generally use for grants under our 2021 EIP. The RSU Agreement provides that restricted stock units will vest over a fixed period and be paid as shares of common stock, and that the unvested restricted stock units will expire upon certain terminations of the grantees employment or other service relationship with us. The Stock Option Agreement provides that stock options will vest over a fixed period, and that the unvested options will expire upon certain terminations of the grantees employment or other service relationship with us. 
 In August 2021, under the terms of the merger agreement with Thrasys and upon the filing of a Form S-8 with the SEC on August 12, 2021, we granted RSUs (on a post-reverse split basis) to officers of Thrasys, which fully vested on June 9, 2022. These RSUs had a fair value of million, which was included in purchase consideration. In September 2021, we issued shares (on a post-reverse split basis) of restricted stock to a consultant. 
 We had and shares available for grant as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 RSUs granted RSUs vested and issued ) RSUs forfeited Outstanding as of December 31, 2021 RSUs granted RSUs vested and issued ) RSUs forfeited ) Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was million of unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to RSUs, expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of . 
 Stock-based Compensation 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recorded stock-based compensation expense totaling million and million, respectively, all of which was attributed to our general and administrative function. 
 
 13. ) Foreign ) Total ) ) 
 F-49 

Table of Contents 

 State Foreign Total current expense Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred benefit ) ) Income tax benefit ) )) ) Federal statutory income tax ) ) State income tax, net of federal benefit ) ) Foreign differential rate ) ) Goodwill impairment ) ) Transactions costs ) ) Permanently disallowed interest expense ) - Valuation allowance ) Deconsolidation of subsidiary ) Other ) ) Effective income tax rate ) ) 
 F-50 

Table of Contents 

Transactions costs Net operating loss carryforwards Stock compensation Allowance of doubtful accounts Disallowed interest expense Unrealized (gain) loss from fair market value adjustment on derivatives ) Investment in Glocal Other Total deferred tax assets Deferred Tax Liabilities Property, plant and equipment ) ) Intangibles ) ) Convertible debt accretion ) Other ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Less: Valuation allowance ) Net deferred tax asset (liability) ) ) 
 
 We evaluate our deferred tax assets periodically to determine if valuation allowances are required. Ultimately, the realization of deferred tax assets is dependent upon generation of future taxable income during those periods in which temporary differences become deductible and/or tax attributes can be utilized. To this end, we consider the level of historical taxable income, the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, tax-planning strategies, and projected future taxable income. Based on these above considerations, we believe it is more likely than not that a portion of the benefit from the deferred tax assets will not be realized, and as such has recorded a valuation allowance of million against our deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 As a result of the deconsolidation of Glocal (see Note 1, Organization and Business , for further information), deferred tax liabilities related to certain intangibles were written off, and we recorded a deferred tax asset related to the book to tax basis difference in the Glocal investment. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of federal net operating loss NOL carryforward and million of state NOL carryforward. The federal NOL carryforward will carry forward indefinitely. The state NOL carryforward will begin expiring in 2032. A valuation allowance has been recorded against these deferred tax assets. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, we had accumulated unremitted earnings from foreign subsidiaries. 
 
 Changes for prior year tax positions ) Ending balance 
 
 F-51 

Table of Contents 

 million of total unrecognized tax benefits, all of which was related to the foreign operations of Glocal. As Glocal was deconsolidated from the group as of June 30, 2022, the uncertain tax positions of this entity are no longer considered within the consolidated financial statements, and therefore as of December 31, 2022 there are material uncertain tax positions recorded. 
 
 The Internal Revenue Service IRS audited Thrasys 2008 and 2009 tax returns for the proper year of inclusion of approximately million long-term capital gain on the sale of certain intellectual property rights. Thrasys originally reported the gain on its 2010 S Corporation tax return, matching the year of inclusion for financial accounting purposes. The corporate level tax was paid to California and Thrasys passed the gain through to its shareholders. The IRS has asserted that Thrasys owes C Corporation tax of approximately million for 2008, or in the alternative, Thrasys owes C Corporation tax of approximately million for 2009 as a built in gain. In addition, Thrasys could be assessed additional California franchise tax of approximately million. Additionally, if additional income taxes are imposed, interest will be charged at approximately per year, compounded annually, resulting in potential interest of approximately million. The IRS has not asked that penalties be imposed. 
 The matter is currently pending before the U.S. Tax Court, Docket 11565-15. There are related tax cases for some of the shareholders for additional income taxes due if the gain is shifted to 2009. On December 4, 2018, the IRS filed a motion for summary judgment in Thrasys, Inc. v. Commissioner (T.C. Memo 2018-199); however, Thrasys prevailed, and the motion was denied. In January 2020, Thrasys filed a motion for summary judgment arguing that either the gain was properly reported in 2010 and all taxes have been paid or in the alternative it should have been taxable in 2009 with no built-in gains tax. In both cases, there would be no additional income tax due for 2008 or 2009. The IRS filed an objection to Thrasys motion. On March 3, 2021, the U.S. Tax Court, without consideration of the merits of the case, issued a very brief court order dismissing Thrasys motion. Had the motion been granted, the need for a trial would have been obviated. Counsel for the IRS has contacted counsel for Thrasys and has offered to join Thrasys in a motion to have the case decided without trial. This and other alternatives are now under consideration. Thrasys intends to vigorously defend its position in the case and believes it will prevail if the case is taken to trial. Thrasys has accrued million representing probable additional taxes and interest imposed, in other current liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Our tax years remain open to examination from 2008 in the U.S. 
 
 14.) ) Denominator: Weighted average shares outstanding (1)(2) 
 Net loss per share attributable to UpHealth, Inc.: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) 
 (1) The shares and earnings per share available to our common stockholders, prior to the Business Combinations, have been recast to reflect the exchange ratio established in the Business Combinations (1.0 UpHealth Holdings share to GigCapital2 share). See Note 3, Business Combinations , for more information. 
 (2) The shares and earnings per share as of December 31, 2022 and before that date differ from those published in our prior consolidated financial statements as they were retrospectively adjusted as a result of the Reverse Stock Split (as described in Note 1, Organization and Business ). 
 F-52 

Table of Contents 

 million shares of common stock at per share; million stock options; million of RSUs; 2025 Notes convertible into million shares of common stock at a conversion price, subject to the occurrence of certain corporate events, of per share; 2026 Notes convertible into million shares of common stock at per share; and million shares of treasury stock acquired under the terms of the forward share purchase agreement, because the effect would be anti-dilutive. 
 For the year ended December 31, 2021, the calculation of dilutive earnings per share excluded outstanding warrants to purchase million shares of common stock at per share; million of stock options; million of RSUs, 2026 Notes, convertible into million shares of common stock at per share; and million shares of treasury stock acquired under the terms of the forward share purchase agreement, because the effect would be anti-dilutive. 

15. 
 defined contribution plans, which cover substantially all employees, as of December 31, 2021. During fiscal year 2022, we migrated from defined contribution plans to , covering substantially all employees. The plans provide for discretionary matching and profit-sharing contributions. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were million and employer matching contributions to the plans, respectively. 
 In addition, with the acquisition of Glocal, we acquired a defined benefit plan, which entitles an employee, who has rendered at least of continuous service, to receive one-half month s salary for each year of completed service at the time of retirement/exit. As of December 31, 2021, the unfunded status of the defined benefit plan was thousand. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the net periodic pension cost of the defined benefit plan was million. 

16. 
 million. The amount was paid in full during the three months ended June 30, 2021. 
 The subsidiary also has a management agreement with a related party (our chief financial officer, who is the former shareholder and chairman of the subsidiary). Management fee expenses incurred were approximately and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. There were unpaid management fees as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 The consulting firm noted in Note 10, Debt , is a related party through an officer of the Company, who is also a significant shareholder and a member of our board of directors. 
 See Note 10, Debt , for related party long-term debt. 
 See Note 19, Commitments and Contingencies , for leases with related parties. 
 We make guaranteed payments to related parties. Guaranteed payments aggregated million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These amounts are presented in cost of revenues in the consolidated statement of operations. We had unpaid guaranteed payments of million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which is included in accrued liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 Due to related parties 
 F-53 

Table of Contents 

 17. 
 operating business segments and non-operating business segment: 
 Integrated Care Management through our Thrasys subsidiary; 
 Virtual Care Infrastructure through our Cloudbreak and Glocal subsidiaries (1); 
 Services through our TTC, BHS, and Innovations Group subsidiaries; and 
 Corporate through UpHealth and our UpHealth Holdings subsidiary. 
 (1) As discussed in Note 1, Organization and Business , we deconsolidated Glocal during the three months ended September 30, 2022; therefore, the financial results of Glocal as of December 31, 2021, the period from March 26, 2021 to December 31, 2021, and the period from January 1, 2022 to June 30, 2022 are included in our consolidated financial statements, and the financial results of Glocal as of December 31, 2022 and for the period from July 1, 2022 to December 31, 2022 are not included in our consolidated financial statements. 
 In our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the six-months ended June 30, 2021, we reported our revenues, gross margin and total assets into operating business segments and non-operating business segment. As a result of the integration and alignment of the businesses, in the three months ended September 30, 2021, we began operating along business segments and reported financial information for the following segments: Integrated Care Management, Virtual Care Infrastructure, and Services. The Services segment includes the behavioral health and pharmacy business units. 
 The reportable segments are consistent with how management views our services and products and the financial information reviewed by the chief operating decision makers. We manage our businesses as components of an enterprise for which separate information is available and is evaluated regularly by the chief operating decision makers in deciding how to allocate resources and assess performance. 
 In the Integrated Care Management segment, we provide our customers with an advanced, comprehensive, and extensible technology platform, marketed under the umbrella SyntraNet TM to manage health, quality of care, and costs, especially for individuals with complex medical, behavioral health, and social needs. 
 In the Virtual Care Infrastructure segment, we provide technology and process-based healthcare platforms providing our customers comprehensive primary care, specialty consultations, and translation services, through telemedicine, digital dispensaries, and technology-based hospital centers. 
 In the Services segment, we provide custom compounded medications for the unique needs of every patient and prescriber. We are a full-service pharmacy filling prescriptions from our inventory of compounded medications, as well as drugs purchased from manufacturers. Additionally, we provide inpatient and outpatient substance abuse and mental health treatment services for individuals with drug and alcohol addiction and other behavioral health issues. We offer a complete continuum of care from detoxification services, residential care, partial hospitalization programs, and intensive outpatient and outpatient programs. 
 In the Corporate segment, we perform executive, administrative, finance, human resources, legal, and information technology services for UpHealth, Inc. and for its subsidiaries, managed in a corporate shared services environment. Since they are not the responsibility of segment operating management, they are not allocated to the operating segments and instead reported within Corporate. 
 We evaluate performance based on several factors, of which Revenues, Cost of Revenues, Adjusted EBITDA, and Total Assets by service and product, are the primary financial measures: 
 Virtual Care Infrastructure Services Total revenues 
 
 Gross margin by segment consisted of the following: 
 
 F-54 

Table of Contents 

 Virtual Care Infrastructure Services Total gross margin 
 
 Total assets by segment consisted of the following: 
 
 In thousands December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Integrated Care Management Virtual Care Infrastructure Services Corporate Total assets 
 
 Asia Total assets 

18. 
 
 to years at inception of the contract and the term for equipment leases ranges from to years at the inception of the contract. Most real estate leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal terms that generally can extend the lease term from to years. 
 
 We elected the package of transitional practical expedients, under which we (1) did not reassess whether any expired or existing contracts are or contain leases, (2) we did not reassess the lease classification for any expired or existing leases and (3) we did not reassess initial direct costs for any existing leases. Additionally, we elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases that qualify, meaning it does not recognize right-of-use assets or lease liabilities for those leases. We also elected the practical expedient to not separate lease and non-lease components for all asset classes. 

F-55 

Table of Contents 

 Interest on lease liabilities Operating lease costs Short-term lease costs Variable lease costs Sublease income ) ) Total lease costs 
 
 Operating lease right-of-use assets Total leased assets Liabilities Lease liabilities, current: Finance lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Lease liabilities, current Lease liabilities, noncurrent: Finance lease liabilities Operating lease liabilities Lease liabilities, noncurrent Total leased liabilities 
 
 Accumulated amortization related to the finance lease assets was million as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 N/A Operating leases Weighted-average discount rate: Finance leases N/A Operating leases 
 
 F-56 

Table of Contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest Present value of lease liabilities Lease liabilities included in Liabilities Held for Sale (see Note 4) ) ) Total lease liabilities 
 
 Prior to the adoption of ASC 2016-02, Leases , the following was disclosed in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. Our contractual operating lease commitments and buyout obligations were as follows: 
 
 Capital lease transactions 
 
 Liabilities Current: obligations under capital leases Noncurrent: obligations under capital leases 
 
 2023 2024 Less: Interest ) 
 
 Total rent expense under related party and third-party agreements was approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Total sublease income under third-party agreements was approximately million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 F-57 

Table of Contents 

 million related to offices where we vacated the spaces during the period. 
 
 19. 
 million, plus interest, is owed in fees. Based on consultation with legal counsel, we previously proposed a settlement in the amount of million, which has been accrued for as of December 31, 2022, and is included in accrued expenses in the consolidated balance sheets. The amount of the ultimate loss may range from million to million. 
 Indemnification 

20. 
 of the outstanding capital stock of our wholly owned subsidiary, Innovations Group, to Belmar MidCo, Inc., a Delaware corporation and a wholly owned subsidiary of Belmar Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, a portfolio company of Webster Capital IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, pursuant to a Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 26, 2023. The transactions are expected to close in the second quarter of 2023, subject to the completion of required regulatory filings. 
 PIPE Offering 
 On March 9, 2023, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement, with a single institutional investor, pursuant to which we agreed to issue and sell (i) shares of our common stock, par value per share; (ii) warrants that are exercisable from the date of issuance and will have a term of from the initial exercise date to purchase up to an additional shares of our common stock (the Series A Warrants (iii) warrants that are exercisable from the date of issuance and will have a term of from the initial exercise date to purchase up to an additional shares of our common stock (the Series B Warrants and, collectively with Series A Warrants, the Common Stock Purchase Warrants and (iv) pre-funded warrants (the Pre-Funded Warrants, and together with the Common Stock Purchase Warrants, the Warrants to purchase an additional shares of our common stock (all of such shares issuable upon exercise of the Warrants, the Warrant Shares ), in a private placement (the Private Placement ). 
 
 F-58 

Table of Contents 

 , the exercise price of each Common Stock Purchase Warrant is , and the exercise price of each Pre-Funded Warrant is and the purchase price of each Pre-Funded Warrant was . The aggregate gross proceeds to us from the Private Placement were approximately , before deducting the placement agent fees and other offering expenses. We intend to use the net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes, including working capital. 
 F-59 

Table of Contents 

 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Our Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain a system of disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Exchange Act that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer CEO and Chief Financial Officer CFO ), as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and CFO, evaluated the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation, our CEO and CFO concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, because of a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, as described below. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 As discussed elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we completed the Business Combinations on June 9, 2021. Prior to the Business Combinations, we were a special purpose acquisition company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization, or other similar Business Combination with one or more target businesses. As a result, the internal controls of UpHealth Holdings became our internal controls and were deemed not comprehensive enough as our operations prior to the Business Combinations were insignificant compared to those of the consolidated entity post-Business Combinations. 
 The design and implementation of internal control over financial reporting post-Business Combinations has required and will continue to require significant time and resources from management and other personnel. Because of this, the design and ongoing development of our framework for implementation and evaluation of internal control over financial reporting has ultimately enabled management to conduct an assessment of the effectiveness of UpHealth s internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. Accordingly, we are including herein management s report on internal control over financial reporting pursuant to the SEC s Regulation S-K 308(a). 
 
 Previously Identified Material Weaknesses in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 
 During the course of the prior year assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting for the year ended December 31, 2021, our management concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal controls over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2021 due to the following material weaknesses: 
 Lack of appropriately designed entity-level controls impacting the control environment and monitoring activities to prevent or detect material misstatements to the consolidated financial statements; 
 Lack of appropriately designed information technology general controls ITGCs in the areas of user access and segregation of duties, including controls over the recording of journal entries and safeguarding of assets, related to certain information technology systems that support our financial reporting process; and 
 Lack of appropriately designed and implemented controls over the following: 
 Recording of revenue in accordance with ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, at certain subsidiaries. Specifically, we had errors in our revenue recognition pertaining to the determination of whether a contract exists, the identification of performance obligations, and the timing and amount of revenue to be recognized; 
 93 

Table of Contents 

 Completeness of accruals in the purchase to disbursement process and the payroll process at certain subsidiaries; 
 Segregation of duties and monitoring controls over the treasury cycle at certain subsidiaries; 
 Financial statement close process at certain subsidiaries to ensure the consistent execution, accuracy, and timely review of account reconciliations; and 
 Financial statement preparation process that involves the use of a spreadsheet and manually consolidating all subsidiaries. 
 There were no misstatements identified in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2021 as a result of these material weaknesses. 
 
 Management s Remediation Efforts in 2022 
 To address the material weaknesses described above that we identified as of December 31, 2021, we implemented measures designed to improve our internal controls over financial reporting during the year ended December 31, 2022. These measures included enhancing our internal and external technical accounting resources and engaging third party consultants for the formalization of our internal procedures, and implementing a new enterprise resource planning ERP system. As of December 31, 2022, all of the U.S. entities are live on the ERP system. We completed documentation and tests of design and tests of operational effectiveness of our entity-level controls, certain areas of our ITGCs, and controls over our business processes, and we remediated control gaps identified and performed tests of operating effectiveness on remediated items. 
 As a result of our remediation efforts, our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our CEO and our CFO and oversight of the Board of Directors, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that as of December 31, 2022, we no longer have the material weaknesses in internal controls over financial reporting described above for entity-level controls and business process controls, which we previously identified existed as of December 31, 2021; however, our management also concluded that the previously identified material weakness in our ITGCs in the areas of user access, segregation of duties, and change management related to certain information technology systems that support our financial reporting process were not remediated as of December 31, 2022, and that the material weakness remains for these ITGCs. Further remediation of the non-remediated portions of the material weakness in our ITGCs is ongoing and our objective is to complete such remediation efforts by June 2023. 
 There were no misstatements identified in the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022 as a result of this material weakness. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Other than the remediation efforts described above, there was no change in our internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the fourth quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Inherent Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 
 
 The effectiveness of any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, is subject to inherent limitations, including the exercise of judgment in designing, implementing, operating, and evaluating the controls and procedures, and the inability to eliminate misconduct completely. Accordingly, in designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures, management recognizes that any system of internal control over financial reporting, including ours, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of disclosure controls and procedures must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and that management is required to apply its judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Moreover, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. We intend to continue to monitor and upgrade our internal controls as necessary or appropriate for our business, but cannot assure you that such improvements will be sufficient to provide us with effective internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 94 

Table of Contents 

 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 95 

Table of Contents 

 PART III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information concerning our directors, executive officers, compliance with Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and corporate governance required by this Item 10 of Form 10-K is incorporated by reference from the information contained in a Form 10-K/A, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 The information required by Item 11 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from the information contained in a Form 10-K/A, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by Item 12 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from the information contained in a Form 10-K/A, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 The information required by Item 13 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from the information contained in a Form 10-K/A, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 The information required by Item 14 of Form 10-K is incorporated herein by reference from the information contained in a Form 10-K/A, which is expected to be filed within 120 days after our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 96 

Table of Contents 

 PART IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Exhibits . 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 UpHealth Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2020 (as amended by the First Amendment , dated as of January 29, 2021, the Second Amendment, dated as of March 23, 2021, and the Third Amendment, dated as of April 23, 2021), by and among GigCapital2, Inc., UpHealth Merger Sub, Inc. and UpHealth Holdings, Inc. (included as Annex A to GigCapital2, Inc. s Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed with the SEC under Rule 424(b)(3) on May 13, 2021). 
 2.2 Cloudbreak Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2020 (as amended by the Amendment, dated as of April 23, 2021), by and among GigCapital2, Inc., Cloudbreak Health Merger Sub, LLC. Cloudbreak Health, LLC, solely with respect to Section 7.15, Chirinjeev Kathuria and Mariya Pylypiv and UpHealth Holdings, Inc., and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (included as Annex B to GigCapital2, Inc. s Proxy Statement/Prospectus filed with the SEC under Rule 424(b)(3) on May 13, 2021). 
 2.3 Fourth Amendment to Business Combination Agreement, dated as of May 30, 2021, by and among GigCapital2, Inc., UpHealth Holdings, Inc. and UpHealth Merger Sub, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 2, 2021). 
 2.4 Second Amendment, dated as of June 9, 2021, to the Business Combination Agreement, dated as of November 20, 2020, by and among GigCapital2, Inc., Cloudbreak Health, LLC, Cloudbreak Health Merger Sub, LLC, solely with respect to Section 7.15, Chirinjeev Kathuria and Mariya Pylypiv and UpHealth Holdings, Inc., and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.4 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 
 2.5 Share Purchase Agreement, dated as of October 30, 2020, by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc., Glocal Healthcare Systems Private Limited and certain other parties thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.13 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed by UpHealth on May 6, 2021) . 
 2.6 Amendment Agreement to Share Purchase Agreement by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc., Glocal Healthcare Systems Private Limited and certain other parties thereto, dated as of November 30, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.14 to the Registration Statement on Form S-4/A filed by UpHealth on May 6, 2021). 
 3.1 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of UpHealth, Inc. as amended by the Certificate of Amendment effective December 8, 2022. 
 3.2 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of UpHealth, Inc., effective August 22, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to UpHealth , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 24, 2022). 
 4.1 Specimen Common Stock Certificate of UpHealth, Inc. 
 4.2 Specimen Warrant Certificate of GigCapital2, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 of GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-1/A filed with the SEC on May 22, 2019). 

4.3 Amended and Restated Warrant Agreement, dated June 9, 2021, by and between GigCapital2, Inc. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 
 4.4 Indenture, dated June 9, 2021, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association, in its capacity as trustee thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 
 4.5 Indenture, dated August 18, 2022, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association, in its capacity as trustee thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to UpHealth , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19, 2022). 
 
 97 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 4.6 Form of Series A Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2023). 
 4.7 Form of Series B Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2023). 
 4.8 Form of Pre-Funded Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 9, 2023). 
 10.1 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 2, 2020, by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc., UpHealth BHS Merger Sub, Inc., Behavioral Health Service s , LLC and AM Physicians LLC (included as Exhibit 2. 6 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.2 Waiver and First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 20, 2020, by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc., UpHealth BHS Merger Sub, Inc., BHS Merger Sub 1, LLC, Behavioral Health Service s , LLC and AM Physicians LLC (included as Exhibit 2.4 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.3 Second Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 6, 2021, by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc., Behavioral Health Service s , LLC and AM Physicians LLC (included as Exhibit 2.5 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.4 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 2, 2020, by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc., UpHealth MedQuest Merger Sub, Inc., Innovations Group, Inc. and Jeffery R. Bray (included as Exhibit 2.3 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.5 First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 19, 2021, by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc., UpHealth MedQuest Merger Sub, Inc., Innovations Group, Inc. and Jeff e r y R. Bray (included as Exhibit 2.7 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.6 Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of November 20, 2020, by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc., UpHealth Thrasys Merger Sub, Inc., Thrasys, Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (included as Exhibit 2.8 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.7 First Amendment to Amended and Restated Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 17, 2021, by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc., Thrasys, Inc. and Shareholder Representative Services LLC (included as Exhibit 2.9 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.8 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dat ed as of October 30, 2020, by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc., UpHealth TTC Merger Sub, Inc., TTC Healthcare, Inc. and TTC Healthcare Partners, LLC (included as Exhibit 2.10 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.9 Waiver and First Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of January 25, 2021, by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc., UpHealth TTC Merger Sub, Inc., TTC Healthcare, Inc. and TTC Healthcare Partners, LLC (included as Exhibit 2.11 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.10 Second Amendment to Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of February 8, 2021, by and among UpHealth Holdings, Inc. , TTC Healthcare, Inc. and TTC Healthcare Partners, LLC (included as Exhibit 2.12 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.11 Forward Share Purchase Agreement dated June 3, 2021, by and between GigCapital2, Inc. and Kepos Alpha Master Fund L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on June 4, 2021). 
 10.12 Amendment to Forward Share Purchase Agreement , dated August 10, 2021, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and Kepos Alpha Master Fund L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021 . 
 10.13 Amendment No. 2 to Forward Share Purchase Agreement, dated January 7, 2022, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and Kepos Alpha Master Fund L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 11, 2022). 
 
 98 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.14 Registration Rights and Lockup Agreement, dated June 9, 2021, by and among UpHealth, Inc. and certain stockholders (Cloudbreak) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 
 10.15 Registration Rights and Lockup Agreement, dated June 9, 2021, by and among UpHealth, Inc. and certain stockholders (UpHealth Holdings) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 
 10.16# Cloudbreak Health , LLC 2015 Unit Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 
 10.17# Form of Cloudbreak Health , LLC Unit Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 
 10.18# 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 
 10.19 Form of PIPE Subscription Agreement (included as Annex I to GigCapital2 , Inc. s P roxy S tatement/ P rospectus filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021). 

10.20 Form of Convertible Note Subscription Agreement (included as Annex J to GigCapital2 , Inc. s P roxy S tatement/ P rospectus filed with the SEC on February 8, 2021). 
 10.21 Form of Amendment to Subscription Agreement (PIPE), dated June 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021). 
 10.22 Form of Amendment to Subscription Agreement (Reduction in Purchase Amount), dated June 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to UpHealth , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021). 
 10.23 Form of Termination of Subscription Agreement, dated June 8, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021). 
 10.24# Form of Restricted Stock Unit s Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 
 10.25# Form of Option Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K/A filed with the SEC on June 15, 2021). 
 10.26# Employment Agreement, dated May 10, 2022, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and Samuel J. Meckey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth, I nc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022). 
 10.27# Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated January 12, 2023, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and Samuel J. Meckey (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 13, 2023). 
 10.28# Employment Agreement dated October 24, 2021, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and Martin Beck. (included as Exhibit 10.3 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 25, 2021). 
 10.29# Letter of Offer of Employment for Al Gatmaitan, entered into October 19, 2021 (included as Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth, Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 25, 2021). 
 10.30# Amended Restated Employment Offer Letter (Martin S.A. Beck) (included as Exhibit 10.10 to GigCapital2 , Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.31# Amended Restated Employment Offer Letter (Alfonso W. Gatmaitan) (included as Exhibit 10.11 to GigCapital2 , Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.32# Amended Restated Employment Offer Letter (Chirinjeev Kathuria) (included as Exhibit 10.12 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 10.33# Amended Restated Employment Offer Letter (Mariya Pylypiv) (included as Exhibit 10.13 to GigCapital2, Inc. s Form S-4/A filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021). 
 
 99 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 10.34# Employment Agreement dated October 23, 2021, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and Dr. Ramesh Balakrishnan (included as Exhibit 10.2 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 25, 2021). 
 10.35# Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated July 31, 2022, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and Dr. Ramesh Balakrishnan (included as Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 4, 2022). 
 10.36# Separation Agreement and Release dated January 10, 2022, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and Al Gatmaitan (included as Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth, Inc. s Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 12, 2022). 
 10.37 McKinsey Project Commercial Agreement, dated March 15, 2022, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and its affiliates and McKinsey Company, Inc. United States and its affiliates (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 16, 2022) . 
 10.38 Security Agreement, dated August 18, 2022, by and among UpHealth, Inc., the Guarantors and Wilmington Trust, National Association, a national banking association, as collateral agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 19, 2022). 
 10.39 Form of Subscription Agreement (2025 Notes) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022). 
 10.40 Form of Note Purchase Agreement (2026 Note Repurchase) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Up Health , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022). 
 10.41 Stock Purchase Agreement, dated February 26, 2023, by and among UpHealth, Inc., UpHealth Holdings, Inc., Innovations Group, Inc. and Belmar MidCo, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to UpHealth , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2023). 
 10.42 Release Agreement, dated February 26, 2023, by and among UpHealth, Inc., UpHealth Holdings, Inc. and Innovations Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10 .1 to UpHealth , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 27, 2023). 
 10.43 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2023, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and the Purchaser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to UpHealth , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2023). 
 10.44 Form of Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of March 9, 2023, by and between UpHealth, Inc. and the Purchaser (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to UpHealth , Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 13, 2023). 
 21.1 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 23.1 Consent of BPM LLP, independent registered public accounting firm of UpHealth, Inc. 
 23.2 Consent of Plante Moran, PLLC, with respect to UpHealth, Inc. 
 24.1 Power of Attorney (included on the signature page hereto). 
 31.1 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Executive Officer . 
 31.2 Rule 13a-14(a) Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 32.1 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Executive Officer. 
 32.2 Section 1350 Certification of Chief Financial Officer. 
 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 
 100 

Table of Contents 

 Exhibit No. Description 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 
 _____________________________ 
 Filed herein. Previously filed. Furnished herewith. Certain exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. The registrant agrees to furnish a copy of the omitted exhibits and schedules to the SEC on a supplemental basis upon its request. # Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 (b) Financial Statements . The financial statements filed as part of this Annual Report are listed in the index to the financial statements immediately preceding such financial statements, which index to the financial statements is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 None. 
 101 

Table of Contents 

 SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 Dated: March 31, 2023 
 UPHEALTH, INC. By: /s/ Samuel J. Meckey Name: Samuel J. Meckey Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 102 

Table of Contents 

 POWERS OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL MEN BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Mr. Samuel J. Meckey and Mr. Martin Beck his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact or his substitute, each acting alone, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue thereof. 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 Signature Position Date /s/ Samuel J. Meckey 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 March 31, 2023 Samuel J. Meckey 
 (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Martin S. A. Beck 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 March 31, 2023 Martin S. A. Beck 
 Principal Accounting and Financial Officer 
 /s/ Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors March 31, 2023 Dr. Avi S. Katz 
 /s/ Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 Director March 31, 2023 Dr. Raluca Dinu 
 /s/ Nathan Locke 
 Director March 31, 2023 Nathan Locke 
 /s/ Dr. Chirinjeev Kathuria 
 Director March 31, 2023 Dr. Chirinjeev Kathuria 
 /s/ Dr. Mariya Pylypiv 
 Director March 31, 2023 Dr. Mariya Pylypiv 
 /s/ Agn s Rey-Giraud 
 Director March 31, 2023 Agn s Rey-Giraud 
 /s/ Luis Machuca 
 Director March 31, 2023 Luis Machuca 
 /s/ Mark Guinan 
 Director March 31, 2023 Mark Guinan 
 
 103 

<EX-3.1>
 2
 exhibit31-secondamendedand.htm
 EX-3.1

Document 

CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION OF UPHEALTH, INC. 
 
 JUNE 9, 2021, 
 AS AMENDED ON 
 DECEMBER 8, 2022 
 
 UpHealth, Inc., a corporation organized and existing under the laws of the State of Delaware (the Corporation ), DOES HEREBY CERTIFY AS FOLLOWS 
 
 1. The name of the Corporation is UpHealth, Inc. The Corporation was originally incorporated under the name of GigCapital2, Inc. pursuant to the original certificate of incorporation of the Corporation filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on March 6, 2019, and an amended and restated certificate of incorporation was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware on June 5, 2019 (as amended to date, the Original Certificate ). 
 
 2. This Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (this Second Amended and Restated Certificate ), which both restates and amends the provisions of the Original Certificate, was duly adopted in accordance with Sections 228, 242 and 245 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, as amended from time to time (the DGCL ). 
 
 3. This Second Amended and Restated Certificate became effective on June 9, 2021, the date it was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware, and was further amended on December 8, 2022, the date a certificate of amendment, duly adopted in accordance with the provisions of Section 242 of the DGCL, was filed with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. 
 
 4. The text of the Original Certificate is hereby restated and amended in its entirety to read as follows 

ARTICLE I NAME 
 
 The name of the corporation is UpHealth, Inc. (the Corporation ). 

ARTICLE II PURPOSE 
 
 The purpose of the Corporation is to engage in any lawful act or activity for which corporations may be organized under the DGCL. 

ARTICLE III REGISTERED AGENT 
 
 The address of the Corporation s registered office in the State of Delaware is 1209 Orange Street, Corporation Trust Center in the City of Wilmington, County of New Castle, State of Delaware, 19801, and the name of the Corporation s registered agent at such address is The Corporation Trust Company. 

ARTICLE IV CAPITALIZATION 
 
 Section 4.1 Authorized Capital Stock . The total number of shares of all classes of capital stock which the Corporation is authorized to issue is 301,000,000 shares, consisting of (a) 300,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Common Stock and (b) 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the Preferred Stock ). 
 Section 4.2 Preferred Stock . The Preferred Stock may be issued from time to time in one or more series. The Board of Directors of the Corporation (the Board is hereby expressly authorized to provide out of the unissued shares of the Preferred Stock for one or more series of Preferred Stock and to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each such series and to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences and relative, participating, optional, special and other rights, if any, of each such series and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, as shall be stated in the resolution or resolutions adopted by the Board providing for the issuance of such series and included in a certificate of designation (a Preferred Stock Designation filed pursuant to the DGCL, and the Board is hereby expressly vested with the authority to the full extent provided by law, now or hereafter, to adopt any such resolution or resolutions. 
 
 Section 4.3 Common Stock. 
 
 (a) Voting. 
 
 (i) Except as otherwise required by law or this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall exclusively possess all voting power with respect to the Corporation. 
 
 (ii) Except as otherwise required by law or this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to one vote for each such share on each matter properly submitted to the stockholders of the Corporation on which the holders of the shares of Common Stock are entitled to vote. 
 
 (iii) Except as otherwise required by law or this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), at any annual or special meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall have the exclusive right to vote for the election of directors and on all other matters properly submitted to a vote of the stockholders of the Corporation. Notwithstanding the foregoing, except as otherwise required by law or this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall not be entitled to vote on any amendment to this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including any amendment to any Preferred Stock Designation) that relates solely to the terms of one or more outstanding series of Preferred Stock if the holders of such affected series of Preferred Stock are entitled, either separately or together with the holders of one or more other such series, to vote thereon pursuant to this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) or the DGCL. 
 
 (b) Dividends. Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive such dividends and other distributions (payable in cash, property or capital stock of the Corporation) when, as and if declared thereon by the Board from time to time out of any assets or funds of the Corporation legally available therefor and shall share equally on a per share basis in such dividends and distributions. 
 
 (c) Liquidation, Dissolution or Winding Up of the Corporation. Subject to applicable law, the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, in the event of any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Corporation, after payment or provision for payment of the debts and other liabilities of the Corporation, the holders of the shares of Common Stock shall be entitled to receive all the remaining assets of the Corporation available for distribution to its stockholders, ratably in proportion to the number of shares of Common Stock held by them. 

Section 4.4 Rights and Options . The Corporation has the authority to create and issue rights, warrants and options entitling the holders thereof to acquire from the Corporation any shares of its capital stock of any class or classes, with such rights, warrants and options to be evidenced by or in instrument(s) approved by the Board. The Board is empowered to set the exercise price, duration, times for exercise and other terms and conditions of such rights, warrants or options provided, however, that the consideration to be received for any shares of capital stock issuable upon exercise thereof may not be less than the par value thereof. 
 
 Section 4.5 Reverse Stock Split . Upon the filing (the Effective Time of this Certificate of Amendment to the Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Corporation, pursuant to Section 242 of the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware, the 152,140,432 shares of Common Stock of the Corporation issued and outstanding immediately prior to the Effective Time (the Old Common Stock ), shall automatically without further action on the part of the Corporation or any holder of Old Common Stock, be reclassified, combined, converted and changed, on a 10-for-1 basis, into 15,214,044 fully paid and nonassessable shares of common stock, par value 0.0001 per share (the New Common Stock ), such that ten (10) shares of Old Common Stock will be converted into and reconstituted as one (1) share of New Common Stock, subject to the treatment of fractional share interests as described below (the Reverse Stock Split ). The conversion of the Old Common Stock into New Common Stock will be deemed to occur at the Effective Time. From and after the Effective Time, each holder of a certificate or certificates which immediately prior to the Effective Time represented outstanding shares of Old Common Stock (the Old Certificates ), shall be entitled to receive a certificate or certificates (the New Certificates representing the shares of New Common Stock into which the shares of Old Common Stock formerly represented by such Old Certificates are reclassified pursuant to this Certificate of Amendment. Until surrender, each Old Certificate will continue to be valid and represent the number of shares of New Common Stock into which such shares of Old Common Stock shall have been converted pursuant to this Certificate of Amendment, excluding any fractional shares. Holders who otherwise would be entitled to receive fractional share interests of New Common Stock upon the effectiveness of the Reverse Stock Split shall be entitled to receive a whole share of New Common Stock in lieu of any fractional share created as a result of such Reverse Stock Split. 
 
 ARTICLE V BOARD OF DIRECTORS 
 
 Section 5.1 Board Powers . The business and affairs of the Corporation shall be managed by, or under the direction of, the Board. In addition to the powers and authority expressly conferred upon the Board by statute, this Second Amended and Restated Certificate or the Bylaws of the Corporation (as they may be amended from time to time, Bylaws ), the Board is hereby empowered to exercise all such powers and do all such acts and things as may be exercised or done by the Corporation, subject, nevertheless, to the provisions of the DGCL, this Second Amended and Restated Certificate, and any Bylaws adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation provided, however, that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted. 
 
 Section 5.2 Number, Election and Term . 
 
 (a) The number of directors of the Corporation, other than those who may be elected by the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock voting separately by class or series, shall be fixed from time to time exclusively by the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board. 
 
 (b) Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, the Board shall be divided into three classes, as nearly equal in number as possible and designated Class I, Class II, and Class III. The Board is authorized to assign members of the Board already in office to Class I, Class II, or Class III. The term of the initial Class I Directors shall expire at the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate, the term of the initial Class II Directors shall expire at the second annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate, and the term of the initial Class III directors shall expire at the third annual meeting of the stockholders following the effectiveness of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate. At each succeeding annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation, beginning with the first annual meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation following the effectiveness of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate, each of the successors elected to 

replace the class of directors whose term expires at that annual meeting shall be elected for a three-year term or until the election and qualification of their respective successors in office, subject to their earlier death, resignation or removal. Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, if the number of directors that constitutes the Board is changed, any increase or decrease shall be apportioned by the Board among the classes so as to maintain the number of directors in each class as nearly equal as possible, but in no case shall a decrease in the number of directors constituting the Board shorten the term of any incumbent director. Subject to the rights of the holders of one or more series of Preferred Stock, voting separately by class or series, to elect directors pursuant to the terms of one or more series of Preferred Stock, the election of directors shall be determined by a plurality of the votes cast by the stockholders present in person or represented by proxy at the meeting and entitled to vote thereon. The Board is hereby expressly authorized, by resolution or resolutions thereof, to assign members of the Board already in office to the aforesaid classes at the time this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (and therefore such classification) becomes effective in accordance with the DGCL . 
 
 (c) Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, a director shall hold office until the next annual meeting for the year in which his or her term expires and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 
 
 (d) Unless and except to the extent that the Bylaws shall so require, the election of directors need not be by written ballot. The holders of shares of Common Stock shall not have cumulative voting rights. 
 
 Section 5.3 Newly Created Directorships and Vacancies . Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, newly created directorships resulting from an increase in the number of directors and any vacancies on the Board resulting from death, resignation, retirement, disqualification, removal or other cause may be filled solely and exclusively by a majority vote of the remaining directors then in office, even if less than a quorum, or by a sole remaining director (and not by stockholders), and any director so chosen shall hold office for the remainder of the full term of the class of directors to which the new directorship was added or in which the vacancy occurred and until his or her successor has been elected and qualified, subject, however, to such director s earlier death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal. 
 
 Section 5.4 Removal . Subject to Section 5.5 hereof, any or all of the directors may be removed from office, but only for cause, by the affirmative vote of holders of a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, at a meeting called for that purpose. 
 
 Section 5.5 Preferred Stock Directors . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Article V , and except as otherwise required by law, whenever the holders of one or more series of the Preferred Stock shall have the right, voting separately by class or series, to elect one or more directors, the term of office, the filling of vacancies, the removal from office and other features of such directorships shall be governed by the terms of such series of the Preferred Stock as set forth in this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) and such directors shall not be included in any of the classes created pursuant to this Article V unless expressly provided by such terms. 

ARTICLE VI BYLAWS 
 
 In furtherance and not in limitation of the powers conferred upon it by law, the Board shall have the power and is expressly authorized to adopt, amend, alter or repeal the Bylaws by the affirmative vote of a majority of the total number of directors present at a regular or special meeting of the Board at which there is a quorum or by unanimous written consent. The Bylaws also may be adopted, amended, altered or repealed by the stockholders of the Corporation provided, however, that in addition to any vote of the holders of any class or series of capital stock of the Corporation required by law or by this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), the affirmative vote of the holders of at least a majority of the voting power of all then outstanding shares of capital stock of the Corporation entitled to vote generally in the election of directors, voting together as a single class, shall be required for the stockholders of the Corporation to adopt, amend, alter or repeal 

the Bylaws and provided further, however, that no Bylaws hereafter adopted by the stockholders of the Corporation shall invalidate any prior act of the Board that would have been valid if such Bylaws had not been adopted. 

ARTICLE VII 
 SPECIAL MEETINGS OF STOCKHOLDERS ACTION BY WRITTEN CONSENT 
 
 Section 7.1 Special Meetings . Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any outstanding series of the Preferred Stock, and to the requirements of applicable law, special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may be called only by the Chairman of the Board, Chief Executive Officer of the Corporation, or the Board pursuant to a resolution adopted by a majority of the Board, and the ability of the stockholders of the Corporation to call a special meeting is hereby specifically denied. Except as provided in the foregoing sentence, special meetings of stockholders of the Corporation may not be called by another person or persons. 
 
 Section 7.2 Advance Notice . Advance notice of stockholder nominations for the election of directors and of business to be brought by stockholders before any meeting of the stockholders of the Corporation shall be given in the manner provided in the Bylaws. 
 
 Section 7.3 Action by Written Consent . Except as may be otherwise provided for or fixed pursuant to this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) relating to the rights of the holders of any outstanding series of Preferred Stock, any action required or permitted to be taken by the stockholders of the Corporation must be effected by a duly called annual or special meeting of such stockholders and may not be effected by written consent of the stockholders of the Corporation. 

ARTICLE VIII 
 LIMITED LIABILITY INDEMNIFICATION 
 
 Section 8.1 Limitation of Director Liability . A director of the Corporation shall not be personally liable to the Corporation or its stockholders for monetary damages for breach of fiduciary duty as a director, except to the extent such exemption from liability or limitation thereof is not permitted under the DGCL as the same exists or may hereafter be amended unless a director violated his or her duty of loyalty to the Corporation or its stockholders, acted in bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or unlawful redemptions, or derived improper personal benefit from its actions as a director. Any amendment, modification or repeal of the foregoing sentence shall not adversely affect any right or protection of a director of the Corporation hereunder in respect of any act or omission occurring prior to the time of such amendment, modification or repeal. 
 
 Section 8.2 Indemnification and Advancement of Expenses . 
 
 (a) To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, as the same exists or may hereafter be amended, the Corporation shall indemnify and hold harmless each person who is or was made a party or is threatened to be made a party to or is otherwise involved in any threatened, pending or completed action, suit or proceeding, whether civil, criminal, administrative or investigative (a proceeding by reason of the fact that he or she is or was a director or officer of the Corporation or, while a director or officer of the Corporation, is or was serving at the request of the Corporation as a director, officer, employee or agent of another corporation or of a partnership, joint venture, trust, other enterprise or nonprofit entity, including service with respect to an employee benefit plan (an indemnitee ), whether the basis of such proceeding is alleged action in an official capacity as a director, officer, employee or agent, or in any other capacity while serving as a director, officer, employee or agent, against all liability and loss suffered and expenses (including, without limitation, attorneys fees, judgments, fines, ERISA excise taxes and penalties and amounts paid in settlement) reasonably incurred by such indemnitee in connection with such proceeding. The Corporation shall to the fullest extent not prohibited by applicable law pay the expenses (including attorneys fees) incurred by an indemnitee in defending or otherwise participating in any proceeding in advance of its final disposition provided, however, that, to the extent required by applicable law, such payment of expenses in advance of the final disposition of the proceeding shall be made only upon receipt of an undertaking, by or on behalf of the indemnitee, to repay all amounts so advanced if it shall ultimately be determined 

that the indemnitee is not entitled to be indemnified under this Section 8.2 or otherwise. The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred by this Section 8.2 shall be contract rights and such rights shall continue as to an indemnitee who has ceased to be a director, officer, employee or agent and shall inure to the benefit of his or her heirs, executors and administrators. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 8.2(a) , except for proceedings to enforce rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses, the Corporation shall indemnify and advance expenses to an indemnitee in connection with a proceeding (or part thereof) initiated by such indemnitee only if such proceeding (or part thereof) was authorized by the Board. 
 
 (b) The rights to indemnification and advancement of expenses conferred on any indemnitee by this Section 8.2 shall not be exclusive of any other rights that any indemnitee may have or hereafter acquire under law, this Second Amended and Restated Certificate, the Bylaws, an agreement, vote of stockholders or disinterested directors, or otherwise. 
 
 (c) Any repeal or amendment of this Section 8.2 by the stockholders of the Corporation or by changes in law, or the adoption of any other provision of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate inconsistent with this Section 8.2 , shall, unless otherwise required by law, be prospective only (except to the extent such amendment or change in law permits the Corporation to provide broader indemnification rights on a retroactive basis than permitted prior thereto), and shall not in any way diminish or adversely affect any right or protection existing at the time of such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision in respect of any proceeding (regardless of when such proceeding is first threatened, commenced or completed) arising out of, or related to, any act or omission occurring prior to such repeal or amendment or adoption of such inconsistent provision. 
 
 (d) This Section 8.2 shall not limit the right of the Corporation, to the extent and in the manner authorized or permitted by law, to indemnify and to advance expenses to persons other than indemnitees. 

ARTICLE IX 
 CORPORATE OPPORTUNITY 
 
 Section 9.1 Corporate Opportunities and Non-Employee Directors . 
 
 (a) In recognition and anticipation that members of the Board who are not employees of the Corporation (the Non-Employee Directors and their respective Affiliates may now engage and may continue to engage in the same or similar activities or related lines of business as those in which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, may engage and or other business activities that overlap with or compete with those in which the Corporation, directly or indirectly, may engage, the provisions of this Article IX are set forth to regulate and define the conduct of certain affairs of the Corporation with respect to certain classes or categories of business opportunities as they may involve any of the Non-Employee Directors or their respective Affiliates and the powers, rights, duties and liabilities of the Corporation and its directors, officers and stockholders in connection therewith. For purposes of this Article IX , (i) Affiliate shall mean, (a) in respect of each Non-Employee Director, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by such Non-Employee Director (other than the Corporation and any entity that is controlled by the Corporation) and (b) in respect of the Corporation, any Person that, directly or indirectly, is controlled by the Corporation and (ii) Person shall mean any individual, corporation, general or limited partnership, limited liability company, joint venture, trust, association or any other entity. 
 
 (b) No Non-Employee Director (including any Non-Employee Director who serves as an officer of the Corporation in both his or her director and officer capacities) or his or her Affiliates (such Persons being referred to, collectively, as Identified Persons and, individually, as an Identified Person shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, have any duty to refrain from directly or indirectly (1) engaging in the same or similar business activities or lines of business in which the Corporation or any of its Affiliates now engages or proposes to engage or (2) otherwise competing with the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no Identified Person shall be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders or to any Affiliate of the Corporation for breach of any fiduciary duty solely by reason of the fact that such Identified Person engages in any such activities. To the fullest extent permitted by law, the Corporation hereby renounces any interest or expectancy 

in, or right to be offered an opportunity to participate in, any business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for an Identified Person and the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, except as provided in Section 9.1(c) of this Article IX . Subject to said Section 9.1(c) of this Article IX , in the event that any Identified Person acquires knowledge of a potential transaction or other business opportunity which may be a corporate opportunity for itself, herself or himself and the Corporation or any of its Affiliates, such Identified Person shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, have no duty to communicate or offer such transaction or other business opportunity to the Corporation or any of its Affiliates and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall not be liable to the Corporation or its stockholders or to any Affiliate of the Corporation for breach of any fiduciary duty as a stockholder, director or officer of the Corporation solely by reason of the fact that such Identified Person pursues or acquires such corporate opportunity for itself, herself or himself, or offers or directs such corporate opportunity to another Person . 
 
 (c) The Corporation does not renounce its interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any Non-Employee Director (including any Non-Employee Director who serves as an officer of this Corporation) if such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the Corporation, and the provisions of Section 9.1(b) of this Article IX shall not apply to any such corporate opportunity. 
 
 (d) In addition to and notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Article IX , a corporate opportunity shall not be deemed to be a potential corporate opportunity for the Corporation if it is a business opportunity that (i) the Corporation is unable, financially or legally, or is not contractually permitted to undertake, (ii) from its nature, is not in the line of the Corporation s business or is of no practical advantage to the Corporation or (iii) is one in which the Corporation has no interest or reasonable expectancy. 
 
 (e) To the fullest extent permitted by law, any Person purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any shares of capital stock of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the provisions of this Article IX . 
 
 (f) Neither the alteration, amendment, addition to or repeal of this Article IX , nor the adoption of any provision of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation) inconsistent with this Article IX , shall eliminate or reduce the effect of this Article IX in respect of any corporate opportunity first identified or any other matter occurring, or any cause of action, suit or claim that, but for this Article IX , would accrue or arise, prior to such alteration, amendment, addition, repeal or adoption. 

ARTICLE X 
 AMENDMENT OF SECOND AMENDED AND RESTATED 
 CERTIFICATE OF INCORPORATION 
 
 The Corporation reserves the right at any time and from time to time to amend, alter, change or repeal any provision contained in this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including any Preferred Stock Designation), and other provisions authorized by the laws of the State of Delaware at the time in force that may be added or inserted, in the manner now or hereafter prescribed by this Second Amended and Restated Certificate and the DGCL and, except as set forth in Article VIII , all rights, preferences and privileges of whatever nature herein conferred upon stockholders, directors or any other persons by and pursuant to this Second Amended and Restated Certificate in its present form or as hereafter amended are granted subject to the right reserved in this Article X . 
 
 ARTICLE XI Exclusive forum for certain lawsuits 
 
 Section 11.1 Forum. Unless the Corporation consents in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware shall be the sole and exclusive forum for any stockholder (including a beneficial owner) to bring (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of the Corporation, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer or other employee of the Corporation to the Corporation or the Corporation s stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or this Second Amended and Restated Certificate or the Bylaws, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against the Corporation, its directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine and, if brought outside of Delaware, the 

stockholder bringing the suit will be deemed to have consented to service of process on such stockholder s counsel except any action (A) as to which the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), (B) which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or (C) for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this Section 11.1 will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the federal district courts of the United States of America, to the fullest extent permitted by law, shall be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any action asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any security of the Corporation shall be deemed to have notice of and consented to the provisions of this Section 11.1. 
 
 Section 11.2 Consent to Jurisdiction . If any action the subject matter of which is within the scope of Section 11.1 immediately above is filed in a court other than a court located within the State of Delaware (a Foreign Action in the name of any stockholder, such stockholder shall be deemed to have consented to (i) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located within the State of Delaware in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce Section 11.1 immediately above (an FSC Enforcement Action and (ii) having service of process made upon such stockholder in any such FSC Enforcement Action by service upon such stockholder s counsel in the Foreign Action as agent for such stockholder. 

ARTICLE XII 
 SEVERABILITY 
 
 If any provision or provisions (or any part thereof) of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate shall be held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable as applied to any person, entity or circumstance for any reason whatsoever, then, to the fullest extent permitted by law, (i) the validity, legality and enforceability of such provisions in any other circumstance and of the remaining provisions of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable that is not itself held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) and the application of such provision to other persons or entities and circumstances shall not in any way be affected or impaired thereby, and (ii) the provisions of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate (including, without limitation, each portion of any paragraph of this Second Amended and Restated Certificate containing any such provision held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable) shall be construed so as to permit the Corporation to protect its directors, officers, employees and agents from personal liability in respect of their good faith service or for the benefit of the Corporation to the fullest extent permitted by law. 
 
 Signature page follows. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, UpHealth, Inc. has caused this Second Amended and Restated Certificate to be duly executed and acknowledged in its name and on its behalf by an authorized officer as of the date first set forth above. 
 UPHEALTH, INC. 
 By 
 s Samuel J. Meckey 
 Name 
 Samuel J. Meckey 
 Title 
 Chief Executive Officer 

Signature Page to Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation 

</EX-3.1>

<EX-4.1>
 3
 uphealthinc-specimencomm.htm
 EX-4.1

uphealthinc-specimencomm 

0000001 SEE REVERSE FOR IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING OWNERSHIP AND TRANSFER RESTRICTIONS AND CERTAIN OTHER INFORMATION FULLY PAID AND NON-ASSESSABLE SHARES OF THE COMMON STOCK, 0.0001 PAR VALUE, OF UpHealtH, Inc. transferable on the books of the Company in Person or by duly authorized attorney, upon surrender of this Certificate properly endorsed. This Certificate and the shares represented hereby, are issued and shall be held subject to all of the provisions of the Certificate of Incorporation, as amended, and the Bylaws, as amended, of the Company (copies of which are on file with the Company and with the Transfer Agent), to all of which each holder, by acceptance hereof, assents. This Certificate is not valid unless countersigned and registered by the Transfer Agent and Registrar. WITNESS the facsimile seal of the Company and the facsimile signatures of its duly authorized officers. INCORPORATED UNDER THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF DELAWARE COMMON STOCK SEE REVERSE FOR CERTAIN DEFINITIONS Secretary CUSIP 91532B 10 1 President SPECIMEN 

Continental Stock Transfer Continental Stock T Transfer C ontinental Stock T Stock Transfer C ontinental Stock T Continental Stock Transfer C ontinental Stock T Transfer C ontinental Stock T Stock Transfer C ontinental Stock T Continental Stock T Transfer C ontinental Stock T Stock Transfer C ontinental Stock T Continental Stock T Transfer C ontinental Stock T Stock T Continental Stock T Transfer C ontinental Stock T Stock T Continental Stock T T Stock T T Stock T T Stock T Transfer Transfer Transfer C ontinental Transfer Transfer C ontinental Transfer Transfer C ontinental Stock Transfer C ontinental ransfer C ontinental Stock Transfer Transfer C ontinental Stock Transfer C ontinental Transfer C ontinental Stock Transfer Transfer C ontinental Stock ransfer C ontinental Stock Transfer C ontinental Transfer C ontinental Stock Transfer Transfer C ontinental Stock Transfer C ontinental Stock Transfer C ontinental Transfer C ontinental Stock Transfer JT T EN At to rn ey , t o tr an sf er t he s ai d s to ck o n th e bo ok s of t he w ith in -n am ed C or po ra tio n wi th fu ll po w er o f s ub st itu tio n in th e pr em is es . Sh ar es of th e co m m on st oc k re pr es en te d by th is ce rti fic at e an d do he re by irr ev oc ab ly co ns tit ut es a nd a pp oi nt 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 uphealth-20221231xform10xkc.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of UpHealth, Inc. 

Name Jurisdiction of Formation Cloudbreak Health, LLC Delaware Glocal Healthcare Systems Private Limited India Innovations Group, Inc. Utah Thrasys, Inc. California TTC Healthcare, Inc. Delaware UpHealth Holdings, Inc. Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 exhibit231bpmconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

Exhibit 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-8 (Nos. 333-266024 and 333-258735) of UpHealth, Inc. of our report dated March 31, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, which appears in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 s BPM LLP 
 
 San Jose, California 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 6
 exhibit232plantemoranconse.htm
 EX-23.2

Document 
 Exhibit 23.2 

 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements (Nos. 333-258735 and 333-266024) on Form S-8 of our report dated April 18, 2022, with respect to the consolidated balance sheet of UpHealth, Inc. as of December 31, 2021, the related consolidated statement of operations, comprehensive income, stockholders' equity, and cash flows for the year then ended, and the related notes, which report appears in the December 31, 2022 annual report on Form 10-K of UpHealth, Inc. 
 
 s Plante & Moran, PLLC 
 
 March 31, 2023 
 Denver, Colorado 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 uphealth-20221231xform10xka.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Samuel J. Meckey, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UpHealth, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 31, 2023 
 By s Samuel J. Meckey 
 Samuel J. Meckey 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 uphealth-20221231xform10xkd.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Martin S. A. Beck, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of UpHealth, Inc. 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations, and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize, and report financial information and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date March 31, 2023 
 By s Martin S. A. Beck 
 Martin S. A. Beck 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 uphealth-20221231xform10xkb.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of UpHealth, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date March 31, 2023 

By s Samuel J. Meckey 
 Samuel J. Meckey 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 uphealth-20221231xform10xk.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION 
 PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the Annual Report of UpHealth, Inc. (the Registrant on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Registrant. 
 
 Date March 31, 2023 

By s Martin S. A. Beck 
 Martin S. A. Beck 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 uph-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 uph-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 uph-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 uph-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 uph-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

