<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1849580_0001193125-23-085643.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4010924</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>524057</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>753965</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>924858</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>865601</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>859361</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-085643.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330163413
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-085643
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		43
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849580
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				981586578
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40748
		FILM NUMBER:		23781189

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		WALKERS CORPORATE LIMITED
		STREET 2:		190 ELGIN AVENUE
		CITY:			GEORGE TOWN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-9008
		BUSINESS PHONE:		650-308-9907

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1330 AVENUE OF THE AMERICAS
		STREET 2:		7TH FLOOR
		CITY:			NEW YORK
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			10019

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-085643.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 d482452d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of Registrant as specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of

incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer

Identification No.)

, NY 

(Address of principal executive offices and zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class

Trading

Symbol(s)

Name of each exchange

on which registered

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

None 

Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

 Indicate by check mark if the Registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T
 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated
 filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act..: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by the check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2
 of the Exchange Act). YES NO 
 
 The aggregate market value of the Registrant s Class A ordinary shares outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the Registrant, at June 30, 2022, 
 was . 

 As of March 30, 2023, there were Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value, issued and outstanding. 

 Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

1 

PART I 

2 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

16 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

56 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

56 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

56 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

56 

PART II 

57 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

57 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

58 

Item 7. 
 
 Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations 

58 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

60 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

60 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

60 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

61 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

62 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

62 

PART III 

62 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

62 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

73 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters 

73 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

76 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

79 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

79 

i 

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This annual report (the annual report includes, and oral statements made from time to time by representatives of the Company may include, forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). We have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events. These forward-looking statements are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties and assumptions about us that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terminology such as may, should, could, would, expect, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, continue, or the negative of such terms or other similar expressions. Such statements include, but are not limited to, possible business combinations and the financing thereof, and related matters, as well as all other statements other than statements of historical fact included in this annual report. Factors that might cause or contribute to such a discrepancy include, but are not limited to, those described in our other Securities and Exchange Commission SEC filings. Forward-looking statements in this annual report may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination; 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination, as a result of which they would then receive expense reimbursements; 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our pool of prospective target businesses; 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; 

the lack of a market for our securities; 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or 

our financial performance. The forward-looking statements contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Item 1A. Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

PART I References in this annual report to we, us, company or our company are to Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1, a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to management or our management team are to our officers and directors. References to our sponsor is to WCAC1 Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to our initial shareholders are to the holders of our founder shares prior to our initial public offering. Unless otherwise stated in this annual report or the context otherwise requires, references to: 

amended and restated memorandum and articles of association are to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that the company adopted in connection with the IPO; 

founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our sponsor in a private placement prior to the IPO, and our Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares are not public shares 

ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; and 

public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares that were sold as part of the units in the IPO (whether purchased in the IPO or thereafter in the open market); 

public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and/or members of our management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; 

Item 1. 
 Business. Introduction We are a blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this annual report as our initial business combination. We have reviewed a number of opportunities to enter into a business combination. We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the company is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act because we have no operations and nominal assets consisting almost entirely of cash. While we may pursue an acquisition opportunity in any business, industry, sector or geographical location, we intend to focus on industries that complement our team s background and capitalize on our team s ability to source and acquire a business focused on media, technology or entertainment that will benefit from our expertise in developing and executing value creation plans in those areas, thereby positioning a target company for compounding growth over the long-term. Waverley Capital L.P. Waverley is a venture capital firm focused solely on the innovation and disruption occurring globally throughout the media and entertainment industries. Waverley is led by its co-founders, Edgar Bronfman Jr. and Daniel V. Leff, who collectively possess decades of experience investing in, growing, and operating category-defining media start-ups as well as assisting them transition to public ownership. Their previous investments include: Roku, Inc. (IPO NASDAQ: ROKU), fuboTV Inc. (IPO NYSE: FUBO), Matterport (SPAC merger NASDAQ: MTTR), Pluto TV (acquired by Viacom), Wondery (acquired by Amazon), The Athletic, and Headspace. Mr. Bronfman has also been foundationally involved with Warner Music Group and Universal Studios Inc., serving as Chairman and CEO of Warner Music Group and CEO of The Seagram Company Ltd., the parent company of Universal Studios Inc., as well as with Fandango, serving as a partner at Accretive, the company s founding venture investor. Waverley is the successor fund to Luminari Capital L.P., a top-performing media-focused venture capital fund founded in 2014. 
 2 

Table of Contents 

Waverley s focus has primarily been on early-stage, private company opportunities in the U.S, with a balance of some later-stage investments. Its mission is to provide superior financial returns to its limited partners by partnering with exceptional entrepreneurs in the media ecosystem to help them build and scale category-defining companies. To this end, Waverley leverages proprietary access to deal flow, resources, people, and unique insights within the media industry. Its limited partners are primarily comprised of current and former executives and board members from leading media and technology companies. Our executive offices are located at 1330 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10019 and our telephone number is (650) 308-9907. Our corporate website address is www.waverleycorp1.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this annual report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. Company History In March 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,625,000 Class B ordinary shares (the Class B ordinary shares or founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On July 28, 2021, our sponsor forfeited 2,875,000 founder shares, resulting in the sponsor continuing to hold 5,750,000 founder shares. In October 2021, as a result of the over-allotment sale described below, our sponsor forfeited 378,240 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in 5,371,760 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The number of Class B ordinary shares issued was based on the expectation that the Class B ordinary shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares of our determined Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares (collectively, our ordinary shares upon completion of the initial public offering (the IPO ). On August 24, 2021, we completed our IPO of 20,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit (the units ), generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, with a par value of 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. Concurrently with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 warrants (the private placement warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 7,000,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 200,000,000 from the proceeds of the IPO and the private placement warrants was placed in a trust account (the trust account such that the trust account held 200,000,000 at the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. On September 3, 2021, we consummated the sale of 1,487,039 units pursuant to the underwriters exercise of their 45-day over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 units (the over-allotment units ). Such over-allotment units were sold at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 14,870,390. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the sale of the over-allotment units, we consummated the private sale of an additional 198,272 private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 297,408 (together with the sale of the over-allotment units, the over-allotment closing ). Following the IPO, the sale of the private placement warrants and the partial over-allotment closing, a total of 214,870,390 was placed in the trust account. On October 8, 2021, we announced that, commencing October 11, 2021, holders of the units sold in the IPO may elect to separately trade the Class A ordinary shares and the warrants included in the units. Those units not separated continued to trade on the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE under the symbol WAVCU and the Class A ordinary shares and warrants that were separated trade under the symbols WAVC and WAVCW, respectively. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

Initial Business Combination So long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or an independent valuation or appraisal firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of net assets threshold, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed transaction will include such opinion. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of net assets test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of net assets test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on the NYSE for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of net asset test. We may, at our option, subject to applicable law, pursue an acquisition opportunity jointly with one or more entities affiliated with Waverley and/or one or more Waverley Funds and/or one or more investors in Waverley Funds, which we refer to as an Affiliated Joint Acquisition. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by issuing to such parties a class of equity or equity-linked securities, provided that such class of equity or equity-linked securities are issued in compliance with the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We refer to this potential future issuance, or a similar issuance to other specified purchasers, as a specified future issuance throughout this annual report. The amount and other terms and conditions of any such specified future issuance would be determined at the time thereof. We are not obligated to make any specified future issuance and may determine not to do so. This is not an offer for any specified future issuance. Pursuant to the anti-dilution provisions in respect of our Class B ordinary shares, any such specified future issuance would result in an adjustment to the conversion ratio such that our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees, if any, would retain their aggregate percentage ownership at 20 of the sum of the total number of all ordinary shares outstanding plus all shares issued in the specified future issuance, unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Class B ordinary shares agreed to waive such adjustment with respect to the specified future issuance at the time thereof. We cannot determine at this time whether a majority of the holders of our Class B ordinary shares at the time of any such specified future issuance would agree to waive such adjustment to the conversion ratio. If such adjustment is not waived, the specified future issuance would not reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class B ordinary shares, but would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If such adjustment is waived, the specified future issuance would reduce the percentage ownership of holders of both classes of our ordinary shares. 
 4 

Table of Contents 

To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. These risks include, among others, investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. Corporate Information Our executive offices are located at 1330 Avenue of the Americas, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10019 and our telephone number is (650) 308-9907. Our corporate website address is www.waverleycorp1.com. Our website and the information contained on, or that can be accessed through, the website is not deemed to be incorporated by reference in, and is not considered part of, this annual report. You should not rely on any such information in making your decision whether to invest in our securities. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act ). As an exempted company, we have received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cayman Islands government that, in accordance with Section 6 of the Tax Concessions Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 30 years from the date of the undertaking, no law which is enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of a payment of dividend or other distribution of income or capital by us to our shareholders or a payment of principal or interest or other sums due under a debenture or other obligation of us. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, or the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following August 24, 2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. 
 5 

Table of Contents 

Financial Position With funds available for a business combination in the amount of 217,975,362 as of December 31, 2022, assuming no redemptions and after payment of up to 7,520,462 of deferred underwriting fees, we offer a target business a variety of options such as creating a liquidity event for its owners, providing capital for the potential growth and expansion of its operations or strengthening its balance sheet by reducing its debt ratio. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. However, we have not taken any steps to secure third party financing and there can be no assurance it will be available to us. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial business combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business. Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete business combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial business combination; and 

cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or a limited number of products or services. Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial business combination, it is highly unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial business combination. Following our initial business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. Redemption rights for public shareholders upon completion of our initial business combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. At completion of the business combination, we will be required to purchase any public shares properly delivered for redemption and not withdrawn. The amount in the trust account as of the closing of the IPO was 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. The redemption right will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (the letter agreement ). Manner of conducting redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either: (1) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the business combination; or (2) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. Asset acquisitions and stock purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. If we structure a business combination transaction with a target company in a manner that requires shareholder approval, we will not have discretion as to whether to seek a shareholder vote to approve the proposed business combination. We currently intend to conduct redemptions pursuant to a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and 

file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market if we elect to redeem our public shares through a tender offer, to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than a specified number of public shares, which number will be based on the requirement that we may not redeem public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: 

conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and 

file proxy materials with the SEC. We expect that a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Although we are not required to do so, we currently intend to comply with the substantive and procedural requirements of Regulation 14A in connection with any shareholder vote even if we are not able to maintain our NYSE listing or Exchange Act registration. In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution for such business combination under Cayman Islands law, or such higher percentage as may be required by Cayman Islands law, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of the outstanding shares of the company representing one-third of the voting power of all outstanding shares of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in respect of an ordinary resolution, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 8,057,640, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted) or 1,342,940, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the 21,487,039 public shares sold in the IPO (including the partial exercise of the over-allotment) to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved, subject to any higher consent threshold as may be required by Cayman Islands or other applicable law. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive, to the extent such exist, their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) our initial business combination, and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any extended time that we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months as a result of a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (an Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. These quorum and voting thresholds and agreements, may make it more likely that we will consummate our initial business combination. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Redemptions of our public shares may also be subject to a higher net tangible asset test or cash requirement pursuant to an agreement relating to our initial business combination. For example, the proposed business combination may require: (1) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners; (2) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes; or (3) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all redemption requests in respect of such Class A ordinary shares would be cancelled. Limitation on redemption upon completion of our initial business combination if we seek shareholder approval Notwithstanding the foregoing, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the IPO, without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our affiliates to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us or our sponsor or our affiliates at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 20 of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. 
 9 

Table of Contents 

Tendering share certificates in connection with a tender offer or redemption rights We may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) System, rather than simply voting against the initial business combination at the holder s option. The tender offer or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that any beneficial owner on whose behalf a redemption right is being exercised must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Pursuant to the tender offer rules, the tender offer period will be not less than 20 business days and, in the case of a shareholder vote, a final proxy statement would be mailed to public shareholders at least 10 days prior to the shareholder vote. However, we expect that a draft proxy statement would be made available to such shareholders well in advance of such time, providing additional notice of redemption if we conduct redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s share in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the shareholder meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming holder s election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the tender offer materials or the date of the shareholder meeting set forth in our proxy materials, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until the end of the completion window. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation if no Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we have until August 24, 2023, the date that is 24 months from the closing of the IPO, to complete our initial business combination (the period from the closing of the IPO until August 24, 2023, the completion window ). If we are unable to complete our initial business combination within such period, we will: (1) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (2) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter (and subject to lawfully available funds therefor), redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (3) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Our initial shareholders, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. However, if our sponsor or any of our officers and directors acquires public shares after the IPO, it will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the completion window. Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated incorporation memorandum and articles of association to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide for the redemption of our public shares in connection with an initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets, after payment of the deferred underwriting commissions, to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining held outside the trust account, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay taxes, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account and any tax payments or expenses for the dissolution of the trust, the per share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.00. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.00. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors included herein. These claims must be paid or provided for before we make any distribution of our remaining assets to our shareholders. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where we are unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (1) 10.00 per public share or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals, except as to any claims by a third party that executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have not independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company and, therefore, our sponsor may not be able to satisfy those obligations. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below: (1) 10.00 per public share; or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in certain instances. For example, the cost of such legal action may be deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or the independent directors may determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per share redemption price will not be substantially less than 10.00 per share. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors included herein. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. As of December 31, 2022, we had access to 217,975,362 in the trust account with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

As a result of this obligation, the claims that could be made against us are significantly limited and the likelihood that any claim that would result in any liability extending to the trust account is remote. Further, our sponsor may be liable only to the extent necessary to ensure that the amounts in the trust account are not reduced below: (1) 10.00 per public share; or (2) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.00 per share due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net of permitted withdrawals and will not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. If we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.00 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Please see Item 1A. Risk Factors If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within the completion window or if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholder s vote in connection with our initial business combination alone will not result in a shareholder redeeming its shares for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to the IPO that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been adopted by either the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the issued shares entitled to vote on such matter. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a special resolution must be approved either by at least two-thirds of the shares voted at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

Our initial shareholders and their respective permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter (and subject to lawfully available funds therefor), redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to these provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In addition, we have to provide an opportunity to our shareholders to redeem their shares if we approve an amendment to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months from the closing of the IPO or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

In the event that we enter into a transaction with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA ), or from an independent accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent and disinterested members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering, and approving the transaction; 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to the structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association with approval of the requisite majority of shareholders, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 1330 Avenue of the Americas, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10019. The cost for this space is included in the 20,000 per month fee that we pay an affiliate of our sponsor for office space and secretarial, administrative, consulting and other services. Employees We currently have two officers and do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of our management team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person will devote in any time period to our company will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the current stage of the business combination process. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are registered under the Exchange Act and we have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. The SEC maintains an internet site at http://www.sec.gov that contains such reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contain financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accounting firm. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to shareholders to assist them in assessing the target business. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to United States generally accepted accounting principles GAAP or international financial reporting standards as promulgated by the international accounting standards board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the completion window. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential business combination candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential business combination candidates, we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 
 15 

Table of Contents 

We are required to evaluate our internal control procedures for this annual report as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer an emerging growth company will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of: (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following August 24, 2026, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the end of the prior fiscal year s second fiscal quarter; and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.00 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. References herein to emerging growth company shall have the meaning associated with it in the JOBS Act. Legal Proceedings There is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding in the 12 months preceding the date hereof. 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this annual report, the prospectus associated with our IPO and the registration statement of which such prospectus forms a part before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Summary of Risk Factors Our business is subject to numerous risks and uncertainties. These risks include, but are not limited to, risks associated with: 

being a newly incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination, including risks arising from the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic; 

our public shareholders ability to exercise redemption rights; 

the requirement that we complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame; 

the possibility that NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange; 

being declared an investment company under the Investment Company Act; 

complying with changing laws and regulations; 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; 

the pool of prospective target businesses available to us and the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential business combination opportunities; 

the issuance of additional Class A ordinary shares in connection with a business combination that may dilute the equity interests of our shareholders; 

the incentives to Waverley, our sponsor, officers and directors to complete a business combination to avoid losing their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed; 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; 

Waverley and its affiliates manage a number of funds, separate accounts and other investment vehicles that may compete with us for business combination opportunities; 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or making changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; 

our ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; 

our ability to amend the terms of public warrants in a manner that may be adverse to the holders of public warrants; 

our ability to redeem unexpired public warrants prior to their exercise; 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading; and 

provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and Cayman Islands law. Risks Relating to Our Search for, and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, an Initial Business Combination Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination and, even if we hold a vote, holders of our founder shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction, unless required by law. Except as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our founder shares will participate in the vote. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our public shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. 
 17 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor and each member of our management team also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution for such business combination under Cayman Islands law, subject to any higher consent threshold as may be required by the Cayman Islands or other applicable law. As a result, in respect of an ordinary resolution, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need 8,057,640, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted) or 1,342,940, or 6.25 (assuming only the minimum number of shares representing a quorum are voted), of the outstanding shares to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements or arrange for third-party financing. In addition, if a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our business combination deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the time frame described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per share. The net proceeds of the IPO and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants, in the amount of 214,870,390, will be held in an interest-bearing trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 214,870,390 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per share. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or public warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and the rules of the NYSE. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or public warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or any of their respective affiliates purchase public shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their public shares. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (1) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (2) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such public warrants on any matters submitted to the public warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (3) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. For example, we may require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote on the proposal to approve the initial business combination in the event we distribute proxy solicitation materials, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or public warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of public warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the public warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or public warrants, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 24 months following the closing of the IPO, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. Of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, only 1,595,984 was available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements as of December 31, 2022. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 24 months following the closing of the IPO; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay director and officer liability insurance premiums and fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, members of our management team nor their affiliates is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to retain their securities and remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than the underwriters of the IPO and our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third-party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third-party that has not executed a waiver if our management believes that such third-party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field of potential target businesses that we might pursue. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third-party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. The underwriters of the IPO, as well as our registered independent public accounting firm, did not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the six years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.00 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement (filed as Exhibit 10.2 to this annual report), our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by (A) a third-party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or (B) a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third-party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third-party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.00 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 23 

Table of Contents 

Our independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.00 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.00 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.00 per public share. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy or insolvency estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy or insolvency claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including, without limitation, restrictions on the nature of our investments, and restrictions on the issuance of our securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including, without limitation, registration as an investment company with the SEC, adoption of a specific form of corporate structure, and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and compliance with other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to. 
 24 

Table of Contents 

In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exemption, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading in securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our total assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our anticipated principal activities will deem us to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act. The proceeds held in the trust account may be invested by the trustee only in United States government treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds investing solely in the United States Treasuries and meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act. Because the investment of the proceeds will be restricted to these instruments, we believe we will meet the requirements for the exemption provided in Rule 3a-1 promulgated under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry or sector nor have we selected any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. We may pursue business combination opportunities in any industry or sector, except that we will not, under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, be permitted to effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to retain their securities and remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines and, as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to retain their securities and remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm and, consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our company from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions that the price we are paying is fair and in the best interest of the company from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of our initial business combination, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm. However, our shareholders may not be provided with a copy of such opinion, nor will they be able to rely on such opinion. We may issue additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares with a nominal or par value of 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares with a nominal or par value of 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares with a nominal or par value of 0.0001 per share. There are 478,512,961 and 44,628,240 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: 

may significantly dilute the equity interest of our investors, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in respect of the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; 
 27 

Table of Contents 

may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded by our Class A ordinary shares; 

could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; 

may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and 

may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with up to 214,870,390 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the 7,520,462 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account). We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger share of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 
 29 

Table of Contents 

We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association do not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their respective affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all redemption requests in respect of such Class A ordinary shares would be cancelled, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors, to approve our initial business combination, which may have the effect of delaying or preventing a business combination that our public shareholders would consider favorable. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors to approve our initial business combination. Accordingly, it is unlikely that we will be able to enter into an initial business combination unless Waverley finds the target and the business combination attractive. This may make it more difficult for us to approve and enter into an initial business combination than other blank check companies and could result in us not pursuing an acquisition target or other board or corporate action that our public shareholders would find favorable. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments, including our warrant agreements, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that holders of our securities may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters, memorandum and articles of association and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in person or by proxy at a general meeting of the company, amending our public warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants and amending our private warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares or pre-initial business combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered through this registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 
 30 

Table of Contents 

We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. Although we believe that the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, because we have not yet selected any prospective target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase shares in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. Particularly in light of the challenging macroeconomic environment, we cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders are required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.00 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, rising interest rates, greater volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, capital markets volatility and the COVID-19 pandemic continue to affect both the U.S. and global economies and could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the COVID-19 pandemic may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. Furthermore, economic conditions throughout the world remain uncertain. Financial markets may be adversely affected by current or anticipated military conflict, including between Russia and Ukraine, terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events globally. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months after the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter (and subject to lawfully available funds therefor), redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case, to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if a resolution of the company s shareholders is passed pursuant to the Companies Act to commence the voluntary liquidation of the company, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.00 per public share, or less than 10.00 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.00 per public share and other risk factors herein. A new U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions of our shares. On August 16, 2022, the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. If we were to acquire a domestic corporation or engage in a transaction in which a domestic corporation becomes our parent or our affiliate and our securities trade on a U.S. stock exchange, we may become a covered corporation within the meaning of the IR Act. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation itself, not its shareholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury (the Treasury has been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax. The IR Act applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. Whether and to what extent the Company would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a Business Combination or otherwise, would depend on a number of factors, including (i) the structure of a Business Combination, (ii) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the Business Combination or otherwise, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity issuances in connection with a Business Combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with a Business Combination but issued within the same taxable year of a Business Combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by the Company and not by the redeeming holder, the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the cash available on hand to complete a Business Combination or a reduction in the cash available for a redemption of the Public Shares in connection with a Business Combination or otherwise. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the COVID-19 pandemic and the status of debt and equity markets. On March 11, 2020 the World Health Organization classified the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) as a pandemic. The pandemic, together with resulting voluntary and U.S. federal and state and non-U.S. governmental actions, including, without limitation, mandatory business closures, public gathering limitations, restrictions on travel and quarantines, has meaningfully disrupted the global economy and markets. Although the long-term economic fallout of the COVID-19 pandemic is difficult to predict, it has and is expected to continue to have ongoing material adverse effects across many, if not all, aspects of the regional, national and global economy. The COVID-19 pandemic has resulted, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result, in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic continues to restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with holders of our Class A ordinary shares or the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by the COVID-19 pandemic or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. Risks Relating to Our Securities The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and public warrants, are listed on the NYSE. We cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels, such as a minimum market capitalization (generally 50,000,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, our units will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we are required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share, our total market capitalization would be required to be at least 200 million, the aggregate market value of publicly held shares would be required to be at least 100 million and we would be required to have at least 400 round lot shareholders. We may not be able to meet those listing requirements at that time, especially if there are a significant number of redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. If the NYSE delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: 

a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced liquidity for our securities; 

a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; 

a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, as amended, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units, Class A ordinary shares and public warrants are listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and public warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if we were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 20 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offense and may be liable for a fine of up to approximately 18,000 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands or both. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. 
 34 

Table of Contents 

We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws. However, under the terms of the warrant agreements, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis. However, no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a public warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify for sale the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the IPO. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our directors and officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 
 35 

Table of Contents 

The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and their respective permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement entered into on or prior to the closing of the IPO, our initial shareholders and holders of our private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and their respective permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our private placement warrants or warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans, or their respective permitted transferees are registered for resale. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this annual report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination or otherwise. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; 

our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; 

our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; 

using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; 

limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 

increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and 

limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. The exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in some other blank check company offerings, and, accordingly, the warrants are more likely to expire worthless. The exercise price of the public warrants is higher than in some other blank check companies. For example, historically, the exercise price of a warrant was often a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The exercise price for our public warrants is 11.50 per share, subject to adjustments as provided herein. As a result, the warrants are less likely to ever be in the money and more likely to expire worthless. 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Our initial shareholders paid 25,000, or approximately 0.005 per founder share and, accordingly, you will experience immediate and substantial dilution from the purchase of our Class A ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders acquired the founder shares at a nominal price, significantly contributing to the dilution of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. This dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provisions in respect of the founder shares result in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the founder shares at the time of our initial business combination and would become exacerbated to the extent that public shareholders seek redemptions from the trust for their public shares. In addition, because of the anti-dilution protection in respect of the founder shares, any equity or equity-linked securities or deemed issued in connection with our initial business combination would be disproportionately dilutive to our Class A ordinary shares. The value of the founder shares following completion of our initial business combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. Concurrently with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor invested in us an aggregate of 7,025,000, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the founder shares and the 7,000,000 purchase price for the private placement warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial business combination, the 5,000,000 founder shares would have an aggregate implied value of 50,000,000. Even if the trading price of our ordinary shares was as low as 1.20 per share, and the private placement warrants were worthless, the value of the founder shares would be equal to the sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our sponsor is likely to be able to recoup its investment in us and make a substantial profit on that investment, even if our public shares have lost significant value. Accordingly, our management team, which owns interests in our sponsor, may have an economic incentive that differs from that of the public shareholders to pursue and consummate an initial business combination rather than to liquidate and to return all of the cash in the trust to the public shareholders, even if that business combination were with a riskier or less-established target business. For the foregoing reasons, you should consider our management team s financial incentive to complete an initial business combination when evaluating whether to redeem your shares prior to or in connection with the initial business combination. We may redeem your unexpired public warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your public warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per public warrant, if, among other things, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares has been at least 18.00 per share for any ten (10) trading days within the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the third (3rd) trading day prior to the date on which notice of such redemption is given to the public warrant holders (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a public warrant) for any ten (10) trading days within the twenty (20) trading day period ending on the third (3 rd trading day prior to the date on which notice of such redemption is given to the public warrant holder and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the public warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the public warrants. Redemption of the issued and outstanding public warrants could force you to (i) exercise your public warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your public warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your public warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding public warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your public warrants. None of the public warrants will be redeemable by us so long as they are held by our sponsor or its permitted transferees. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Our management s ability to require holders of our public warrants to exercise such public warrants on a cashless basis will cause holders to receive fewer Class A ordinary shares upon their exercise of the public warrants than they would have received had they been able to exercise their public warrants for cash. If we call our public warrants for redemption after the redemption criteria described elsewhere in this annual report have been satisfied, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its public warrants (including any public warrants held by our sponsor, officers, directors or their permitted transferees) to do so on a cashless basis. If our management chooses to require holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis, the number of Class A ordinary shares received by a holder upon exercise will be fewer than it would have been had such holder exercised their public warrant for cash. This will have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in us. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued public warrants to purchase 7,162,346 of our Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered in the IPO (after giving effect to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters) and, simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we issued in a private placement transaction an aggregate of 4,864,939 private placement warrants (after giving effect to the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriters), each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if our sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 2,000,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,333,333 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redemption of our public warrants. To the extent we issue Class A ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. We, and following our initial business combination, the post-business combination company, may face litigation and other risks as a result of the material weakness we previously identified in our internal control over financial reporting. As a result of the material weakness we previously identified in our internal control over financial reporting, which was remediated as of November 8, 2022, we face potential for litigation or other disputes which may include among others, claims invoking the federal and state securities laws, contractual claims or other claims arising from the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting and the preparation of our financial statements. As of the date of this annual report, we have no knowledge of any such litigation or dispute. However, we can provide no assurance that such litigation or dispute will not arise in the future. Any such litigation or dispute, whether successful or not, could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition or our ability to complete an initial business combination. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this annual report. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, would we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the 
 38 

Table of Contents 

requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions will include a staggered board of directors, the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our initial shareholders, are entitled to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of directors, which may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such 24 months before redemption from our trust account. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 24 months from the closing of the IPO before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon their redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, if a resolution of the company s shareholders is passed pursuant to the Companies Act to commence the voluntary liquidation of the company, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Prior to our initial business combination, holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational documents of our company in such other jurisdiction), in each case by way of ordinary resolution. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. Accordingly, you will not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. In addition, if holders of our founder shares were to continue our company into a jurisdiction within the United States, certain adverse tax consequences may result for holders of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants. The warrants may become exercisable, or, in the case of the public warrants only, redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable or, in the case of the public warrants only, redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your public warrants for securities pursuant to the public warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 20 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by us in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (a) any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller of an interest in the target to us in the initial business combination and (b) any Class A ordinary shares that may be issued upon conversion of any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

We may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your public warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a public warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our public warrants will be issued in registered form under a public warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The public warrant agreement provides that the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake, or defective provision contained therein including to conform the provisions of the public warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the public warrants, as set forth in Exhibit 4.6 of this annual report, and the public warrant agreement, as set forth in Exhibit 4.4 of this annual report, (ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the public warrant agreement as the parties to the public warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the public warrants or (iii) to providing for the delivery of an alternative Issuance (as defined in the public warrant agreement), provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any other modification or amendment to the terms of the public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the public warrants, convert the public warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a public warrant. Risks Relating to Our Management Team Our officers and directors allocate their time to other businesses that may cause conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and do not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, senior management of Waverley will spend a vast majority, if not substantially all, of their business time on their other duties, including to the investment management clients of Waverley. For a complete discussion of our officers and directors other business affairs, see Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our key personnel, at least until we have consummated our initial business combination. None of our officers are required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. If our officers and directors other business affairs require them to devote more substantial amounts of time to their other business activities, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs and could have a negative impact on our ability to consummate our initial business combination. In addition, we do not have employment agreements with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers. The unexpected loss of the services of our key personnel could have a detrimental effect on us. The role of our key personnel after our initial business combination, however, remains to be determined. Although some of our key personnel serve in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that most, if not all, of the management of the target business will remain in place. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a public company which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. Pursuant to the Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, as set forth in Exhibit 10.4 of this annual report, that we entered into with our sponsor in connection with our IPO, our sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement. 
 42 

Table of Contents 

We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to retain their securities and remain shareholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. The officers and directors of an initial business combination candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an initial business combination candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the initial business combination candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. As a result, we may need to reconstitute the management team of the post-transaction company in connection with our initial business combination, which may adversely impact our ability to complete an initial business combination in a timely manner or at all. Our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have, additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including another blank check company and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses or entities. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. In addition, Waverley and our sponsor, officers and directors are and may in the future become affiliated with other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, we renounce, any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both (i) us and (ii) our sponsor and its affiliates, successors and assigns, about which any of our officers or directors who are also a director, manager, officer, member, partner, managing member, employee and/or agent of one or more members of our sponsor and its affiliates, successors and assigns, acquires knowledge, unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such director or officer solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of the company and it is an opportunity that we are able to complete on a reasonable basis. We will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will contain provisions to exculpate and indemnify, to the maximum extent permitted by law, such persons in respect of any liability, obligation or duty to our company that may arise as a consequence of such persons becoming aware of any business opportunity or failing to present such business opportunity. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with Waverley, our sponsor, our directors or our officers, or we may acquire a target business through an Affiliated Joint Acquisition with one or more funds or accounts advised by Waverley and/or one or more investors in funds managed by Waverley. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 
 43 

Table of Contents 

The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our directors and officers discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in the company s best interest. If this were the case, and the directors fail to act in accordance with their fiduciary duties owed to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law, we may have a claim against such individuals. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with Waverley, our sponsor, officers, directors or initial shareholders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of Waverley, our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with Waverley, our sponsor, officers, directors or initial shareholders. Waverley and our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, Waverley and our sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved, and such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Waverley and its affiliates manage a number of Waverley Funds, which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. Waverley and our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or another independent entity that commonly renders valuation opinions regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with Waverley, our sponsor, officers, directors or initial shareholders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Moreover, we may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with an entity affiliated with Waverley and/or one or more investors in funds managed by Waverley. Any such parties may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such parties. Since our initial shareholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they may acquire during or after the IPO), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. After the completion of the IPO (including the exercise in part of the over-allotment option), our sponsor holds 5,371,760 Class B ordinary shares and 4,864,939 private placement warrants. In addition, our sponsor may convert up to 2,000,000 of working capital loans into up to an additional 1,333,333 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.50 per warrant. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period, the founder shares will be worthless and private placement warrants will expire worthless. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and officers. We have agreed to indemnify our officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Involvement of members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes and litigation, governmental investigations or negative publicity unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial business combination. Members of our management team and companies with which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business affairs, including transactions, such as sales and purchases of businesses, and ongoing operations. As a result of such involvement, members of our management and companies with which they are affiliated in have been, and may in the future be, involved in civil disputes, litigation, governmental investigations and negative publicity relating to their business affairs. Any such claims, investigations, lawsuits or negative publicity may be detrimental to our reputation and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States and, therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States, and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: 

costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying with difficult commercial and legal requirements of the overseas market; 

rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; 

tariffs and trade barriers; 

regulations related to customs and import/export matters; 

local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 

unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; 

longer payment cycles; 

tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; 

currency fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates of inflation; 

challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

cultural and language differences; 

employment regulations; 

underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; 

corruption; 

protection of intellectual property; 

social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 

regime changes and political upheaval; 

terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars, including the conflict in Ukraine and the surrounding region; 

deterioration of political relations with the United States; and 

government appropriation of assets. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our management team following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, our management team may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. General Risk Factors We are a recently incorporated company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results, and we did not commence operations until obtaining funding through the closing of our IPO. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. We have not selected any specific business combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any business combination target with respect to an initial business combination with us and may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

Past performance by Waverley, our management team or either of their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us. Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of Waverley, the members of our management team, our independent directors or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. In addition, Waverley advises funds and accounts which have investment mandates that overlap with ours and therefore may compete for investment opportunities with us, and Waverley will not be obligated to present any investment opportunities to us over the funds and accounts it manages. Certain agreements related to the IPO may be amended without shareholder approval. Certain agreements, including the underwriting agreement relating to the IPO, the letter agreement among us and our sponsor, officers and directors, and the Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement among us and our initial shareholders, may be amended without shareholder approval. These agreements contain various provisions that our public shareholders might deem to be material. While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to any of these agreements prior to our initial business combination, it is possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to any such agreement in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination. Any such amendments would not require approval from our shareholders, may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible, and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder (as defined below) of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Additionally, even if we qualify for the start-up exception with respect to a given taxable year, there cannot be any assurance that we would not be a PFIC in other taxable years. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service (the IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election with respect to their Class A ordinary shares, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. As used herein, the term U.S. Holder means a beneficial owner of units, Class A ordinary shares or warrants that is for U.S. federal income tax purposes: 

an individual citizen or resident of the United States; 

a corporation (or other entity treated as a corporation for U.S. federal income tax purposes) that is created or organized (or treated as created or organized) in or under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia; 

an estate the income of which is subject to U.S. federal income taxation regardless of its source; or 

a trust if (A) a court within the United States is able to exercise primary supervision over the administration of the trust and one or more U.S. persons have the authority to control all substantial decisions of the trust, or (B) it has in effect under applicable U.S. Treasury regulations a valid election to be treated as a U.S. person. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination or otherwise and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval, reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. In addition, holders of our founder shares may determine to continue our company in a jurisdiction other than the Cayman Islands. Any such transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. 
 49 

Table of Contents 

We may change our place of incorporation to a jurisdiction within the United States which may result in adverse tax consequences for holders of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants. Holders of our founder shares may continue our company into a jurisdiction within the United States, or such reincorporation may take place in connection with our initial business combination (any such continuation or reincorporation, a Domestication ). U.S. Holders of our Class A ordinary shares or warrants may be subject to U.S. federal income tax as a result of a Domestication. Additionally, non-U.S. Holders of our Class A ordinary shares may become subject to withholding tax on any dividends (including deemed dividends) paid on our new Class A ordinary shares subsequent to the Domestication. The U.S. federal income tax consequences of a Domestication depend in part upon whether the Domestication qualifies as a reorganization within the meaning of Section 368 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the Code ). Assuming that the Domestication so qualifies, a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares may nevertheless recognize gain or, upon election, income equal to its allocable all earnings and profits amount under Section 367(b) of the Code. If we are treated as a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, a U.S. Holder of our Class A ordinary shares (or, if certain proposed Treasury Regulations are finalized in their current form, our warrants) may be required to recognize any gain (but not loss) embedded in such U.S. Holder s Class A ordinary shares (or warrants) at the time of the Domestication under the PFIC rules of the Code. All holders are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to the tax consequences of the Domestication in their particular situation. Other than amendments relating to the appointment and/or the removal of directors prior to our initial business combination and amendments relating to the company s continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (which each such proposed amendment would require the approval of a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in person or by proxy at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares), the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution which requires the approval of the holders of at least two-thirds (or such higher threshold as specified in the company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in person or by proxy at a general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter (or equivalent) which prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) governing the appointment and/or the removal of directors and (ii) provisions relating to the company s continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including but not limited to, approval of the organizational documents of the company in another jurisdiction) prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in person or by proxy at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares (and if the shareholders vote in favor of such act but the approval of a simple majority of the holders of Class B ordinary shares has not yet been obtained, the holders of a simple majority of Class B ordinary shares shall have, in such vote, voting rights equal to the aggregate voting power of all the shareholders of the company who voted in favor of the resolution, plus one). Our initial shareholders and their respective permitted transferees, if any, who will collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our Class A ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which governs our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. 
 50 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to agreements with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Class A ordinary shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, officers or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the business combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will control the outcome, as only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of directors and to continue our company in jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational documents of our company in such other jurisdiction), in each case by way of ordinary resolution prior to our initial business combination. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our initial shareholders. 
 51 

Table of Contents 

Our warrant agreements designate the courts of the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, or the federal district courts of the United States as the exclusive forums for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreements provide that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreements will be brought and enforced in the courts of the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreements will not apply to suits brought to enforce (i) any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder for which Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction, (ii) with respect to suits brought in federal district courts of the United States, any duty, claims, or liability arising under or created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder for which Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts or (iii) any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreements. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of the warrant agreements, is filed in a court other than a court of the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action ), in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions, and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such action brought in such court to enforce the forum provisions by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. However, the enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions (including exclusive federal forum provisions for actions, suits or proceedings asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act) in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings, and there is uncertainty as to whether courts would enforce the exclusive forum provisions in our warrant agreements. Warrant holders who are unable to bring their claims in the judicial forum of their choosing may be required to incur additional costs in pursuit of actions which are subject to our choice-of-forum provision. Additionally, our shareholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Alternatively, if a court were to find these provisions of our warrant agreements to be inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Because each unit contains one-third of one redeemable public warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than units of other blank check companies. Each unit contains one-third of one redeemable public warrant. Pursuant to the public warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole public warrants will trade. If, upon exercise of the public warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares to be issued to the public warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one whole public warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the public warrants upon completion of a business combination since the public warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-third of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole public warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if a unit included a public warrant to purchase one whole share. 
 52 

Table of Contents 

Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by Walkers, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are, or to the extent they are, penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. An investment in our securities may result in uncertain or adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences. An investment in our securities may result in uncertain U.S. federal income tax consequences. For instance, because there are no authorities that directly address instruments similar to our units, the allocation an investor makes with respect to the purchase price of a unit between the Class A ordinary shares and the one-third of a public warrant to purchase one Class A ordinary share included in each unit could be challenged by the IRS or courts. Furthermore, the U.S. federal income tax consequences of a cashless exercise of warrants are unclear under current law. Finally, it is unclear whether the redemption rights with respect to our ordinary shares suspend the running of a U.S. Holder s holding period for purposes of determining whether any gain or loss realized by such holder on the sale or exchange of Class A ordinary shares is long-term capital gain or loss and for determining whether any dividend we pay would be considered qualified dividends for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Prospective investors are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to these and other tax consequences when purchasing, holding or disposing of our securities. 
 53 

Table of Contents 

Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early-stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. Since only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of directors, upon the listing of our shares on the NYSE, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. Only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of directors. As a result, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: 

we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the NYSE; 

we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 

we have a nominating and corporate governance committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. We do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. 
 54 

Table of Contents 

Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. We may engage one or more of the underwriters or their affiliates to provide additional services to us after the IPO. The underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause the underwriters to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the IPO, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. We may engage one or more of the underwriters or their affiliates to provide additional services to us after the IPO, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the underwriters or their affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriters or their affiliates financial interests are tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. We employ a mail forwarding service, which may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner. Mail addressed to us at our registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by us. Neither we, our directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay caused in mail reaching the forwarding address, which may impair your ability to communicate with us. 
 55 

Table of Contents 

There has been and may in the future be diversity in the capital structure, financial accounting policies, and resultant financial reporting by special purpose acquisition companies, which may impact the market price for our Class A ordinary shares and our ability to complete a business combination. On April 12, 2021, the staff of the SEC issued a statement related to warrants issued by special purpose acquisition companies (the SEC Statement ), which resulted in the warrants issued by many special purpose acquisition companies being classified as liabilities rather than equity as previously reported. While we are accounting for our warrants as equity, further statements by the SEC relating to accepted accounting of special purpose acquisition companies could result in the correction of accounting errors in previously issued financial statements, restatements of previously issued audited financial statements, the filing of notices that previously issued financial statements may not be relied upon and findings of material weaknesses and significant deficiencies in internal controls over financial reporting. 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments. None. 

Item 2. 
 Properties. We currently maintain our executive offices at 1330 Avenue of the Americas, 7th Floor, New York, NY 10019. The cost for this space is included in the 20,000 per month fee that we pay an affiliate of our sponsor for office space and secretarial, administrative, consulting and other services. 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings. We are not currently subject to any material legal proceedings, nor, to our knowledge, is any material legal proceeding threatened against us or any of our officers or directors in their corporate capacity. 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures. None. 
 56 

Table of Contents 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. Market Information. Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are traded on the NYSE under the symbols WAVCU , WAVC and WAVCW , respectively. Holders Although there are a larger number of beneficial owners, at March 15, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our separately traded ordinary shares and one holder of record of our separately traded warrants. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any share dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings In March 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On July 28, 2021, our sponsor forfeited 2,875,000 founder shares, resulting in the sponsor continuing to hold 5,750,000 founder shares. In October 2021, as a result of the over-allotment sale described below, our sponsor forfeited 378,240 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in 5,371,760 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares upon completion of the IPO. On August 24, 2021, we completed our IPO of 20,000,000 units at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001 per share, and one-third of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50, subject to certain adjustments. Following the closing of the IPO, an aggregate of 200,000,000 was placed in the trust account. The company incurred 12,432,293 of offering costs in connection with the IPO, comprised of 614,423 of deal costs, 4,297,408 of underwriters discount paid, and 7,520,462 of deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event the company completes a business combination. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the IPO as described in our final prospectus dated August 19, 2021, which was filed with the SEC. 
 57 

Table of Contents 

Concurrently with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 7,000,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 200,000,000 was placed in the trust account at the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50, subject to certain adjustments. On September 3, 2021, we consummated the sale of 1,487,039 over-allotment units. Such over-allotment units were sold at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 14,870,390. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the sale of the over-allotment units, we consummated the private sale of an additional 198,272 private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 297,408. Following the IPO, the sale of the private placement warrants and the partial over-allotment closing, a total of 214,870,390 was placed in the trust account. 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved]. 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion And Analysis Of Financial Condition And Results Of Operations Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues through December 31, 2022. All activity for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the Initial Public Offering as described below and, subsequent to the closing of the Initial Public Offering, identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 1,960,849, which consisted of interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 3,099,333 partially offset by operating costs of 1,138,484. For the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through ended December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 319,872, which consists of operating costs of 325,511, offset by interest income on investments held in the Trust Account of 5,639. Liquidity and Capital Resources On August 24, 2021, we consummated the Initial Public Offering of 20,000,000 Units at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 200,000,000 as described in Note 3 to the financial statements. Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, we consummated the sale of 4,666,667 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement transaction to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,000,000 as described in Note 4 to the financial statements. On September 3, 2021, the company consummated the sale of 1,487,039 Units pursuant to the underwriters exercise of their 45-day over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional 3,000,000 Units (the Over-Allotment Units ). Such Over-Allotment Units were sold at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 14,870,390. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the company consummated the private sale of an additional 198,272 Private Placement Warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per Private Placement Warrant to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 297,408 (together with the sale of the Over-Allotment Units, the Over-Allotment Closing ). Following the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and the Over-Allotment Closing, a total of 214,870,390 was placed in the Trust Account. We incurred 12,432,293 in costs related to the Initial Public Offering, consisting of 4,297,408 of underwriting fees, 7,520,462 of deferred underwriting fees and 614,423 of other offering costs. 
 58 

Table of Contents 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 487,623. Net loss of 1,960,849 was affected by interest earned on investments held in the Trust Account of 3,099,334 and changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 650,861 of cash for operating activities. For the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, cash used in operating activities was 774,348. Net loss of 319,872 was affected by interest earned on investments held in the Trust Account of 5,639 and changes in operating assets and liabilities used 448,837 of cash for operating activities. As of December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the Trust Account of 217,975,362 (including 3,104,972 of interest income) consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 185 days or less. We may withdraw interest from the Trust Account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the Trust Account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the Trust Account (less income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the Trust Account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 1,108,361 held outside of the Trust Account. We intend to use the funds held outside the Trust Account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses and structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the company s executive officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the company funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we would repay such Working Capital Loans. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,000,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrant. In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, management has determined that the Company currently has less than 12 months from the date these financial statements were issued to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (initial completion without an extension ends on August 24, 2023), the mandatory liquidation requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated in the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with US GAAP, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the critical accounting policies set forth below. 
 59 

Table of Contents 

Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption The company accounts for its ordinary shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance enumerated in ASC 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity . Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. The company s Class A ordinary shares feature contains certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the company s control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are classified as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the company s balance sheet. Given the above, the management determined that to the extent funds are available, shares of the company s redeemable equity should be reported as temporary equity. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, 21,487,039 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the company s balance sheet. Net income (loss) per share Net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net loss by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period. The company applies the two-class method in calculating earnings per share. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. . The calculation of diluted income (loss) per ordinary share does not consider the effect of the warrants issued in connection with the (i) Public Offering, (ii) exercise of over-allotment and (iii) Private Placement, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon the occurrence of future events. As a result, diluted earnings per ordinary share is the same as basic earnings per ordinary share for the periods presented. The warrants are exercisable to purchase 12,027,285 Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2022 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2020-06 on January 1, 2022 and the adoption did not have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Following the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, the net proceeds of our Initial Public Offering, including amounts in the trust account, have been invested in U.S. government treasury bills, notes or bonds with a maturity of 185 days or less or in certain money market funds that invest solely in U.S. treasuries. Due to the short-term nature of these investments, we believe there will be no associated material exposure to interest rate risk. 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data This information appears following Item 15 of this annual report and is included herein by reference. 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None. 
 60 

Table of Contents 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective. Our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for us. Under the supervision and with the participation of our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, our management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022 based on criteria specified in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our assessment, our management, including our chief executive officer and chief financial officer, concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 61 

Table of Contents 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information. None. 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. Not applicable. PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. Our current directors and executive officers are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 

Edgar Bronfman Jr. 
 
 67 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Daniel Leff 
 
 54 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Alan Henricks 
 
 72 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 David Gandler 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Jeff Bewkes 
 
 70 
 
 Director 
 
 Chris Silbermann 
 
 55 
 
 Director 
 
 Alfred Osborne 
 
 78 
 
 Director 
 Edgar Bronfman Jr. Chairman of the Board of Directors . Mr. Bronfman serves as our Chairman. Mr. Bronfman is the Co-Founder, Chairman and General Partner of Waverley. He is also Senior Advisor and Special Limited Partner of Luminari Capital (the predecessor fund to Waverley). Prior to Waverley, Mr. Bronfman was the Chairman and CEO of Warner Music Group, one of the world s largest music companies. During his tenure, WMG was named one of Fortune Magazine s Most Admired Companies in 2007, the first ever music company to receive the honor and, in 2009, was recognized as one of the World s 50 Most Innovative Companies by Fast Company magazine. As a creator, Mr. Bronfman has produced films starring Peter Sellers and Jack Nicholson, and has written songs for artists such as Celine Dion, Barbra Streisand, Dionne Warwick, Smokey Robinson, Donna Summer and Ashford Simpson, among many others. Mr. Bronfman served on the board of InterActiveCorp (NASDAQ: IAC) for over 20 years and recently served as a Director of Falcon Capital Acquisition Corp., a special purpose acquisition company that recently consummated a business combination with Sharecare, Inc. He currently serves as Executive Chairman of the board of fuboTV (NYSE: FUBO), a live TV streaming platform for sports, news, and entertainment, as well as Executive Chairman of Global Thermostat LLC, a pioneering company designed to develop and commercialize a technology for the direct capture of carbon dioxide, and as Chairman of the board of Endeavor Global, a non-profit organization pioneering a new approach to international development. In addition, he serves on the boards of Insureon Holdings, LLC, Everspring Inc., Endel Sound GmbH and the New York University Elaine A. and Kenneth G. Langone Medical Center, and is a member of the Council on Foreign Relations. Daniel Leff Chief Executive Officer and Director . Dr. Leff serves as our CEO. Dr. Leff is the Co-Founder and Managing Partner of Waverley. He is also Founder and Managing Partner of Luminari Capital (the predecessor fund to Waverley). Prior to co-founding Waverley and founding Luminari Capital L.P., Dr. Leff was a Partner with Globespan Capital Partners in the firm s Palo Alto office. Earlier in his career, Dr. Leff worked for Sevin Rosen Funds and Redpoint Ventures. He also previously held engineering, marketing and strategic investment positions with Intel Corporation, and served as Director of Roku (NASDAQ: ROKU) from 2011-2018. Dr. Leff has been an investor in a multitude of media and technology companies including 1Mainstream (sold to Cisco Systems), Art19 (sold to Amazon), Elemental Technologies (sold to Amazon), Endel, fuboTV (NYSE:FUBO), Matterport (NASDAQ:MTTR), MikMak, MOVL (sold to Samsung), PlutoTV (sold to Viacom), Roku, The Athletic (sold to the New York Times), Wink, Wondery (sold to Amazon) and others. He currently serves as a director of fuboTV (NYSE: FUBO), a live TV streaming platform for sports, news, and entertainment, where he sits on the audit committee. He also serves as a director of Professional Fighters League. Dr. Leff earned a Bachelor of Science degree in Chemistry from The University of California, Berkeley and a Ph.D. in Physical Chemistry from the University of California, Los Angeles. Dr. Leff also earned an MBA from The UCLA Anderson Graduate School of Management, where he was an Anderson Venture Fellow and where he currently serves on the board of advisors. 
 62 

Table of Contents 

Alan Henricks Chief Financial Officer . Mr. Henricks serves as our Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Henricks is a 45-year veteran of Silicon Valley, working for media, entertainment and technology firms. He serves as the ChowNow board s audit committee chair, the OpenSpace Labs board s audit committee chair, and previously served as the Roku (NASDAQ: ROKU) board s audit committee chair from 2013 to 2021. He has also served on the board of Model N (NYSE:MODN) for 6 years and currently serves on the board of Motiv Power Systems, Inc. Prior to this, he served on the boards of Ellie Mae (NYSE:ELLI), A10 Networks (NYSE:ATEN) and Applied Predictive Technologies (sold to MasterCard). Alan served as CFO during IPOs at Documentum (NASDAQ: DCTM) and Borland (NASDAQ:BORL), and was CFO at Ring (sold to Amazon), Pure Digital Technologies (sold to Cisco), Traiana (sold to ICAP), Interwoven (NASDAQ: IWOV) and Maxim Integrated Products (NASDAQ: MXIM). He served as Finance VP of Atari, a division of Warner Communications, for 6 years. He holds a bachelor s degree in Engineering from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology and an MBA from the Stanford University Graduate School of Business. David Gandler Director . Mr. Gandler serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Gandler is the co-founder of fuboTV (NYSE: FUBO), the live TV streaming platform that is transforming how people watch sports, news and entertainment, and has served as its CEO since March 2014. Prior to joining fuboTV, Mr. Gandler served from 2013 to 2014, as Vice President, Ad Sales at DramaFever, a video streaming service acquired in 2016 by Warner Bros. Entertainment Inc. Prior to 2013, Mr. Gandler held positions at Scripps Networks Interactive, Inc., Time Warner Cable and Telemundo, a division of NBCUniversal Media, LLC. Mr. Gandler received a B.A. degree in economics from Boston University. Mr. Gandler brings our board his considerable experience in the digital media industry as well as the operational insight and expertise he has accumulated as Chief Executive Officer of fuboTV. Jeff Bewkes Director . Mr. Bewkes serves as a member of our board of directors. Mr. Bewkes served as the Chairman and CEO of Time Warner Inc. from 2008 to 2018. He was elected Chairman of the board of directors in January 2009, having served on the board of directors since January 2007. Mr. Bewkes previously served as Time Warner s President and COO from January 2006 to December 2007 and as Chairman of the Entertainment and Networks group from July 2002 to December 2005. Before joining the corporate management of Time Warner, Mr. Bewkes served as Chairman and CEO of HBO from May 1995 to July 2002, and as President and COO of HBO from September 1991 to May 1995. Mr. Bewkes serves on the boards of directors of Imagine Entertainment, the Brookings Institution, Section4, Inc., and NJoy Holdings, Inc. Mr. Bewkes has a BA from Yale University and an MBA from the Stanford Graduate School of Business. Chris Silbermann Director . Mr. Silbermann serves as a member of our board of directors. He is Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director Partner at ICM Partners, a global talent and literary agency representing clients in the fields of television, motion pictures, sports, publishing, broadcasting, music, theatre, corporate marketing and new media. In addition to running the day-to-day management of the agency, which encompasses a team of more than 600 employees in Los Angeles, New York, Washington, DC and London, Mr. Silbermann personally guides the careers of some of the most influential creative voices of our generation. He joined ICM in 2007, upon the agency s acquisition of The Broder Webb Chervin Silbermann Agency, where he was a managing partner. In 2012, he led the management buyout of the agency that returned control and ownership of the company to a newly created partnership. In 2020, ICM completed 3 acquisitions, most notably that of The Stellar Group in the UK, the world s #1 global sports agency representing football, rugby, American football and track and field athletes. This division of the agency now operates as ICM Stellar Sports. Mr. Silbermann is also an angel investor in a multitude of media, entertainment, and technology startups. 
 63 

Table of Contents 

Alfred Osborne Director . Dr. Osborne serves as a member of our board of directors. He retired from UCLA in July 2022 and is now an Emeritus Professor. He previously served as the Senior Associate Dean for external affairs at the UCLA Anderson School of Management from 2003 to 2022. He also served as Interim Dean from July 2018 to June 2019. Osborne has been a Professor of Global Economics, Management and Entrepreneurship from 2008 to 2022 and is the founder and faculty Director of the Harold and Pauline Price Center for Entrepreneurship and Innovation in the Anderson School. Previous positions include service as an Economic Fellow at the Brookings Institution where he directed studies at the Securities and Exchange Commission that contributed to changes in Rule 144, Regulation D and other exemptive requirements to the securities laws designed to lower costs and improve liquidity and capital market access to venture capitalists and emerging growth companies. His board and governance experience spans 40 years and includes positions on the board of directors at the Times Mirror Company, Nordstrom Inc., Greyhound Lines, US Filter Corporation, K2 Inc. and First Interstate Bank of California among others. Dr. Osborne is currently a director of Kaiser Aluminum (Nasdaq:KALU) where he serves as the Lead Independent Director, First Pacific Advisors (FPA) family of mutual funds, and Chairman of Wedbush Capital. He is also Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer of A.E. Osborne Associates. His not-for-profit affiliations include serving as a trustee of Harvard-Westlake School and a director of the Los Angeles Police Memorial Foundation. He was educated at Stanford University where he earned a BS in Electrical Engineering, an MBA in Finance, an MA in Economics and a Ph.D. in Business-Economics. Involvement in Certain Legal Proceedings In June 2010, Mr. Bronfman was part of a trial in the Trial Court in Paris involving six other individuals, including the former Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Operating Officer of Vivendi Universal. The other individuals faced various criminal charges and civil claims relating to Vivendi, including Vivendi s financial disclosures, the appropriateness of executive compensation and trading in Vivendi stock. Mr. Bronfman previously served as the Vice Chairman of Vivendi and faced a charge and claims relating to certain trading in Vivendi stock in January 2002. At the trial, the public prosecutor and the lead civil claimant both took the position that Mr. Bronfman should be acquitted. In January 2011, the court found Mr. Bronfman guilty of the charge relating to his trading in Vivendi stock, found him not liable to the civil claimants and imposed a fine of 5 million euros and a suspended sentence of fifteen months. Mr. Bronfman appealed the Trial Court decision to the Paris Court of Appeal. In November 2013, Mr. Bronfman participated in a re-trial before a new judicial panel as part of his appeal of the Paris Trial Court s 2011 ruling. In May 2014, the new judicial panel rendered its decision, affirming the Paris Trial Court s finding that Mr. Bronfman was guilty of the charge, but stated that its finding would appear only in French judicial records (and not in Mr. Bronfman s public record), removed the suspended sentence imposed by the Paris Trial Court and suspended 2.5 million euros of the original fine of 5 million euros. The new judicial panel affirmed the Paris Trial Court s finding that Mr. Bronfman was not liable to the civil claimants. Mr. Bronfman appealed the verdict. On April 20, 2017, the Appellate Court rejected the appeal. Mr. Bronfman believes that his trading in Vivendi stock was proper and pursued a challenge to the Appellate Court s decision before the European Court of Human Rights. The European Court of Human Rights declined to hear the challenge. Putative shareholders of fuboTV filed purported class action lawsuits against fuboTV and certain of its officers and directors alleging violations of federal securities laws through the dissemination of false and misleading statements regarding fuboTV s financial health and operating condition. In connection with the same allegations, a putative shareholder also filed a derivative lawsuit on behalf of fuboTV against certain of its officers and directors alleging breach of fiduciary duties and corporate waste. Each of Edgar Bronfman Jr and David Gandler was named as a defendant in the securities lawsuit. Each of Edgar Bronfman Jr, Daniel Leff and David Gandler was named as a defendant in the derivative lawsuit. Each of these lawsuits was dismissed in the first quarter of 2022. 
 64 

Table of Contents 

Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of six members. Holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of all of our directors prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended if approved by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in person or by proxy at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our founder shares (and if the shareholders vote in favor of such act but the approval of a simple majority of the holders of Class B ordinary shares has not yet been obtained, the holders of a simple majority of Class B ordinary shares shall have, in such vote, voting rights equal to the aggregate voting power of all the shareholders of the company who voted in favor of the resolution, plus one). Approval of our initial business combination will require the affirmative vote of a majority of our board of directors. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Alfred Osborne and Jeff Bewkes, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Chris Silbermann and David Gandler, will expire at our second annual general meeting. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Edgar Bronfman Jr. and Daniel Leff, will expire at our third annual general meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of shareholders until after we consummate our initial business combination. Subject to any other special rights applicable to the shareholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by a majority of the holders of our founder shares. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that our officers may consist of a Chairman of the board of directors, Chief Executive Officer, a President, a Chief Financial Officer, Vice Presidents, a Secretary, a Treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Director Independence The NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that each of Mr. Gandler, Mr. Bewkes, Mr. Osborne and Mr. Silbermann are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled sessions at which only independent directors are present. Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities are first listed on the NYSE through the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we will reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space and secretarial, administrative, consulting and other services provided to us in the amount of 20,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and executive officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial business combination. 
 65 

Table of Contents 

After the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Both our audit committee and our compensation committee are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules of NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of NYSE require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that was approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. Audit Committee The members of our audit committee are Alfred Osborne, Chris Silbermann and Jeff Bewkes. Alfred Osborne serves as chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the purpose and principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits, and adequacy of our accounting and control systems; 

monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; 

verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; 

inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; 

appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; 

determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 
 66 

Table of Contents 

establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; 

monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the IPO and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the IPO; and 

reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. The audit committee is governed by a charter that complies with the rules of the NYSE. Compensation Committee The members of our Compensation Committee are Chris Silbermann and Alfred Osborne. Chris Silbermann serves as chairman of the compensation committee. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibility of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; 

reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; 

producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and 

reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. The charter complies with the rules of the NYSE. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. 
 67 

Table of Contents 

Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee The members of our nominating and corporate governance committee are Jeff Bewkes and David Gandler. Jeff Bewkes serves as chair of the nominating and corporate governance committee. We adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting nominees generally will provide that persons to be nominated: 

should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; 

should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and 

should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. The nominating committee considers a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background and integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and will also consider the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our officers currently serve, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the board of directors or compensation committee of any entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires our officers, directors and persons who beneficially own more than ten percent of our ordinary shares to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. These reporting persons are also required to furnish us with copies of all Section 16(a) forms they file. Based solely upon a review of such forms, we believe that during the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, there were no delinquent filers. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. You will be able to review this document by accessing our public filings at our website https://waverleycorp1.com/investor-relations/default.aspx. In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 68 

Table of Contents 

Corporate Governance Guidelines Our board of directors adopted corporate governance guidelines in accordance with the corporate governance rules of the NYSE that serve as a flexible framework within which our board of directors and its committees operate. These guidelines cover a number of areas including board membership criteria and director qualifications, director responsibilities, board agenda, roles of the chairman of the board, chief executive officer and presiding director, meetings of independent directors, committee responsibilities and assignments, board member access to management and independent advisors, director communications with third parties, director compensation, director orientation and continuing education, evaluation of senior management and management succession planning. A copy of our corporate governance guidelines is posted on our website. Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, directors owe the following fiduciary duties: 

duty to act in good faith in what the director believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; 

duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; 

directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; 

duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and 

duty to exercise independent judgment. In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of skill and care which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge skill and experience of that director. As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be forgiven and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders, provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Waverley and certain of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary and contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of Waverley or our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, he or she may be required to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for both (i) us and (ii) our sponsor and its affiliates, successors and assigns, about which any of our officers or directors who are also a director, manager, officer, member, partner, managing member, employee and/or agent of one or more members of our sponsor and its affiliates, successors and assigns, acquires knowledge. We will waive any claim or cause of action we may have in respect thereof. Waverley and its affiliates manage a number of Waverley Funds, which may compete with us for acquisition opportunities. If these Waverley Funds decide to pursue any such opportunity or have existing investments in the issuer of such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing such opportunities. In addition, investment ideas generated within Waverley, including by any director affiliated with Waverley, may be suitable for both us and for a current or future Waverley Fund and, in such a case, will be directed to such Waverley Fund rather than to us. 
 69 

Table of Contents 

Neither Waverley nor any members of our management team who are also employed by Waverley have any obligation to present us with any opportunity for a potential business combination of which they become aware. Waverley and/or members of our management team, in their capacities as officers, directors or employees of Waverley or in their other endeavors, may choose to present potential business combinations to the related entities described above, current or future Waverley Funds, or third parties, before they present such opportunities to us. In addition, we may be limited in our ability to make investments and to sell existing investments because Waverley may have material, non-public information regarding the issuers of the applicable securities or as a result of an existing investment by Waverley. We may acquire a target from or, in which, one or more Waverley Funds have an existing investment (or makes an investment at the same time or subsequently) at a different or overlapping level of the target s capital structure, creating a potential conflict between our position and the applicable Waverley Funds position especially in the event of a bankruptcy. Waverley, Waverley employees and Waverley Funds may also have or make investments in, establish or serve on the boards of, businesses that compete with, provide services to, transact with, or otherwise have significant business relationships with the businesses we invest or seek to invest in. We may also forego an attractive investment opportunity as a result of an existing investment in the target or a competitor of the target by Waverley, a Waverley Fund or principals or employees of Waverley, or to otherwise mitigate any conflict of interest or the perception of any conflict of interest. Waverley and our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. As a result, Waverley and our sponsor, officers and directors could have conflicts of interest in determining whether to present business combination opportunities to us or to any other blank check company with which they may become involved. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. In addition, Waverley and our sponsor, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time or resources to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time and resources among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We may, at our option, pursue an Affiliated Joint Acquisition opportunity with one or more entities affiliated with Waverley and/or one or more Waverley Funds and/or one or more investors in Waverley Funds. Such entity may co-invest with us in the target business at the time of our initial business combination, or we could raise additional proceeds to complete the acquisition by making a specified future issuance to any such entity. Any participation by such entity in a Joint Acquisition or co-investment may be under terms that are different and more favorable to such entity than those applicable to us. Expenses incurred in connection with any Joint Acquisition or co-investment (including any broken deal expenses) may get allocated between us and such entity, which allocation is inherently subjective and creates a conflict of interest between Waverley and us. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Edgar Bronfman Jr. 
 
 Waverley Capital, L.P. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Chairman and General Partner 

fuboTV Inc. 
 
 Broadcasting 
 
 Executive Chairman 

Luminari Capital, L.P. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Senior Advisor and Special Limited Partner 

Global Thermostat Operations, LLC 
 
 Environmental Services 
 
 Executive Chairman 

Insureon Holdings, LLC 
 
 Insurance 
 
 Director 

Everspring Inc. 
 
 Education 
 
 Director 

Endel Sound GmbH. 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 
 
 Daniel Leff 
 
 Waverley Capital, L.P. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Co-Founder and Managing Partner 

Luminari Capital, L.P. 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Founder and Managing Partner 

fuboTV Inc. 
 
 Broadcasting 
 
 Director 

Professional Fighters League 
 
 Entertainment 
 
 Director 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s Business 
 
 Affiliation 

Alan Henricks 
 
 ChowNow, Inc. 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 

Model N, Inc. 
 
 Software Application 
 
 Director 

Motiv Power Systems, Inc. 
 
 Industrial 
 
 Director 

OpenSpace Labs 
 
 Software 
 
 Director 
 
 David Gandler 
 
 fuboTV Inc. 
 
 Broadcasting 
 
 Co-Founder, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Jeff Bewkes 
 
 Section4, Inc. 
 
 Education 
 
 Director 

Imagine Entertainment 
 
 Entertainment 
 
 Director 

NJoy Holdings, Inc. 
 
 Consumer Staples 
 
 Director 
 
 Chris Silbermann 
 
 ICM Partners 
 
 Talent and Literary Agency 
 
 Chief Executive Officer, Managing Director and Partner 

Alfred Osborne 
 
 Kaiser Aluminum, Inc. 
 
 Materials 
 
 Director 

First Pacific Advisors, LLC 
 
 Investments 
 
 Director 

Wedbush Capital 
 
 Investments 
 
 Director and Chairman 

A.E. Osborne Associates 
 
 Management Consulting Services 
 
 Chairman, President and Chief Executive Officer 
 If any of the above officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for any of the above entities to which he or she has current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she may be required to honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, and only present it to us if such entity rejects the opportunity. Holders of our Class A ordinary shares should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 

Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive, to the extent such exist, their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) our initial business combination, and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to waive, to the extent such exist, their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except pursuant to limited exceptions as described under Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants , our sponsor and our initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of an initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Because our directors own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly, they may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. 
 71 

Table of Contents 

Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, Waverley and our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event that we seek to complete our initial business combination with a business that is affiliated with any such persons, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business combination, we expect that the independent and disinterested members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering, and approving the transaction. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we will also reimburse an affiliate of our sponsor for office space and secretarial, administrative, consulting and other services provided to us in the amount of 20,000 per month. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution for such business combination under Cayman Islands law or such higher approval threshold as may be required by Cayman Islands law, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to common law or public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, actual fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own willful default, willful neglect or actual fraud. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. 
 72 

Table of Contents 

Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation. None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. We pay monthly recurring expenses of 20,000 to an affiliate of our sponsor for office space and secretarial, administrative, consulting and other services. Upon completion of the initial business combination or our liquidation, the company will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of the initial business combination takes the maximum 24 months, an affiliate of the sponsor will be paid a total of 480,000 20,000 per month) for office space and secretarial, administrative, consulting and other services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. Our sponsor, executive officers, directors, or any of their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our sponsor, executive officers, directors and our or their affiliates. After the completion of our business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our executive officers will be determined by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors. We may not take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after the initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Shareholder Matters. We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of the date of this annual report, by: 

each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; 

each of our executive officers and directors; and 
 73 

Table of Contents 

all our executive officers and directors as a group. Unless otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. The following table does not reflect record or beneficial ownership of the private placement warrants as these warrants are not exercisable within 60 days of the date of this annual report. 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 
 Number of Shares Beneficially Owned 

Percentage of Outstanding Ordinary Shares 

WCAC1 Sponsor LLC (our sponsor) 

5,371,760 
 (2)(3) 

20.0 

Edgar Bronfman Jr.(3) 

Daniel Leff(3) 

Alan Henricks(3) 

David Gandler(3) 

Jeff Bewkes(3) 

Chris Silbermann(3) 

Alfred Osborne(3) 

D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C. 

1,980,000 
 (4) 

9.2 

Guggenheim Capital, LLC 

1,520,524 
 (5) 

7.08 

Weiss Asset Management LP 

1,117,936 
 (6) 

5.2 

Empyrean Capital Overseas Master Fund, Ltd. 

1,624,000 
 (7) 

7.6 

All officers and directors as a group (7 individuals) 

225,000 
 (2) 

Less than one percent. 

(1) 
 Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 1330 Avenue of the Americas New York, NY 10019. 

(2) 
 Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described in our registration statement. 

(3) 
 The shares reported above are held in the name of our sponsor. Our sponsor is controlled by Waverley. These shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by Edgar Bronfman, Jr. and Daniel Leff, who are the managers of the Sponsor. Messrs. Henricks, Gandler, Bewkes, Silberman and Osborne are non-managing members of the sponsor 

(4) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on September 3, 2021 by D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C., D. E. Shaw Co., L.L.C., D. E. Shaw Co., L.P. and Mr. David E. Shaw (collectively, the D. E. Shaw Parties ), the business address of such parties is 1166 Avenue of the Americas, 9th Floor New York, NY 10036. The D. E. Shaw Parties hold 1,980,000 Class A ordinary shares. Such securities are held through D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the state of Delaware; D. E. Shaw Co., L.L.C., a limited liability company organized under the laws of the state of Delaware, which serves as the manager of D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C.; D. E. Shaw Co., L.P., a limited partnership organized under the laws of the state of Delaware, which serves as investment adviser of D. E. Shaw Valence Portfolios, L.L.C.; and Mr. David E. Shaw, an individual and citizen of the United States of America, who serves as President and sole shareholder of D. E. Shaw Co., Inc., which is the general partner of D. E. Shaw Co., L.P., and D. E. Shaw Co. II, Inc., which is the managing member of D. E. Shaw Co., L.L.C. 
 74 

Table of Contents 

(5) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 15, 2023 by Guggenheim Capital, LLC, Guggenheim Partners, LLC, GI Holdco II LLC, GI Holdco LLC, Guggenheim Partners Investment Management Holdings, LLC and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management, LLC GPIM (collectively, the Guggenheim Parties ). The business address of Guggenheim Capital, LLC and Guggenheim Partners, LLC is 227 West Monroe Street, Chicago, IL 60606. The business address of GI Holdco II LLC, GI Holdco LLC and Guggenheim Partners Investment Management Holdings, LLC is 330 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10017. The business address of GPIM is 100 Wilshire Boulevard, 5th Floor, Santa Monica, CA 90401. The Guggenheim Parties hold 1,520,524 Class A ordinary shares. Such securities are held through Guggenheim Capital, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, as the majority owner of Guggenheim Partners, LLC, GI Holdco II LLC, GI Holdco LLC, Guggenheim Partners Investment Management Holdings, LLC and GPIM; Guggenheim Partners, LLC. a Delaware limited liability company, which indirectly beneficially owns 1,489,324 shares; GI Holdco II LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which indirectly beneficially owns 1,489,324 shares; GI Holdco LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which indirectly beneficially owns 1,489,324 shares; Guggenheim Partners Investment Management Holdings, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which indirectly beneficially owns 1,489,324 shares; GPIM, a Delaware limited liability company, which serves as a registered investment adviser and directly beneficially owns 1,489,324 shares; and other subsidiaries of Guggenheim Capital, LLC (the Subsidiaries ), which hold 31,200 shares and shares investment discretion over 146,124 shares with GPIM. 

(6) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 10, 2023 by Weiss Asset Management LP, WAM GP LLC and Andrew M. Weiss (collectively, Weiss Asset Management Parties ). The business address of such parties is 222 Berkeley St., 16 th floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. The Weiss Asset Management Parties hold 1,117,936 Class A ordinary shares. Such securities are held through Weiss Asset Management LP, a Delaware limited partnership; WAM GP LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which is the sole general partner of Weiss Asset Management LP; and Andrew Weiss, an individual and citizen of the United States of America, who serves as the managing member of WAM GP LLC. 

(7) 
 According to Schedule 13G, filed on February 14, 2023 by Empyrean Capital Overseas Master Fund, Ltd., Empyrean Capital Partners, LP, and Mr. Amos Meron (collectively, Empyrean Parties ). The business address of such parties is c/o Empyrean Capital Partners, LP, 10250 Constellation Boulevard, Suite 2950, Los Angeles, CA 90067. The Empyrean Parties hold 1,624,000 Class A ordinary shares. Such securities are held through Empyrean Capital Overseas Master Fund, Ltd. ECOMF ), a Cayman Island exempted company; Empyrean Capital Partners, LP ECP ), a Delaware limited partnership, which serves as investment manager to ECOMF with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares directly held by ECOMF; and Mr. Amos Meron, who serves as the managing member of Empyrean Capital, LLC, the general partner of ECP, with respect to the Class A Ordinary Shares directly held by ECOMF. Our sponsor beneficially owns 20 of the issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Our sponsor will have the right to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of all of our directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination as a result of holding all of the founder shares. In addition, because of this ownership block, our initial shareholders may be able to effectively influence the outcome of all matters requiring approval by our shareholders, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approval of significant corporate transactions. In March 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On July 28, 2021, our sponsor forfeited 2,875,000 founder shares, resulting in the sponsor continuing to hold 5,750,000 founder shares. In October 2021, as a result of the over-allotment sale described below, our sponsor forfeited 378,240 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in 5,371,760 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares upon completion of the IPO. Concurrently with the completion of the IPO, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 4,666,667 warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant, or 7,000,000 in the aggregate. An aggregate of 200,000,000 was placed in the trust account at the time of closing of the IPO. Each whole private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50, subject to certain adjustments. 
 75 

Table of Contents 

On September 3, 2021, we consummated the sale of 1,487,039 over-allotment units. Such over-allotment units were sold at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 14,870,390. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the sale of the over-allotment units, we consummated the private sale of an additional 198,272 private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant to the sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 297,408. Following the IPO, the sale of the private placement warrants and the partial over-allotment closing, a total of 214,870,390 was placed in the trust account. Our sponsor and our executive officers and directors are deemed to be our promoters as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. See Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence below for additional information regarding our relationships with our promoters. 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. In March 2021, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 8,625,000 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. On July 28, 2021, our sponsor forfeited 2,875,000 founder shares, resulting in the sponsor continuing to hold 5,750,000 founder shares. In October 2021, as a result of the over-allotment sale described below, our sponsor forfeited 378,240 Class B ordinary shares, resulting in 5,371,760 Class B ordinary shares outstanding. The number of founder shares issued was determined based on the expectation that the founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding ordinary shares upon completion of the IPO. Our sponsor purchased 4,666,667 private placement warrants for a purchase price of 1.50 per warrant in a private placement that occurred simultaneously with the closing of the IPO. On September 3, 2021, we consummated the sale of 1,487,039 over-allotment units. Substantially concurrently with the closing of the sale of the over-allotment units, our sponsor purchased an additional 198,272 private placement warrants at a purchase price of 1.50 per private placement warrant, generating gross proceeds of 297,408. As such, our sponsor s interest in the IPO is valued at 7,297,408. Each private placement warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50, subject to adjustment as provided herein. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) may not, subject to certain limited exceptions, be transferred, assigned or sold by our sponsor until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Each of Daniel Leff, our Chief Executive Officer, Alan Henricks, our Chief Financial Officer, Edgar Bronfman Jr., our Chairman, and David Gandler, a member of our board of directors, has an economic interest in the founder shares and private placement warrants purchased by our sponsor as a result of his membership interest in our sponsor. As described in Item 1. Business Sourcing of Potential Business Combination Targets and Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Conflicts of Interest. , if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity which is suitable for one or more entities to which he or she has fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties, he or she will honor these obligations and duties to present such business combination opportunity to such entities first, and only present it to us if such entities reject the opportunity and he or she determines to present the opportunity to us. Our officers and directors currently have other relevant fiduciary, contractual or other obligations or duties that may take priority over their duties to us. On March 6, 2021, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 400,000 to cover expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note. The loan was non-interest bearing, unsecured and due on the earlier of December 31, 2021 or the closing of the IPO. We borrowed 170,000 under this promissory note and repaid the full outstanding balance of the promissory note in connection with the IPO on March 6, 2021. We entered into an Administrative Services Agreement pursuant to which we will also pay an affiliate of our sponsor a total of 20,000 per month for office space and secretarial, administrative, consulting and other services. Upon completion of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. Accordingly, in the event the consummation of our initial business combination takes the maximum 24 months, an affiliate of our sponsor will be paid a total of 480,000 20,000 per month) for office space and secretarial, administrative, consulting and other services and will be entitled to be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses. 
 76 

Table of Contents 

Our sponsor, officers and directors or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, directors or our or any of their respective affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors may, but none of them is obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete our initial business combination, we would repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us. In the event that our initial business combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from our trust account would be used for such repayment. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants issued to our sponsor. The terms of such loans by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. We do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors, if any, as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us, if any, may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a shareholder meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive officer and director compensation. We have entered into a registration rights agreement with respect to the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants issued upon conversion of working capital loans (if any). The holders of the founder shares, private placement warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans (and any ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the private placement warrants or warrants issued upon conversion of the working capital loans and upon conversion of the founder shares) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, requiring us to register such securities for resale (in the case of the founder shares, only after conversion to Class A ordinary shares). The holders of these securities will be entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form registration demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination and rights to require us to register for resale such securities pursuant to Rule 415 under the Securities Act. However, the registration rights agreement provides that we will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lock-up period, which occurs: (i) in the case of the founder shares, on the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial business combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property, and (2) in the case of the private placement warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. 
 77 

Table of Contents 

Related Party Policy We had not yet adopted a formal policy for the review, approval or ratification of related party transactions as of the completion of the IPO. Accordingly, the transactions discussed above were not reviewed, approved or ratified in accordance with any such policy. Since the completion of the IPO, we have adopted a code of ethics requiring us to avoid, wherever possible, all conflicts of interests, except under guidelines or resolutions approved by our board of directors (or the appropriate committee of our board) or as disclosed in our public filings with the SEC. Under our code of ethics, conflict of interest situations will include any financial transaction, arrangement or relationship (including any indebtedness or guarantee of indebtedness) involving the company. In addition, our audit committee, pursuant to a written charter, is responsible for reviewing and approving related party transactions to the extent that we enter into such transactions. An affirmative vote of a majority of the members of the audit committee present at a meeting at which a quorum is present is required in order to approve a related party transaction. A majority of the members of the entire audit committee constitutes a quorum. Without a meeting, the unanimous written consent of all of the members of the audit committee is required to approve a related party transaction. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or any of their affiliates. These procedures are intended to determine whether any such related party transaction impairs the independence of a director or presents a conflict of interest on the part of a director, employee or officer. To further minimize conflicts of interest, we have agreed not to consummate an initial business combination with an entity that is affiliated with any of our sponsor, officers or directors unless we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, have obtained an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. There will be no finder s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our sponsor, officers or directors or our or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to us prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). However, the following payments will be, or have been, made to our sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates, and, if made prior to our initial business combination will be made from (i) funds held outside the trust account or (ii) permitted withdrawals: 

repayment of 170,000 in loans made to us by our sponsor to cover offering-related and organizational expenses; 

payment to an affiliate of our sponsor of a total of 20,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space and secretarial, administrative, consulting and other services; 

reimbursement for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination; and 

repayment of loans which may be made by our sponsor, an affiliate of our sponsor or our officers and directors to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the terms of which have not been determined nor have any written agreements been executed with respect thereto. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. These payments may be funded using the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the private placement warrants not held in the trust account or, upon completion of the initial business combination, from any amounts remaining from the proceeds of the trust account released to us in connection therewith. 
 78 

Table of Contents 

Director Independence The rules of the NYSE require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. An independent director is defined generally as a person that, in the opinion of the company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the company). We have independent directors as defined in the NYSE rules and applicable SEC rules. Our board has determined that each of David Gandler, Jeffrey Bewkes, Chris Silbermann, and Alfred Osborne, Jr. is an independent director under applicable SEC and NYSE rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum LLP, or Marcum, for services rendered. Audit Fees . Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements and services that are normally provided by Marcum in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included in our Forms 10-Q for the respective periods and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, audit fees totaled 77,250 and 85,556, respectively. The above amounts include interim procedures and audit fees, as well as attendance at audit committee meetings. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum for consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Tax Fees . We incurred fees of 11,330 of tax fees for the year ended December 31, 2022. We did not pay Marcum for tax planning and tax advice for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. All Other Fees . We did not pay Marcum for other services for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(a) 
 The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 

(1) 
 Financial Statements: 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 688) 

F-2 

Balance Sheets 

F-3 

Statements of Operations 

F-4 

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity 

F-5 

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 

79 

Table of Contents 

(2) 
 Financial Statement Schedules: None. 

(3) 
 Exhibits We hereby file as part of this annual report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibits which are incorporated herein by reference can be inspected and copied at the public reference facilities maintained by the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Room 1580, Washington, D.C. 20549. Copies of such material can also be obtained from the Public Reference Section of the SEC, 100 F Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates or on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 3.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on March 30, 2021) . 

4.2 
 
 Specimen Class A Ordinary shares Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 

4.3 
 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.3 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on August 2, 2021). 

4.4 
 
 Public Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

4.5 
 
 Private Warrant Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 4.2 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

4.6 
 
 Description of Securities of the Company 

10.1 
 
 Promissory Note, dated March 6, 2021, issued by the Registrant to the Sponsor. (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on March 30, 2021). 

10.2 
 
 Letter Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and among Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1, WCAC1 Sponsor LLC and Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 s executive officers and directors (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.4 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

10.3 
 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.1 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

10.4 
 
 Registration and Shareholder Rights Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and among Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1, WCAC1 Sponsor LLC and certain other security holders named therein (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.2 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 
 
 80 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description 

10.5 
 
 Securities Subscription Agreement, dated as of March 6, 2021, between the Registrant and the Sponsor (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Company s registration statement on Form S-1 filed by the Registrant on March 30, 2021). 

10.6 
 
 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and WCAC1 Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

10.7 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and Edgar Bronfman, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

10.8 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and Daniel Leff (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

10.9 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and Alan Hendricks (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

10.10 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and David Gandler (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

10.11 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and Jeffrey Bewkes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

10.12 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and Chris Silbermann (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

10.13 
 
 Indemnity Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and Alfred E. Osborne, Jr. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

10.14 
 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated as of August 19, 2021, by and between Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 and WCAC1 Sponsor LLC (incorporated by reference to the Exhibit 10.5 filed with the Company s current report on Form 8-K filed by the Registrant on August 25, 2021). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rules 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document. 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101). 

Filed herewith 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary. Not applicable. 
 81 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of the Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the Registrant has duly caused this annual report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, in New York City, New York, on the 30th day of March, 2023. 

WAVERLEY CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 1 

By: 
 
 /s/ Daniel Leff 
 
 Name: 
 
 Daniel Leff 
 
 Title: 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this annual report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/ Daniel Leff Daniel Leff 
 
 Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Alan Henricks Alan Henricks 
 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Edgar Bronfman Jr. Edgar Bronfman Jr. 
 
 Chairman of Board of Directors 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ David Gandler David Gandler 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Jeff Bewkes Jeff Bewkes 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Chris Silbermann 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

/s/ Alfred E. Osborne, Jr. Alfred E. Osborne, Jr. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 
 WAVERLEY CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 1 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 

F-2

Financial Statements:

Balance Sheets 

F-3

Statements of Operations 

F-4

Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

F-5

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-6

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 to F-18

F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of 
 Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 

 Opinion on the Financial Statements 

 We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of operations, changes in stockholders deficit and cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 and the related notes 

(collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, 

in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern 

 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the Company has until August 24, 2023 to complete a Business Combination or the Company will cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Basis for Opinion 

 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum LLP

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. 

March 30, 2023 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 

WAVERLEY CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 1 

 Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022

December 31, 2021

ASSETS

Current Assets:

Cash and cash equivalents

Prepaid expenses

Total Current Assets

Investments held in the Trust Account

Other assets

Total Assets

LIABILITIES, CLASS A ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT

Current Liabilities:

Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Total Current Liabilities

Deferred underwriting compensation

Total liabilities

COMMITMENTS AND CONTINGENCIES (NOTE 6)

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption; shares

Shareholders deficit:

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; ne issued and outstanding

Class A ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, ne issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption)

Class B ordinary shares, par value, shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding

Additional paid-in
 capital

Accumulated deficit

() 

() 

Total Shareholders Deficit

() 

() 

Total Liabilities, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption and Shareholders deficit

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 

WAVERLEY CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 1 

Statements of Operations 

For the Year Ended December 31,

For the Period from March 1, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31,

2022

2021

EXPENSES

Administration fee related party

General and administrative

TOTAL EXPENSES

OTHER INCOME

Income earned on investments held in Trust Account

TOTAL OTHER INCOME

Net income (loss)

() 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A Ordinary Shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of Class A Ordinary Shares

() 

Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B Ordinary Shares

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share of Class B Ordinary Shares

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 

WAVERLEY CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 1 

 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit 

For the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2022 

Class B Common Stock

Additional Paid-In
 Capital

Accumulated Deficit

Stockholders Deficit

Shares

Amount

Balance as of March 1, 2021 (inception)

Issuance of Class B ordinary shares to Sponsor

Fair Value of Public Warrants

Proceeds from Private Placement Warrants

Forfeiture of Class B ordinary shares

() 

() 

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

() 

() 

() 
 
 Net loss

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021

() 

() 
 
 Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

() 

() 
 
 Net income

Balance as of December 31, 2022

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 

WAVERLEY CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 1 

 Statements of Cash Flows 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022

For the Period From March 1, 2021 (Inception) Through December 31, 2021

Cash Flows From Operating Activities:

Net income (loss)

() 
 
 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities:

Investment income earned on investments held in the Trust Account

() 

() 
 
 Changes in operating assets and liabilities:

Prepaid expenses

() 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses

Due to related party

() 

Net Cash Used In Operating Activities

() 

() 

Cash Flows From Investing Activities:

Cash deposited into the Trust Account

() 

Net Cash Used in Investing Activities

() 

Cash Flows From Financing Activities:

Sale of Units in the Initial Public Offering, net of underwriting discount

Sale of Private Placement Warrants to Sponsor

Proceeds from the Sponsor promissory note

Repayment of the Sponsor promissory note

() 
 
 Repayment of the related party advances

() 
 
 Payment of offering costs

() 

Net Cash Provided By Financing Activities

Net change in cash

() 

Cash at beginning of period

Cash at end of period

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash
 financing activities:

Deferred underwriting compensation charged to additional paid-in capital
 in connection with the Initial Public Offering

Deferred offering costs in exchange for Class B ordinary shares

Expenses paid by related parties on behalf of the Company

Offering costs paid by related party

Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

WAVERLEY CAPITAL ACQUISITION CORP. 1 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 December 31, 2022 

 . The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company is not limited to a particular industry or sector for purposes of consummating a Business Combination. The Company is an early stage and emerging growth company and, as such, the Company is subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 relates to the Company s formation and the initial public offering (the Initial Public Offering and the search for a target business with which to consummate an initial Business Combination. The Company will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of its initial Business Combination, at the earliest. The Company will generate non-operating
 income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from the Initial Public Offering. The Company has selected December 31 as its fiscal year end. 
 The registration statement for the Company s Initial Public Offering was declared effective on August 19, 2021. On August 24, 2021, the Company consummated the Initial Public Offering of units Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 3. 
 Simultaneously with the closing of the Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the private sale (the Private Placement of an aggregate of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to WCAC1 Sponsor LLC, a Delaware limited liability company (the Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . 
 On September 3, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units at a price of per unit pursuant to the underwriters exercise of their -day
 over-allotment option to purchase up to an additional units (the 

Overallotment Units 
), generating additional gross proceeds of . Simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Placement Warrants to WCAC1 Sponsor LLC, generating gross proceeds of . 
 Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees payable (which are held in a trust account with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee (the Trust Account and of costs related to the Initial Public Offering. Cash of was held outside of the Trust Account on December 31, 2022 and was available for working capital purposes. As described in Note 5, the 7,520,462 deferred underwriting fees are contingent upon the consummation of the Business Combination by August 24, 2023. 
 Following the closing of the Initial Public Offering on August 24, 2021 and the partial exercise of the underwriters overallotment, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering and the Private Placement was placed the Trust Account which may be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning set forth in Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), with a maturity of days or less or in any open-ended investment company that holds itself out as a money market fund selected by the Company meeting the conditions of Rule 2a-7
 of the Investment Company Act, as determined by the Company, until the earlier of: (i) the consummation of a Business Combination or (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account, as described below. 
 The Company s management has broad discretion with respect to the specific application of the net proceeds of the Initial Public Offering and the sale of Private Placement Warrants, although substantially all of the net proceeds are intended to be applied generally toward consummating a Business Combination. There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value equal to at least of the value of the net assets held in the Trust Account (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account). The Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. 

The Company will provide the holders of the outstanding Public Shares (the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares either (i) in connection with a shareholders meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer in connection with the Business Combination. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company. The Public Shareholders will be entitled to redeem their Public Shares for a pro rata portion of the amount then in the Trust Account (initially anticipated to be per Public Share, plus any pro rata interest then in the Trust Account, net of taxes payable). There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. The Public Shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial Public Offering in accordance with the Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity

. 
 The Company will not redeem Public Shares in an amount that would cause its net tangible assets to be less than (so that it does not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash requirement which may be contained in the agreement relating to the Business Combination. If the Company seeks shareholder approval of the Business Combination, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if a majority of the outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination, or such other vote as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. If a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If, however, shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or the Company decides to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, the Company will offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If the Company seeks shareholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor has agreed to vote its Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) and any Public Shares purchased during or after the Public Offering in favor of approving a Business Combination. Additionally, each Public Shareholder may elect to redeem their Public Shares without voting, and if they do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company seeks shareholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will provide that a Public Shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares, without the prior consent of the Company. 
 The holders of the Founder Shares have agreed (a) to waive their redemption rights with respect to the Founder Shares and Public Shares held by them in connection with the completion of a Business Combination and (b) not to propose an amendment to the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (i) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemptions in connection with a Business Combination or to redeem of its Public Shares if the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below) or (ii) with respect to any other provision relating to shareholders rights or pre-business
 combination activity, unless the Company provides the Public Shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their Public Shares in conjunction with any such amendment. 
 If the Company has not completed a Business Combination by (the Combination Period ), the Company will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter (and subject to lawfully available funds therefor), redeem the Public Shares, at a per-share
 price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to pay taxes (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish Public Shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any) subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. 

The holders of the Founders Shares have agreed to waive their liquidation rights with respect to the Founder Shares if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. However, if the holders of Founder Shares acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period. The underwriters have agreed to waive their rights to their deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering price per Unit ). 
 In order to protect the amounts held in the Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed to be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) such lesser amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per Public Share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes, except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account and except as to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. The Company will seek to reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (except for the Company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 

At December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of and working capital of . 
 In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15,
 Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, 

 management has determined that the Company currently has less than 12 months from the date these financial statements were issued to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period (initial completion without an extension ends on August 24, 2023), the mandatory liquidation requirement that the Company cease all operations, redeem the public shares and thereafter liquidate and dissolve raises substantial doubt about the ability to continue as a going concern. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Management has determined that the Company has funds that are sufficient to fund the working capital needs of the Company until the consummation of an initial business combination or the winding up of the Company as stipulated in the Company s amended and restated memorandum of association. The accompanying financial statements have been prepared in conformity with US GAAP, which contemplate continuation of the Company as a going concern. These financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 
 Risks and Uncertainties 

Management is currently evaluating the impact of the COVID-19
 pandemic and has concluded that while it is reasonably possible that the virus could have a negative effect on the Company s financial position, results of its operations and/or search for a target company, the specific impact is not readily determinable as of the date of this financial statement. The financial statement does not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Additionally, as a result of the military action commenced in February 2022 by the Russian Federation and Belarus in the country of Ukraine and related economic sanctions, the Company s ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which the Company ultimately consummates a Business Combination, may be materially and adversely affected. In addition, the Company s ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by these events, including as a result of increased market volatility, or decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to the Company or at all. The impact of this action and related sanctions on the world economy and the specific impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and/or ability to consummate a Business Combination are not yet determinable. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

and , respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 million and million in cash and investments held in the Trust Account, respectively. 
 consist principally of costs incurred in connection with formation of the Company and preparation for the Initial Public Offering. These costs, together with the underwriter discount of , were charged to additional paid-in
 capital upon completion of the Initial Public Offering. Total offering costs in connection with the Initial Public Offering were . 
 Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company did not make any adjustments to the redemption value of the Class A ordinary shares. The amount of Class A ordinary shares reflected on the balance sheet are reconciled in the following table. 

Less:

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants

() 
 
 Class A ordinary shares issuance costs

() 
 
 Plus:

Remeasurement of carrying value to initial redemption value

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2021

Plus: Accretion of Class A ordinary shares to redemption value for the year ended December 31, 2022

Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022

. The Company has not experienced losses on these accounts. 

Class A ordinary shares in the aggregate. 

() 
 
 Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net loss per share, Class A ordinary shares

() 

Class B ordinary shares

Numerator: Income (loss) allocable to Class B ordinary shares

() 
 
 Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares

() 

million and million in cash and investments held in the Trust Account, respectively and are classified as level 1 investments. The Company s trust account holds funds that invest in treasury bills. 
 Units at a price of per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , and incurring offering costs of , inclusive of in deferred underwriting commissions. 
 Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share, par value, and one-third
 of one warrant (each, a Public Warrant and, collectively, the Public Warrants ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of . No fractional shares will be issued upon separation of the Units and only whole Public Warrants will trade. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion of a Business Combination or (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering; provided in each case that the Company has an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or the Company permits holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act). The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of a Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the Public Warrants in accordance with the provisions of 

the warrant agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company s ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a Public Warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies the definition of a covered security under the Securities Act, the Company, at its option, may require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. The Public Warrants will expire after the completion of an Initial Business Combination or earlier upon the Company s redemption or liquidation. 
 On September 3, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units of the Company s Class A ordinary shares upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to partially exercise their overallotment option generating additional gross proceeds of and incurred additional offering costs of in underwriting fees. 
 Private Placement Warrants to Sponsor at a purchase price of per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company in the amount of . 
 A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will be worthless. 
 The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion of an Initial Business Combination, subject to certain exceptions. 
 Simultaneously with the exercise of the overallotment, the Company consummated the Private Placement of an additional Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor generating gross proceeds of . 
 shares of the Company s Class B ordinary shares (the Founder Shares in exchange for a capital contribution of that was paid by the Sponsor for formation and deferred offering costs. In July 2021, the Sponsor forfeited Founder Shares, resulting in the Sponsor continuing to hold Founder Shares. The Founder Shares include an aggregate of up to shares subject to forfeiture to the extent that the underwriters over-allotment is not exercised in full or in part, so that the number of Founder Shares will equal, on an as-converted
 basis, approximately of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the Initial Public Offering. On September 3, 2021, the Underwriters partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units. In October 2021, the Sponsor forfeited Class B ordinary shares, resulting in Class B ordinary shares outstanding at the time of forfeiture. 
 The Sponsor has agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of the Founder Shares until the earlier to occur of: (A) after the completion of a Business Combination and (B) subsequent to a Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share splits, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading
 day period commencing at least days after a Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the Public Shareholders having the right to exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. 
 Advances from Related Party 

An affiliate of the Sponsor paid certain operating costs on behalf of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the related party paid of operating expenses on behalf of the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was outstanding balance due to the related party. 

Promissory Note Related Party 

On March 6, 2021, the Sponsor issued an unsecured promissory note to the Company (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company may borrow up to an aggregate principal amount of . The Promissory Note is non-interest
 bearing and payable on the earlier of (i) December 31, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. The Company borrowed an aggregate of pursuant to the promissory note and was repaid in connection with the IPO. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was amounts outstanding under the Promissory Note. 
 Administrative Services Agreement 

Commencing on the date the Units are first listed on NYSE, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion of the Initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company recorded and in service fees, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and , respectively, remained outstanding and is included in accounts payable and accrued expenses on the balance sheets. 
 Related Party Loans 

In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). Such Working Capital Loans would be evidenced by promissory notes. The notes may be repaid upon completion of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of the notes may be converted upon completion of a Business Combination into warrants at a price of per warrant. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of proceeds held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were amounts outstanding under the Working Capital Loans. 
 -day
 option from the date of the Initial Public Offering to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any, at the Initial Public Offering price less the underwriting discounts and commissions. 
 The underwriters were entitled to a cash underwriting discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full), payable upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering. In addition, the underwriters were entitled to a deferred fee of per Unit, or in the aggregate (or in the aggregate if the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised in full). The deferred underwriting fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes the Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

On September 3, 2021, the Company consummated the closing of the sale of additional units of the Company s Class A ordinary shares upon receiving notice of the underwriters election to partially exercise their overallotment option generating additional gross proceeds of and incurred additional offering costs of in underwriting fees. 
 preference shares with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. 
 Class

A Ordinary Shares 

The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class A ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption that are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheets. 
 Class

B Ordinary Shares 

The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders of Class B ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share. The Sponsor initially purchased . In July and October 2021, the Sponsor forfeited and Class B ordinary shares, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares outstanding. 
 Only holders of the Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, approval of the organizational documents of our company in such other jurisdiction), in each case by way of ordinary resolution, prior to our initial business combination. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as otherwise required by law. In connection with our initial business combination, we may enter into a shareholders agreement or other arrangements with the shareholders of the target or other investors to provide for voting or other corporate governance arrangements that differ from those in effect upon completion of the IPO. 
 The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares at the time of a Business Combination, or earlier at the option of the holder, on a one-for-one

 basis, subject to adjustment. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed issued in excess of the amounts issued in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of a Business Combination, the ratio at which Class B ordinary shares shall convert into Class A ordinary shares will be adjusted (unless the holders of a majority of the then-outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Class B ordinary shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted
 basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by us in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding (a) any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial business combination and (b) any Class A ordinary shares that may be issued upon conversion of any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, any of its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. 
 Warrants

Public Warrants may only be exercised for a whole number of shares. No fractional shares will be issued upon exercise of the Public Warrants. The Public Warrants will become exercisable on the later of (a) days after the completion of a Business Combination and (b) from the closing of the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants will expire from the completion of a Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 The Company will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a Public Warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to the Company satisfying its obligations with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No warrant will be exercisable and the Company will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. 

The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days, after the closing of a Business Combination, it will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days following the closing of a Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such post-effective amendment or registration statement and a current prospectus relating thereto until the warrants expire or, in the case of the Public Warrants only, are redeemed, as specified in the public or private warrant agreements, as applicable; provided that if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a public warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b) (1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, but the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify for sale the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In the case of public Warrants only, if such post-effective amendment or registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of a Business Combination, holders of the Public Warrants may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise Public Warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 
 Redemption of Public Warrants.

 Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding Public Warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per Public Warrant; 

upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption to each Public Warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A ordinary shares has been at least per share (subject to adjustment in compliance with the public warrant agreement) for any ten ) trading days within the twenty ) trading day period ending on the third (3rd) trading day prior to the date on which notice of such redemption is given to the public warrant holders. 
 The Company will not redeem the Public Warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Public Warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the -day
 redemption period or the Company elected to require the exercise of the Public Warrants on a cashless basis as described below. If and when the Public Warrants become redeemable by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if it is unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. 
 If the Company calls the Public Warrants for redemption, as described above, its management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise the Public Warrants to do so on a cashless basis, as described in the warrant agreement. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their Public Warrants on a cashless basis, the Company s management will consider, among other factors, its cash position, the number of Public Warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on the Company s shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Public Warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the Public Warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the Public Warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (as defined below) of the Class A ordinary shares over the exercise price of the Public Warrants by (y) the fair market value. Solely for purposes of this paragraph, the fair market value means the volume-weighted average closing price of the Class A ordinary shares as reported for the ten trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the Public Warrants. However, except as described below, the Public Warrants will not be adjusted for issuances of ordinary shares at a price below their exercise price. Additionally, in no event will the Company be required to net cash settle the Public Warrants. If the Company is unable to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period and the Company liquidates the funds held in the Trust Account, holders of Public Warrants will not receive any of such funds with respect to their Public Warrants, nor will they receive any distribution from the Company s assets held outside of the Trust Account with respect to such Public Warrants. Accordingly, the Public Warrants may expire worthless. 

The Private Placement Warrants will be identical to the Public Warrants underlying the Units being sold in the Initial Public Offering, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable
 and will be exercisable at the election of the holder on a cashless basis. 
 Neither the Private Placement Warrants nor Public Warrants contain any provisions that change dependent upon the characteristics of the holder of the warrant. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. 
 
 F-18 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 d482452dex46.htm
 EX-4.6

EX-4.6 

Exhibit 4.6 
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES 
 As of December 31, 2022, Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 (the Company, we, us and
 our had three classes of securities registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Securities Act ): (a) Units, consisting of one Class A ordinary share, par value 0.0001, and one-third of one redeemable warrant, (b) Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, and (c) warrants. The following description of our shares summarizes certain provisions of our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. The description is intended as a summary, and is qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a copy of which has been filed as an exhibit to this
annual report on Form 10-K. Defined terms used herein, but otherwise not defined, shall have the meaning ascribed to them in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 We are a Cayman Islands exempted company and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association, the Companies Act (as amended) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue
500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, as well as 5,000,000 preference shares, each with a nominal or par value of 0.0001. 
 Units Each unit consists of one
Class A ordinary share and one-third of one redeemable public warrant. Each whole public warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share,
subject to adjustments as set forth in the warrant agreement. Pursuant to the public warrant agreement, a public warrant holder may exercise its public warrants only for a whole number of our Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole
public warrant may be exercised at any given time by a public warrant holder. The Class A ordinary shares and public warrants began
separately trading on the New York Stock Exchange on October 11, 2021. Additionally, the units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded after completion of our initial business combination. 
 Ordinary Shares As of March 30,
2023, a total of 26,858,799 ordinary shares are outstanding, including: 

21,487,039 Class A ordinary shares, including Class A ordinary shares underlying the units issued as
part of the initial public offering (the IPO and 

5,371,760 Class B ordinary shares held by WCAC1 Sponsor LLC (our sponsor ), which we refer to as
our founder shares. 

Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters
to be voted on by shareholders. Except as described below, holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of our shareholders except as
required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange listing requirements, the affirmative vote of a simple
majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into
three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders
of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available
therefor. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of directors and to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands
(including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational documents of our company in such other jurisdiction), in each case by way of ordinary resolution. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment and/or
the removal of directors or to vote to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may
remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment and removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be
amended by a special resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in person or by proxy at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple
majority of our Class B ordinary shares (and if the shareholders vote in favor of such act but the approval of a simple majority of Class B ordinary shares has not yet been obtained, the holders of a simple majority of Class B
ordinary shares shall have, in such vote, voting rights equal to the aggregate voting power of all the shareholders of the company who voted in favor of the resolution, plus one). 
 Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary
shares, if we were to enter into a business combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a business combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we will be authorized to issue at the same time as our
shareholders vote on the business combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination. 
 Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for
those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with the New York Stock Exchange (the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general
meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to
appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial business combination. Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our
founder shares. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. 
 Our public shareholders will have the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial
business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial
business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described
herein. The amount in the trust account is approximately 10.00 per public share. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the
underwriters. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial owner must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant
to which they have agreed to waive, to the extent such exist, their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) our initial business combination, and (ii) a shareholder vote to
approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares
redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the initial public offering (the IPO or
during any extended time that we have to consummate a business combination beyond 24 months as a result of a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (the Extension Period or
(B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Unlike many blank check companies that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial
business combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial business combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirements, if a shareholder vote is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial
business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption
rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other
reasons, we will, like many blank check companies, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial
business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution for such business combination under Cayman Islands law or such higher approval threshold as may be required by Cayman Islands law, and pursuant to our amended and restated
memorandum and articles of association. A quorum for such meeting will consist of the holders present in person or by proxy of shares of the company representing one-third of the voting power of all
outstanding shares of the company entitled to vote at such meeting. However, the participation of our sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors, advisors or their respective affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions (as described in
the IPO prospectus), if any, could result in the approval of our initial business combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial business combination. For purposes of
seeking approval of the majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial business combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and
restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. 
 2 

If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct
redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or
any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act ), will be restricted from redeeming its
shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the IPO, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of
their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination, and such
shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial
business combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution
for such business combination under Cayman Islands law, or such higher approval threshold as may be required by Cayman Islands law, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In such case, our sponsor and each
member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote
for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if
we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably
possible but not more than ten business days thereafter (and subject to lawfully available funds therefor), redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then
on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the
then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman
Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to
liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period (although they will be
entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame). Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association provide that, if a resolution of the company s shareholders is passed pursuant to the Companies Act of the Cayman Islands to commence the voluntary liquidation of the company, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to
the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. 
 3 

In the event of a liquidation, winding up or dissolution of the company after a business
combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary
shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares
for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of
the then-outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial business combination, subject to the limitations described herein. Founder
Shares The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the
Class A ordinary shares included in the units, and holders of founder shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that: (a) prior to our initial business combination, only holders of the founder shares have the
right to vote on the appointment and removal of directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational documents of our company in such other
jurisdiction), in each case by way of ordinary resolution; (b) the founder shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (c) our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an
agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive, to the extent such exist, their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares (ii) to waive, to the extent such exist, their redemption rights with respect to
their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide
holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months
from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the
trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating
distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame); (d) the founder shares will automatically convert into our Class A
ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein; and (e) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. If we seek shareholder approval, we will
complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution for such business combination under Cayman Islands law, or such higher approval threshold as may be required by Cayman Islands law, and pursuant to
our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 
 4 

The founder shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and will automatically
convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares delivered upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we do not consummate an initial
business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the
aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary
shares issued or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination,
excluding Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued, or to be issued, to any seller of an interest in the target to us in the initial business
combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any member of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans. In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary
shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. Except pursuant
to limited exceptions as described under the IPO registration statement s section entitled Principal Shareholders Transfers of Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, our sponsor has agreed not to transfer, assign or
sell any of its founder shares until earlier of (A) one year after the completion of an initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares
equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period
commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to
exchange their ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our sponsor and our directors and officers with respect to any founder shares. 
 Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment and removal of
directors and to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including, but not limited to, the approval of the organizational documents of our company in such other jurisdiction), in each case by way of ordinary resolution.
Holders of our public shares are not entitled to vote on the appointment and/or the removal of directors or to continue our company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial
business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may only be amended by a special
resolution passed by not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote in person or by proxy at our general meeting which shall include the affirmative vote of a simple majority of our
Class B ordinary shares (and if the shareholders vote in favor of such act but the approval of a simple majority of the holders of Class B ordinary shares has not yet been obtained, the holders of a simple majority of Class B ordinary
shares shall have, in such vote, voting rights equal to the aggregate voting power of all the shareholders of the company who voted in favor of the resolution, plus one). With respect to any other matter submitted to a vote of our shareholders,
including any vote in connection with our initial business combination, except as required by law, holders of our founder shares and holders of our public shares will vote together as a single class, with each share entitling the holder to one vote.
 Register of Members Under Cayman
Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: 

the names and addresses of the members, a statement of the shares held by each member, and of the amount paid or
agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member and the voting rights of shares of each member (and whether such voting rights are conditional); 

whether voting rights attached to the shares in issue; 

the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and 

the date on which any person ceased to be a member. 
 5 

Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of
the matters set out therein (i.e., the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have
legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. The shareholders recorded in the register of members are deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances
where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained
by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares,
then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. Preference Shares
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 5,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference
shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors are authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any
qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors are able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the
voting power and other rights of the holders of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or
preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will
not do so in the future. Warrants Public
Shareholders Warrants Each whole public warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a
price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on the later of one year from the closing of the IPO and 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination, except as discussed in the
immediately succeeding paragraph. Pursuant to the public warrant agreement, a public warrant holder may exercise its public warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole public warrant may be exercised at
a given time by a public warrant holder. No fractional public warrants were issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants are traded. Accordingly, a holder must have at least three units to receive or trade a whole public warrant. The
public warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial business combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. 
 We are not obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a public warrant and will have no obligation to
settle such public warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the public warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to
our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration, or a valid exemption from registration is available. No public warrant will be exercisable, and we will not be obligated to issue Class A ordinary shares upon exercise
of a public warrant, unless the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon such public warrant exercise have been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the public
warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a public warrant, the holder of such public warrant will not be entitled to exercise such public warrant and such public warrant
may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any public warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised public warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such
public warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. 
 6 

We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 20 business days
after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon
exercise of the public warrants, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following the closing of our initial business combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such
registration statement and a current prospectus relating thereto until the public warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the public warrant agreement; provided that if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a
public warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who
exercise their public warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement for
the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify for sale the shares under applicable blue sky
laws to the extent an exemption is not available. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is not effective by the 60th day after the closing of the initial business
combination, public warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any other period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise public warrants on a
 cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but we will use our commercially reasonably efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an
exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the public warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of
Class A ordinary shares underlying the public warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (as defined below) less the exercise price of the public warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market
value as used in this paragraph shall mean the volume-weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10-trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of
exercise is received by the warrant agent from the holder of such public warrants. Redemption of public warrants 
 Once the public warrants become exercisable, we may redeem the outstanding public warrants (except as described herein with respect to the
private placement warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of 0.01 per public warrant; 

upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption to each public warrant holder; and

if, and only if, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as
adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a public warrant as described under the heading Anti-Dilution Adjustments for any ten (10) trading days within the twenty
(20) trading day period ending on the third (3 rd trading day prior to the date on which notice of such redemption is given to the warrant holders. 
 We will not redeem the public warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A
ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the public warrants is then effective, and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period or
we have elected to require the exercise of the public warrants on a cashless basis as described below. If and when the public warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or
qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. If we call the public warrants for redemption as
described above, we will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise its public warrants to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their public warrants on a cashless
basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of public warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable
upon the exercise of our public warrants. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the public warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of
the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the public warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (as defined below) of the Class A ordinary shares over the exercise price of the public warrants by
(y) the fair market value . For purposes of this paragraph, the fair market value means the volume-weighted average closing price of the Class A ordinary shares as reported for the ten trading days ending on the
third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of the public warrants pursuant to the public warrant agreement. If we take advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information
necessary to calculate the number of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the public warrants, including the fair market value in such case. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of
shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a public warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the public warrants after our initial business
combination. If we call our public warrants for redemption and we do not take advantage of this option, our sponsor and its permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their private placement warrants for cash or on a cashless basis
using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their public warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. 
 7 

We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a
redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the public warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the public warrants, each public warrant holder will
be entitled to exercise his, her or its public warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. Any such exercise would not be done on a cashless basis and would require the exercising public warrant holder to pay the exercise price for
each public warrant being exercised. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a
public warrant as described under the heading Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Anti-Dilution Adjustments as well as the 11.50 (for whole shares) public warrant exercise price after the redemption notice is
issued. Redemption Procedures A
holder of a public warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such public warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person
(together with such person s affiliates), to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 9.8 (or such other amount as a holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding
immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-Dilution Adjustments 
 If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary
shares, or by a subdivision of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such capitalization or share dividend, subdivision or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each public
warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the outstanding Class A ordinary shares. A rights offering made to all or substantially all holders of Class A ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary
shares at a price less than the historical fair market value (as defined below) will be deemed a share dividend of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares
actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price
per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes, if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining
the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion. For the purposes of this paragraph, fair
market value means the volume-weighted average price of the Class A ordinary shares during the ten trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable
exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, no Class A ordinary shares shall be issued at less than their par value. 
 In addition, if we, at any time while the public warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash,
securities or other assets to all or substantially all of the holders of the Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the public warrants are convertible), other than (a) as
described above, (b) any cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the
 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution does not exceed 0.50 (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash
distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price of a public warrant or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of a public warrant) but only with respect to the amount of the aggregate cash dividends or
cash distributions equal to or less than 0.50 per share, (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial business combination, (d) to satisfy the redemption rights
of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our
Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing
of the IPO or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (e) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to
complete our initial business combination, then the public warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets
paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. 
 8 

If the number of outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation,
combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each public warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in outstanding Class A
ordinary shares. Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the public warrants is adjusted, as
described above, the public warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the public warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary
shares purchasable upon the exercise of the public warrants immediately prior to such adjustment and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. 
 In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above
or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and
that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or
substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the public warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the public warrants and
in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash)
receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the public warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their public warrants
immediately prior to such event. The public warrants have been issued in registered form under the public warrant agreement between
Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The public warrant agreement provides that the terms of the public warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any
ambiguity or correcting any mistake or defective provision, including to conform the provisions of the public warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the public warrants and the public warrant agreement set forth in this prospectus,
(ii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the public warrant agreement as the parties to the public warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely
affect the rights of the registered holders of the public warrants and (iii) providing for the delivery of an alternative issuance (as defined in the public warrant agreement), provided that the approval by the holders of at least
50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any other modification or amendment, including any modification or amendment to increase the exercise price of the public warrants or shorten the exercise period. The public warrant
agreement is filed as Exhibit 4.4 to this annual report on Form 10-K and contains a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the public warrants. 
 The public warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of Class A ordinary shares and any voting rights until they
exercise their public warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the public warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters
to be voted on by shareholders. 
 9 

No fractional public warrants were issued upon separation of the units, and only whole
public warrants are traded. If, upon exercise of the public warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A ordinary shares
to be issued to the public warrant holder. We have agreed that any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in
any way to the warrant agreements will be brought and enforced in the courts of the City of New York, County of New York, State of New York, the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York or the federal
district courts of the United States, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. However, the enforceability of similar exclusive forum provisions
(including exclusive forum provisions for actions, suits or proceedings asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act) in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceeds, and
there is uncertainty as to whether courts would enforce the exclusive forum provisions in our warrant agreements. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreements will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or
duty created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America shall be the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in
any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreements. Additionally, our shareholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations
thereunder. Private Placement Warrants 
 Except as described below, and in the private warrant agreement, the private placement warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to
those of the public warrants. The private placement warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants) are not transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our
initial business combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants) and are not redeemable by us. Our sponsor, or
its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the private placement warrants on a cashless basis. If the private placement warrants are held by holders other than our sponsor or its permitted transferees, the private placement warrants will
be redeemable by us in all redemption scenarios and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the public warrants. Any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the private warrant agreement will require a
vote of holders of at least 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. If holders of the private placement
warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the
number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the sponsor fair market value (as defined below) of the Class A ordinary shares over the exercise price of the private placement warrants
Warrant Price by (y) the sponsor fair market value. For purposes of this paragraph, the sponsor fair market value means the volume-weighted average reported closing price of the Ordinary Shares for the ten trading days
ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise of the private placement warrants is sent to the warrant agent. The private placement warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by our
sponsor and its permitted transferees is because it is not known whether our sponsor or its permitted transferees will be affiliated with us following a business combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in
the open market will be significantly limited. We have policies in place that restrict insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders are permitted to sell our securities,
an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their public warrants and sell the
Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. 
 In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, our
sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. Up to 2,000,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post business combination entity
at a price of 1.50 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. 
 10 

Dividends 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of our
initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with a business combination, our ability to
declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent 
 The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have
agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of
acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any claims and losses due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. 
 Certain Differences in Corporate Law 
 Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English law but does not follow recent English law
statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws
applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements 
 In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman
Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). 
 Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger
or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan or merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as
may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that holds issued shares that together represent 90 of the votes at a general
meeting of the subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company, if a copy of the plan of merger is given to every member of each subsidiary company to be merged unless that member agrees otherwise. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating
security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities)
have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. 
 11 

Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save
that where the surviving or consolidated company, is the Cayman Islands exempted company the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is required to be satisfied in respect of any constituent overseas company that: (i) that the merger or
consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional
documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdiction;
(iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order,
compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted; (v) that the foreign company is able to pay its
debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (vi) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the
surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company;
and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (vii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be
incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (viii) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. The requirements set out in
sections (i) to (viii) above shall be met by a director of the Cayman Islands exempted company making a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that such requirements have been met, such declaration
to include a statement of the assets and liabilities of the foreign company made up to the latest practicable date before making the declaration. 
 Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair
value of their shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation in certain circumstances if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, where such rights apply, procedure is as follows: (a) the shareholder must give their written
objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for their shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized
by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder
must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of their intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of their shares;
(d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company,
the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase their shares at a price that the company determines is the fair value and if the company and the shareholder agree the price
within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on
which such 30 day period expires, the company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the
dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of
interest, if any, to be paid by the company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair
value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized
interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. 
 Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain
circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount
to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the
arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or
creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand
Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: 

the company is not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of its corporate authority and the statutory
provisions as to dual majority vote have been complied with; 
 12 

the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; 

the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and 

the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act
or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described
below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to
dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. Squeeze-Out Provisions 
 When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates within four months, the offeror may,
within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, but this is unlikely
to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. Further, transactions
similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements
of an operating business. Shareholders Suits 
 Walkers, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. 
 Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such
actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands
authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: 

a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; 

the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by
more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or 

those who control the company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. 
 A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to
be infringed. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities 
 The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors.
Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. 
 13 

We have been advised by Walkers, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the
Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in
original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions
are, or to the extent they are, penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a
foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment
has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty,
inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman
Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 
 Special Considerations for Exempted Companies 
 We are an exempted company with limited liability under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies
and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the
same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions and privileges listed below: 

annual reporting requirements are minimal and consist mainly of a statement that the company has conducted its
operations mainly outside of the Cayman Islands and has complied with the provisions of the Companies Act; 

an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection and can be kept outside the Cayman
Islands; 

an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; 

an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings
are usually given for 30 years in the first instance); and 

an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman
Islands. Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by
the shareholder on the shares of the company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to
pierce or lift the corporate veil). Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections that
apply to us from the time of the IPO until the completion of our initial business combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be
a special resolution where it has been adopted by either the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of
association) of the votes cast by the holders of the issued shares present in person or represented by proxy at a general meeting of the company and entitled to vote on such matter or a resolution approved in writing by all of the holders of the
issued shares entitled to vote on such matter. Other than as described above, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by at least
 two-thirds of the shares voted at a general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. 
 14 

Our sponsor and its respective permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially
own 20 of our ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provide, among other things, that: 

If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during
any Extension Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter (and subject to lawfully available funds therefor), redeem
the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously
released to us to pay our taxes that were paid by us or are payable by us, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses) divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish
public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the
approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law;

Prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional securities that
would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with our public shares (a) on our initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in
connection with the completion of an initial business combination or (b) to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (x) extend the time we have to consummate a business combination beyond
24 months from the closing of the IPO or (y) amend the foregoing provisions; 

In the event that we enter into a transaction with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our
directors or our officers, we, or a committee of independent and disinterested directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or from an
independent accounting firm, that our initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in the event that we seek such a business
combination, we expect that the independent and disinterested members of our board of directors would be involved in the process for considering, and approving the transaction; 

If a shareholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by applicable law or stock exchange
listing requirements and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and
will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required
under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

So long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or
more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of deferred underwriting discounts held in trust and taxes payable on the income earned on the
trust account) at the time of the agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association
(A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 24 months from the closing of the IPO or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary
shares, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, if any, divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the
limitations described herein; and 

We will not effectuate our initial business combination solely with another blank check company or a similar
company with nominal operations. 
 15 

In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we
will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or cash
requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. The Companies Act permits a company
incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution under Cayman Islands law. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is
required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provide otherwise.
 Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are
contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of
these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions
of Cayman Islands law and our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. Prior to our initial business combination, only the holders of our class B shares will be entitled to vote on the appointment and removal
of our directors. Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances
without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved
Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. 
 Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide for advance notice procedures with respect to shareholder proposals
and the nomination of candidates for election as directors, other than nominations made by or at the direction of our board of directors or a committee of our board of directors. In order for any matter to be properly brought before a meeting, a
shareholder will have to comply with advance notice requirements and provide us with certain information. Generally, to be timely, a shareholder notice must be received at our principal executive offices not less than 90 days nor more than 120 days
prior to the first anniversary date of the immediately preceding annual meeting of shareholders. Pursuant to Rule 14a-8 of the Exchange Act, proposals seeking inclusion in our annual proxy statement must
comply with the notice periods contained therein. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will also specify requirements as to the form and content of a shareholder s notice. Our amended and restated memorandum and
articles of association will allow the chairman of the meeting at a meeting of the shareholders to adopt rules and regulations for the conduct of meetings which may have the effect of precluding the conduct of certain business at a meeting if the
rules and regulations are not followed. These provisions may also defer, delay or discourage a potential acquirer from conducting a solicitation of proxies to elect the acquirer s own slate of directors or otherwise attempting to influence or
obtain control of us. Listing of Securities 
 We have listed our units on the NYSE under the symbol WAVCU. The Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading
on October 11, 2021 and are listed on the NYSE under the symbols WAVC and WAVCW, respectively. The units will automatically separate into their component parts and will not be traded following the completion of our
initial business combination. 
 16 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 d482452dex311.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31.1 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Daniel Leff, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and
procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles; (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this
report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Daniel Leff 

Daniel Leff 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 d482452dex312.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31.2 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE
ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Alan Henricks, certify that: 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1; 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to
make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 
 (b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 
 (c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the
registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation
of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 
 (a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 
 (b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Alan Henricks 

Alan Henricks 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 d482452dex321.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32.1 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 (the Company on Form
 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Daniel Leff 

Daniel Leff 

Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 d482452dex322.htm
 EX-32.2

EX-32.2 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Waverley Capital Acquisition Corp. 1 (the Company on Form
 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the capacity and on the date indicated below,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: (1) The Report fully
complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) The information contained
in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

By: 
 
 /s/ Alan Henricks 

Alan Henricks 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 wavc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 wavc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 wavc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 wavc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

