<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_1619312_0001829126-23-002389.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>3263438</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>230995</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>636932</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>877048</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>621137</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>820742</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001829126-23-002389.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329195215
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001829126-23-002389
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		42
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001619312
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	REAL ESTATE INVESTMENT TRUSTS [6798]
		IRS NUMBER:				471796830
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			MD
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55773
		FILM NUMBER:		23776829

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701
		BUSINESS PHONE:		732-367-0129

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1985 CEDAR BRIDGE AVENUE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1
		CITY:			LAKEWOOD
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08701

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Lightstone Real Estate Income Trust Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20140911

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001829126-23-002389.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 lightstonevalue4_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED STATES 

 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

Annual Report Pursuant
to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For The Fiscal Year Ended , 2022 

or 

Transition
Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to
____________ 

Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in Its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) 
 
 of incorporation or organization) 

, , , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including area code: - 

Securities registered under Section 12(b) of
the Exchange Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities registered under Section 12(g) of
the Exchange Act: 

Common Stock, 0.01 par value per share 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant:
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12
months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted
electronically, if any, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such
files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See
definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging
growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

There is no established market for the Registrant s
common shares. As of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the most recently completed second quarter, there were million shares
of the registrant s common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant. On March 15, 2023, the board of directors of the Registrant
approved an estimated value per share of the Registrant s common stock of 10.00 per share derived from the estimated value of the
Registrant s assets less the estimated value of the Registrant s liabilities divided by the number of shares outstanding,
all as of December 31, 2022. For a full description of the methodologies used to value the Registrant s assets and liabilities in connection
with the calculation of the estimated value per share, see Part II, Item 5, Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities - Market Information. As of March 15, 2023, there were million shares of
common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

LIGHTSTONE VALUE PLUS REIT IV, INC. 

Table of Contents 

Page 
 
 PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 6 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 6 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 6 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters, and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 7 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 15 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 25 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 25 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 26 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 26 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors and Executive Officers of the Registrant 
 26 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 28 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management 
 29 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions 
 29 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 32 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits 
 36 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 36 

Signatures 
 37 

i 

Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking
Statements 

This annual report on Form 10-K, together with
other statements and information publicly disseminated by Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc., which was formerly known as Lightstone
Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. before September 15, 2021, contains certain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A
of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934,
as amended. We intend such forward-looking statements to be covered by the safe harbor provisions for forward-looking statements contained
in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and include this statement for purposes of complying with these safe harbor provisions.
Forward-looking statements, which are based on certain assumptions and describe our future plans, strategies and expectations, are generally
identifiable by use of the words believe, expect, intend, anticipate, estimate, 
 project or similar expressions. You should not rely on forward-looking statements since they involve known and unknown risks,
uncertainties and other factors, which are, in some cases, beyond our control and which could materially affect actual results, performances
or achievements. Factors which may cause actual results to differ materially from current expectations include, but are not limited to,
(i) uncertainties regarding the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, including its impact on our business and the economy generally, (ii)
the availability of suitable acquisition/investment opportunities, (iii) financing risks, such as the inability to obtain equity, debt,
or other sources of financing on favorable terms, (iv) the level and volatility of interest rates, (v) increases in operating costs and
(vii) changes in governmental laws and regulations. Accordingly, there is no assurance that our expectations will be realized. 

Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K reflect our management s view only as of the date of this Report, and may ultimately prove to be incorrect. We undertake
no obligation to update or revise forward-looking statements to reflect changed assumptions, the occurrence of unanticipated events or
changes to future operating results, except as required by applicable law. We intend for these forward-looking statements to be covered
by the applicable safe harbor provisions created by Section 27A of the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Exchange Act. 

Cautionary Note 

The representations, warranties, and covenants
made by us in any agreement filed as an exhibit to this Annual Report on Form 10-K are made solely for the benefit of the parties
to the agreement, including, in some cases, for the purpose of allocating risk among the parties to the agreement, and should not be deemed
to be representations, warranties, or covenants to or with any other parties. Moreover, these representations, warranties, or covenants
should not be relied upon as accurately describing or reflecting the current state of our affairs. 

ii 

PART I. 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS: 

General Description of Business 

Structure 

Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. Lightstone REIT IV ), which was formerly known as Lightstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. before September
15, 2021, is a Maryland corporation, formed on September 9, 2014, which elected to qualify as a real
estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with the taxable year ending December 31,
2016. 

Lightstone REIT IV, together with its subsidiaries
is collectively referred to as the Company and the use of we, our, us or similar
pronouns refers to Lightstone REIT IV or the Company as required by the context in which any such pronoun is used. 

We have and may 
continue to seek opportunities to invest in real estate and real
estate-related investments. Our real estate investments may include operating properties and development
projects and our real estate-related investment may include mezzanine loans, mortgage loans, bridge loans and preferred equity
interests, with a focus on development-related investments, including investments intended to finance development or redevelopment opportunities.
We may also invest in debt and derivative securities related to real estate assets. A portion of our investments may be secured by or
related to properties or entities advised by, or wholly or partially, directly or indirectly owned by The Lightstone Group, LLC (the Sponsor ),
its affiliates or its other sponsored real estate investment programs. Although we expect that most of our investments will be of
these various types, we may also invest in whatever types of investments that we believe are in our best interests. 

We currently have one operating segment. As of
December 31, 2022, we majority owned and consolidated the operating results of Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC (the Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture ), a joint venture in which we have a 75 membership interest, and held an unconsolidated approximate 33.3 
membership interest in 40 East End Ave. Pref Member LLC (the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture ). We account for our unconsolidated
membership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting. 

The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture owns
land parcels located at 353-361 Bedford Avenue in the Williamsburg neighborhood of the borough of Brooklyn in New York City on which it
is developing and constructing a 210-room branded hotel (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel ). As of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel was under construction, but subsequently opened on March 7, 2023. Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT
III ), a REIT also sponsored by the Sponsor and a related party, owns the other 25 membership interest in the Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture, which is accounted for as noncontrolling interests in our consolidated financial statements. 

The 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, through affiliates,
developed and constructed a luxury residential 29-unit condominium project (the 40 East Project located at the corner of
81st Street and East End Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City, which received its final TCO in March
2020. Through December 31, 2022, 21 of the 29 units in the 40 East End Project have been sold and the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture owns
the remaining eight unsold units. SAYT Master Holdco LLC, an entity majority-owned and controlled by David Lichtenstein, who also majority
owns and controls the Sponsor, and a related party, owns an approximate 66.7 membership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture. 

1 

Our advisor is Lightstone Real Estate Income LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the Advisor ), which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein. On September
12, 2014, the Advisor contributed 200,000 to Lightstone REIT IV in exchange for 20,000 shares of common stock Common Shares ),
or 10.00 per share. Mr. Lichtenstein also is a majority owner of the equity interests of The Lightstone Group, LLC. The Lightstone Group,
LLC served as the Sponsor during our initial public offering (the Offering which terminated on March 31, 2017. Mr. Lichtenstein
also owns 222,222 Common Shares which were issued on June 15, 2015 for 2.0 million, or 9.00 per share. Subject to the oversight of our
board of directors (the Board of Directors and pursuant to the terms of an advisory agreement, the Advisor has the primary
responsibility for making investment decisions on our behalf and managing our day-to-day operations. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but does not control Lightstone REIT IV. 

We do not have any employees. The Advisor receives
compensation and fees for services related to the investment and management of our assets. The Advisor has certain affiliates which may
manage the properties we acquire. However, we may also contract with other unaffiliated third-party property managers. 

Our Common Shares are not currently listed on
a national securities exchange. We may seek to list our Common Shares for trading on a national securities exchange only if a majority
of our independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of its stockholders. We do not intend to list our shares at
this time. We do not anticipate that there would be any market for our Common Shares until they are listed for trading. 

On December
16, 2021, our stockholders approved an amendment and restatement to our charter pursuant to which we are no longer required to either
(a) amend our charter to extend the deadline to begin the process of achieving a liquidity event, or (b) hold a stockholders meeting to
vote on a proposal for an orderly liquidation of our portfolio. 

Noncontrolling Interests in Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Noncontrolling interests in consolidated subsidiaries
represents Lightstone REIT III s 25 share of the equity in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture. Income and losses attributable
to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture are allocated to the noncontrolling interest holder based on its ownership percentage. 

Related Parties 

On March 18, 2016, we and the Sponsor entered
into a subordinated unsecured loan agreement (the Subordinated Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor made aggregate principal
advances of 12.6 million to us through March 31, 2017 (the termination date of the Offering). The outstanding principal advances bear
interest at a rate of 1.48 , but no interest or principal is due and payable to the Sponsor until holders of our Common Shares have received
liquidation distributions equal to their respective net investments (defined as 10.00 per Common Share) plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded
annual return of 8.0 on their respective net investments. 

Distributions in connection with a liquidation
of the Company initially will be made to holders of our Common Shares until holders of our Common Shares have received liquidation distributions
equal to their respective net investments plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return of 8.0 on their respective net investments.
Thereafter, only if additional liquidating distributions are available, we will be obligated to repay the outstanding principal advances
and related accrued interest to the Sponsor. In the event that additional liquidation distributions are available after we repay our holders
of Common Shares their respective net investments plus their 8 return on investment and then the outstanding principal advances and related
accrued interest to the Sponsor, such additional distributions will be paid to holders of our Common Shares and the Sponsor as follows:
85.0 of the aggregate amount will be payable to holders of our Common Shares and the remaining 15.0 will be payable to the Sponsor. 

2 

The principal advances and the related interest
are subordinate to all of our obligations as well as to the holders of our Common Shares in an amount equal to the shareholder s
net investment plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return of 8.0 and only potentially payable in the event of a liquidation
of the Company. 

In connection with the termination of the Offering
on March 31, 2017, we and the Sponsor simultaneously terminated the Subordinated Agreement and as a result, the Sponsor is no longer obligated
to make any additional principal advances to us. Interest will continue to accrue on the outstanding principal advances and repayment,
if any, of the principal advances and related accrued interest will still be made according to the terms of the Subordinated Agreement
disclosed above. 

As of December 31, 2022, 13.8 million of principal
advances and related accrued interest were outstanding. 

Our Advisor and its affiliates are related parties.
Certain of these entities are entitled to compensation and fees for services related to the investment of our assets during our acquisition,
development, operational and liquidation stages. The compensation levels during our acquisition and operational stages are based on percentages
of the cost of acquired properties or other investments and the annual revenue earned from such properties or other investments, and other
such fees and expense reimbursement outlined in each of the respective agreements. 

Primary Investment Objectives 

Our primary investment objectives are: 

to pay periodic distributions
to our stockholders as required to maintain our qualification as a REIT; and 

to preserve and protect our
shareholders capital contribution. 

Acquisition and Investment Policies 

We have and may continue to seek opportunities to
invest in real estate and real estate-related investments. Our real estate investments may include operating
properties and development projects and our real estate-related investments may include mezzanine loans, mortgage loans, bridge
loans and preferred equity interests, with a focus on development-related investments, including those intended to finance development
or redevelopment opportunities. We may also invest in debt and derivative securities related to real estate assets. A portion of our investments
may be secured by or related to properties or entities advised by, or wholly or partially, directly or indirectly, owned by, the Sponsor,
its affiliates or other real estate investment programs sponsored by it. Although we expect that most of our investments will be of these
various types, we may make other investments. In fact, we may invest in whatever types of investments that we believe are in our best
interests. 

We have and may continue to focus our acquisition
and origination activity on real estate properties and real estate-related investments located in the United States, including certain
related-party investments generally conducted through joint venture arrangements. We sometimes refer to the foregoing types of investments
as our targeted investments. We expect to target investments that generally will offer predictable current cash flow and/or attractive
risk-adjusted returns based on the underwriting criteria established and employed by our advisor, which may include the anticipated leverage
point, market and economic conditions, the location and quality of the underlying collateral and the borrower s exit or refinancing
plan. Our ability to continue to execute our investment strategy may be enhanced through access to the Sponsor s extensive experience
in both financing and developing real estate projects as well as in buying assets in the open market from third-parties. We have and will
continue to seek to build a portfolio that may include some of or all the following investment characteristics: (a) provides current income;
(b) is secured by high-quality commercial real estate; (c) includes subordinate capital investments by strong sponsors that support its
investments and provide downside protection; and (d) possesses strong structural features that maximize repayment potential, such as a
clear exit or refinancing plan by the borrower. 

We have and may continue to seek to invest in real
estate-related loans and debt securities both by directly originating them and by purchasing them from third-party sellers. Although we
generally prefer the benefits of direct origination, situations may arise to purchase real estate-related loans and debt securities, possibly
at discounts to par, which compensate for the lack of control or structural enhancements typically associated with directly structured
investments. 

3 

Financing Strategy and Policies 

There is no limitation on the amount we may invest
or borrow for the purchase or origination of any single property or investment. Our charter allows us to incur leverage up to 300 of
our total net assets (as defined in our charter) as of the date of any borrowing, which is generally expected to be approximately
75 of the cost of our investments. We may only exceed this 300 limit if a majority of our independent directors approves each borrowing
in excess of this limit and we disclose such borrowing to our stockholders in our next quarterly report along with a justification for
the excess borrowing. In all events, we expect that our secured and unsecured borrowings will be reasonable in relation to the net value
of our assets and will be reviewed by our Board of Directors at least quarterly. 

We do not currently intend to exceed the leverage
limit in our charter. We believe that careful use of debt helps us to achieve our diversification goals because we may have more funds
available for investment. However, high levels of debt could cause us to incur higher interest charges and higher debt service payments,
which would decrease the amount of cash available for distributions, if any, to our investors. 

Tax Status 

We elected to qualify and be taxed as a REIT commencing
with the taxable year ended December 31, 2016. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our net taxable
income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. To maintain our REIT qualification under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, (the Code ), we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that
we annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which does not equal net income, as calculated in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP )), determined without regard
to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. If we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a REIT in any subsequent
year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, our income for that year will be taxed at the regular corporate rate,
and we may be precluded from qualifying for treatment as a REIT for the four-year period following our failure to qualify as a REIT. Such
an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Additionally, even
if we continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may still be subject to some U.S. federal, state and local
taxes on our income and property and to U.S. federal income taxes and excise taxes on our undistributed income, if any. 

To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we engage
in certain activities through taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ). As such, we are subject to U.S. federal and state income
and franchise taxes from these activities. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no material
uncertain income tax positions. 

Current Environment 

Our operating
results are substantially impacted by the overall health of local, U.S. national and global economies and may be influenced by market
and other challenges. Additionally, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by current and future economic and
other conditions; including, but not limited to, availability or terms of financings, financial markets volatility, political upheaval
or uncertainty, natural and man-made disasters, terrorism and acts of war, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, outbreaks of contagious
diseases, cybercrime, loss of key relationships, inflation and recession. 

Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide
economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on consumer behavior. Worsening economic conditions, increases in costs due to
inflation, higher interest rates, certain labor and supply chain challenges, and developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other
changes in economic conditions, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance . 

Competition 

The hotel and other commercial real estate markets
are highly competitive. This competition could reduce occupancy levels and revenues at our hotel, which would adversely affect our operations.
We face competition from many sources. We face competition from other hotels both in the immediate vicinity and the geographic market
where our hotel is located. Overbuilding in the hotel industry may increase the number of rooms available and may decrease occupancy and
room rates. In addition, increases in operating costs due to inflation may not be offset by increased room rates. We also face competition
from nationally recognized hotel brands with which we may not be associated. 

4 

We may also compete in markets with other owners
and operators of other types of real estate; including retail, office, industrial and residential real estate. The continued development
of new retail, office, industrial and residential properties has intensified the competition among owners and operators of these types
of real estate in many market areas in which we may operate. We compete based on a number of factors that include location, rental rates,
security, suitability of the property s design to prospective tenants needs and the manner in which the property is operated
and marketed. The number of competing properties in a particular market could have a material effect on our occupancy levels, rental rates
and on the operating expenses of our future properties, if any. 

In addition, we compete with other entities engaged
in real estate investment activities to locate suitable properties to acquire and to locate tenants and purchasers for such properties.
These competitors include other REITs, specialty finance companies, savings and loan associations, banks, mortgage bankers, insurance
companies, mutual funds, institutional investors, investment banking firms, lenders, governmental bodies and other entities. There are
also other REITs with asset acquisition objectives similar to ours and others that may be organized in the future. Some of these competitors,
including larger REITs, have substantially greater marketing and financial resources than we will have and generally may be able to accept
more risk than we can prudently manage, including risks with respect to the creditworthiness of tenants. In addition, these same entities
seek financing through similar channels to those sought by us. Therefore, we will compete for institutional investors in a market where
funds for real estate investment may decrease. 

Competition from these and other third-party real
estate investors may limit the number of suitable investment opportunities available to us. It may also result in higher prices, lower
yields and a narrower spread of yields over our borrowing costs, making it more difficult for us to acquire new investments on attractive
terms. In addition, competition for desirable investments could delay investments, which may in turn reduce our earnings per share and
negatively affect our ability make distributions to stockholders. 

We believe that our senior management s
experience, coupled with our financing, professionalism, diversity of properties and reputation in the industry enables us to compete
with the other real estate investment companies. 

Regulations 

Our investments are subject to various federal,
state and local laws, ordinances, and regulations, including, among other things, zoning regulations, land use controls, and environmental.
We believe that we have or will obtain all permits and approvals necessary under current law to operate our investments. 

Environmental 

As an owner of real estate, we are subject to
various environmental laws of U.S. federal, state and local governments. Compliance with existing laws has not had a material adverse
effect on our financial condition or results of operations, and management does not believe it will have such an impact in the future.
However, we cannot predict the impact of unforeseen environmental contingencies or new or changed laws or regulations on properties in
which we hold an interest, or on properties that may be acquired directly or indirectly in the future. 

Employees 

We do not have employees. We have entered into
an advisory agreement with our Advisor pursuant to which our Advisor supervises and manages our day-to-day operations and selects our
real estate and real estate related investments, subject to oversight by our Board of Directors. We pay our Advisor fees for services
related to the investment, management and development of our assets, and we reimburse our Advisor
for certain expenses incurred on our behalf. 

Available Information 

We electronically file annual reports on Form
10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports, and proxy statements, with the
SEC. Stockholders may obtain copies of our filings with the SEC, free of charge, from the website maintained by the SEC at http://www.sec.gov,
or at the SEC s Public Reference Room at 100 F. Street, N.E., Washington, D.C. 20549. The public may obtain information on the operation
of the Public Reference Room by calling the SEC at 1-800-SEC-0330. Our office is located at 1985 Cedar Bridge Avenue, Lakewood, NJ 08701.
Our telephone number is (732) 367-0129. Our website is www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com. 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS: 

None applicable. 

5 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES: 

As of December 31, 2022, we majority owned and
consolidated the operating results of Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture ), a joint venture
in which we have a 75 membership interest, and held an unconsolidated approximate 33.3 membership interest in 40 East End Ave.
Pref Member LLC (the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture ). We account for our unconsolidated membership interest in the 40 East
End Ave. Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting. 

The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture owns
land parcels located at 353-361 Bedford Avenue in the Williamsburg neighborhood of the borough of Brooklyn in New York City on which it
is developing and constructing a 210-room branded hotel (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel ). As of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel was under construction, but subsequently opened on March 7, 2023. Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT
III ), a REIT also sponsored by the Lightstone Group, LLC (the Sponsor and a related party, owns the other 25 membership
interest in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture, which is accounted for as noncontrolling interests in our consolidated financial
statements. 

The 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, through affiliates,
developed and constructed a luxury residential 29-unit condominium project (the 40 East Project located at the corner of
81st Street and East End Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City, which received its final TCO in March
2020. Through December 31, 2022, 21 of the 29 units in the 40 East End Project have been sold and the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture owns
the remaining eight unsold units. SAYT Master Holdco LLC, an entity majority-owned and controlled by David Lichtenstein, who also majority
owns and controls the Sponsor, and a related party, owns an approximate 66.7 membership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture. 

The following information generally applies to
our investments in our real estate properties: 

we believe our real estate properties are adequately covered
by insurance and suitable for their intended purpose; 

our real estate properties are located in markets where we
are subject to competition; and 

depreciation is provided on a straight-line basis over the
estimated useful life of the applicable improvements. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS: 

From time to time in the ordinary course of business, we
may become subject to legal proceedings, claims or disputes. 

As of the date hereof, we are not a party to any
material pending legal proceedings of which the outcome is probable or reasonably possible to have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations or financial condition, which would require accrual or disclosure of the contingency and possible range of loss. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

6 

PART II. 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER
MATTERS, AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES: 

Shareholder Information 

As of March 15, 2023, we had 8.3 million shares
of common stock outstanding, held by a total of 2,013 stockholders. The number of stockholders is based on the records of DST Systems
Inc., which serves as our registrar and transfer agent. 

Market Information 

Our Common Shares are not currently listed on
a national securities exchange. We may seek to list our Common Shares for trading on a national securities exchange only if a majority
of our independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of its stockholders. We do not intend to list our shares at
this time. We do not anticipate that there would be any market for our Common Shares until they are listed for trading. 

On December
16, 2021, our stockholders approved an amendment and restatement to our charter removing the requirement for us to either (a) amend
our charter to extend the deadline to begin the process of achieving a liquidity event, or (b) hold a stockholders meeting to vote on
a proposal for an orderly liquidation of our portfolio. 

Estimated Net Asset Value NAV and NAV per Share of Common Stock NAV per Share 

On March 15, 2023, our Board
of Directors determined and approved our estimated NAV of 84.0 million and resulting estimated NAV per Share of 10.00, both as of December 31,
2022. In connection with our initial public offering (the Offering ), which terminated on March 31, 2017, the Lightstone
Group, LLC (the Sponsor funded an aggregate of 12.6 million of principal advances under a subordinated agreement (the
 Subordinated Agreement ). However, in the calculation of our estimated NAV as of December 31, 2022, no allocation of value
was made to Subordinated advances related party because the estimated NAV per Share did not exceed an aggregate 10.00 price per
share plus a cumulative, pre-tax non-compounded annual return of 8.0 as of that date. Our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share are
based upon the estimated fair value of our assets and liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and are effective as of March 15, 2023. 

The estimated NAV of our shares
was calculated as of a particular point in time. The estimated NAV of our shares will fluctuate over time in response to developments
related to individual assets in the portfolio and the management of those assets and in response to the real estate and finance markets. 
There is no assurance of the extent to which the current estimated valuation should be relied upon for any purpose after its effective
date regardless that it may be published on any statement issued by us or otherwise. 

Process and Methodology 

Our business is externally managed
by Lightstone Real Estate Income LLC (the Advisor ), an affiliate of the Lightstone Group, LLC, which provides advisory services
to us and we have no employees. Our Advisor, along with any necessary material assistance or confirmation of a third-party valuation expert
or service, is responsible for calculating our NAV, which we currently expect will be done on at least an annual basis unless our Common
Shares are approved for listing on a national securities exchange. Our Board of Directors will review each estimate of NAV and approve
the resulting NAV per Share. 

Our estimated NAV per Share as
of December 31, 2022 was calculated with the assistance of both our Advisor and Marshall Steven s Incorporated M S ),
an independent third-party valuation firm engaged by us to assist with the valuation of our assets, liabilities and any allocations of
value to the Sponsor s subordinated advances. Our Advisor recommended and our Board of Directors established the estimated NAV per
Share as of December 31, 2022 based upon the analyses and reports provided by our Advisor and M S. The process for estimating
the value of our assets, liabilities and allocations of value to our Sponsor s subordinated advances is performed in accordance
with the provisions of the Investment Program Association (the IPA Practice Guideline 2013-01, Valuations of Publicly
Registered Non-Listed REITs, issued April 29, 2013. We believe that our valuations were developed in a manner reasonably designed
to ensure their reliability. 

The engagement of M S with
respect to our NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022 was approved by our Board of Directors, including all of our independent directors.
M S has extensive experience in conducting asset valuations, including valuations of commercial real estate, debt, properties and
real estate-related investments. 

7 

With respect to our NAV per Share
as of December 31, 2022, M S prepared appraisal reports (the M S Appraisal Reports summarizing key inputs
and assumptions on the two real estate assets (collectively, the M S Appraised Real Estate Assets in which we held
ownership interests as of December 31, 2022. 

M S also prepared a NAV report
(the December 2022 NAV Report which summarized the values of our ownership interests in real estate assets, non-real
estate assets and liabilities, which were used to calculate our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share, all as of December 31,
2022. The December 2022 NAV Report relied upon (i) M S s Appraisal Reports for the M S Appraised Real Estate Assets
and (ii) our Advisor s estimate of the value of cash and cash equivalents, restricted cash and other assets, mortgage payable
and accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities to calculate our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of December 31,
2022. 

The table below sets forth the
calculation of our estimated NAV and resulting NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022 as well as the comparable calculation as of
December 31, 2021. Certain amounts are reflected net of noncontrolling interests, as applicable. 

As of December 31, 2022 
 As of December 31, 2021 

Value 
 Per Share 
 Value 
 Per Share 

Net Assets: 

Real Estate Assets: 

Construction in progress 
 113,250,000 
 
 68,175,000 

Investments in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity 
 13,200,942 
 
 10,846,832 

Total real estate assets 
 126,450,942 
 15.06 
 79,021,832 
 9.32 
 
 Non-Real Estate Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 
 8,101,446 
 
 11,930,192 

Restricted cash and other assets 
 1,779,128 
 
 335,345 

Total non-real estate assets 
 9,880,574 
 1.17 
 12,265,537 
 1.45 
 
 Total Assets 
 136,331,516 
 16.23 
 91,287,369 
 10.77 
 
 Liabilities: 

Mortgage payable 
 (47,723,537 
 
 (11,132,802 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 
 (4,624,429 
 
 (7,444,065 

Total liabilities 
 (52,347,966 
 (6.23 
 (18,576,867 
 (2.19 

NAV 
 83,983,550 
 10.00 
 72,710,502 
 8.58 

Shares of Common Stock Outstanding 
 8,398,355 
 
 8,477,679 

Use of an Independent Valuation Firm 

As discussed above, our Advisor
is responsible for calculating our NAV. In connection with determining our NAV, our Advisor may rely on the material assistance or confirmation
of a third-party valuation expert or service. In this regard, M S was selected by our Board of Directors to assist our Advisor in
the calculation of our estimated NAV and resulting estimated NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022. M S services included appraising
the M S Appraised Real Estate Assets and preparing the December 2022 NAV Report. M S is engaged in the business of appraising
commercial real estate properties and is not affiliated with us or the Advisor. The compensation we paid to M S was based on the scope
of work and not on the appraised values of our real estate properties. The appraisals were performed in accordance with the Code of Ethics
and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice, or USPAP, the real estate appraisal industry standards created by The Appraisal
Foundation. The M S Appraisal Reports were reviewed, approved, and signed by an individual with the professional designation of MAI
licensed in the state where each real property is located. The use of the reports is subject to the requirements of the Appraisal Institute
relating to review by its duly authorized representatives. In preparing its reports, M S did not, and was not requested to; solicit
third-party indications of interest for our common stock in connection with possible purchases thereof or the acquisition of all or any
part of us. In preparing its reports, M S did not, and was not requested to solicit third-party indications of interest for our common
stock in connection with possible purchases thereof or the acquisition of all or any part of us. 

M S collected reasonably available
material information that it deemed relevant in appraising these real estate properties. M S relied in part on property-level information
provided by our Advisor, including (i) property historical and projected operating revenues and expenses; and/or (ii) information
regarding recent or planned capital expenditures. 

In conducting their investigation
and analyses, M S took into account customary and accepted financial and commercial procedures and considerations as they deemed relevant.
Although M S reviewed information supplied or otherwise made available by us or the Advisor for reasonableness, they assumed and relied
upon the accuracy and completeness of all such information and of all information supplied or otherwise made available to them by any
other party and did not independently verify any such information. M S assumed that any operating or financial forecasts and other
information and data provided to or otherwise reviewed by or discussed with M S were reasonably prepared in good faith on bases reflecting
the then best currently available estimates and judgments of our management, our Board of Directors, and/or the Advisor. M S relied
on us to advise them promptly if any information previously provided became inaccurate or was required to be updated during the period
of their review. 

8 

In performing its analyses, M S
made numerous other assumptions as of various points in time with respect to industry performance, general business, economic, and regulatory
conditions, and other matters, many of which are beyond their control and our control. M S also made assumptions with respect to certain
factual matters. For example, unless specifically informed to the contrary, M S assumed that our joint ventures have clear and marketable
title to each real estate property appraised, that no title defects exist, that any improvements were made in accordance with law, that
no hazardous materials are present or were present previously, that no significant deed restrictions exist, and that no changes to zoning
ordinances or regulations governing use, density, or shape are pending or being considered. Furthermore, M S s analyses, opinions,
and conclusions were necessarily based upon market, economic, financial, and other circumstances and conditions existing as of or prior
to the date of the M S Appraisal Reports, and any material change in such circumstances and conditions may affect M S s
analyses and conclusions. The M S Appraisal Reports contain other assumptions, qualifications, and limitations that qualify the analyses,
opinions, and conclusions set forth therein. Furthermore, the prices at which our ownership interests in the real estate properties may
actually be sold could differ from M S s analyses. 

M S is actively engaged in
the business of appraising commercial real estate properties and real estate related-investments similar to those owned or invested by
us in connection with public security offerings, private placements, business combinations, and similar transactions. We do not believe
that there are any material conflicts of interest between M S, on the one hand, and us, the Sponsor, the Advisor, and our affiliates,
on the other hand. Our Advisor engaged M S on behalf of our Board of Directors to deliver their reports to assist in the NAV calculation
as of December 31, 2022 and M S received compensation for those efforts. In addition, we agreed to indemnify M S against
certain liabilities arising out of this engagement. M S has previously assisted in our prior NAV calculations and has also been engaged
by us for certain valuation services with respect to our investments. M S may from time to time in the future perform other services
for us and our Sponsor or other affiliates of the Sponsor, so long as such other services do not adversely affect the independence of
M S as certified in the M S Appraisal Reports. During the past two years M S has also been engaged to provide appraisal services
to another non-traded REIT sponsored by our Sponsor for which it was paid usual and customary fees. 

Although M S considered any
comments received from us and the Advisor relating to their reports, the final estimated fair values for the M S Appraised Properties
were determined by M S. The reports were addressed to our Board of Directors to assist our Board of Directors in calculating an estimated
NAV per Share as of December 31, 2022. The reports were not addressed to the public, may not be relied upon by any other person to
establish an estimated NAV per Share, and do not constitute a recommendation to any person to purchase or sell any shares of our common
stock. 

Our goal in calculating our estimated
NAV is to arrive at values that are reasonable and supportable using what we deem to be appropriate valuation methodologies and assumptions.
The reports, including the analysis, opinions, and conclusions set forth in such reports, are qualified by the assumptions, qualifications,
and limitations set forth in the respective reports. The following is a summary of our valuation methodologies used to value our assets
and liabilities by key component: 

Real estate assets 

As of December 31, 2022, we majority owned and
consolidated the operating results of Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture ), a joint venture
in which we have a 75 membership interest, and held an unconsolidated approximate 33.3 membership interest in 40 East End Ave. Pref
Member LLC (the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture ). We account for our unconsolidated membership interest in the 40 East End
Ave. Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting. 

The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture owns
land parcels located at 353-361 Bedford Avenue in the Williamsburg neighborhood of the borough of Brooklyn in New York City on which it
is developing and constructing a 210-room branded hotel (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel ). As of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel was under construction, but subsequently opened on March 7, 2023. Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT
III ), a REIT also sponsored by the Sponsor and a related party, owns the other 25 membership interest in the Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture, which is accounted for as noncontrolling interests in our consolidated financial statements. 

The 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, through affiliates,
developed and constructed a luxury residential 29-unit condominium project (the 40 East Project located at the corner of
81st Street and East End Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City, which received its final TCO in March
2020. Through December 31, 2022, 21 of the 29 units in the 40 East End Project have been sold and the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture owns
the remaining eight unsold units. SAYT Master Holdco LLC, an entity majority-owned and controlled by David Lichtenstein, who also majority
owns and controls the Sponsor, and a related party, owns an approximate 66.7 membership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture. 

Additionally, Lightstone
Value Plus REIT I, Inc.( Lightstone REIT I ), a REIT also sponsored by the Sponsor, made 30.0 million of preferred equity
contributions (the Preferred Contributions to a subsidiary of the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, pursuant to an instrument
that entitles Lightstone REIT I to monthly preferred distributions at a rate of 12 per annum. No distributions may be paid to the members
until the Preferred Contributions are redeemed in full. In December 2019 and February 2020, the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture redeemed
an aggregate 13.0 million and 11.0 million of Preferred Contributions, respectively, reducing Lightstone REIT I s Preferred Contributions
to 6.0 million, which remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

9 

As described above, we engaged M S to provide
an appraisal of the M S Appraised Real Estate Assets as of December 31, 2022 consisting of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel and the 40
East End Avenue Project. 

In preparing their appraisal reports, the scope
of the work performed by M S included the following procedures, as well other factors: 

A review of all property level information provided by our Advisor; 

A review of the historical performance of our real estate investments and business plans related to operations of the investments; 

A review of the data models prepared by the Advisor supporting the valuation for each investment; and 

A review of the applicable markets by means of publications and other resources to measure current market conditions, supply and demand
factors, and growth patterns. 

M S employed the income approach and/or the
sales comparison approach to estimate the value of the appraised properties. The income approach involves an economic analysis of the
property based on its potential to provide future net annual income. As part of the valuation, a discounted cash flow analysis DCF
Analysis and/or direct capitalization analysis was used in the income approach to determine the value of our interest in the portfolio.
The indicated value by the income approach represents the amount an investor may pay for the expectation of receiving the net cash flow
from the property. 

The direct capitalization analysis is based upon
the net operating income of the property capitalized at an appropriate capitalization rate for the property based upon property characteristics
and competitive position and market conditions at the date of the appraisal. 

In applying the DCF Analysis, pro forma statements
of operations for the property including revenues and expenses are analyzed and projected over a multi-year period or the expected sell
out period for a condominium project. If applicable, the property is assumed to be sold at the end of the multi-year holding period.
If applicable, the reversion value of the property which can be realized upon sale at the end of the holding period is calculated based
on the capitalization of the estimated net operating income of the property in the year of sale, utilizing a capitalization rate deemed
appropriate in light of the age, anticipated functional and economic obsolescence and competitive position of the property at the time
of sale. Net proceeds to owners are determined by deducting appropriate costs of sale. The discount rate selected for the DCF Analysis
is based upon estimated target rates of return for buyers of similar properties. 

The sales comparison approach utilizes indices
of value derived from actual or proposed sales of comparable properties to estimate the value of the subject property. The appraiser analyzed
such comparable sale data as was available to develop a market value conclusion for the subject property. 

M S prepared the M S Appraisal Reports
summarizing key inputs and assumptions, for each of the appraised properties using financial information provided by us and our Advisor.
From such review, M S selected the appropriate cash flow discount rate, residual discount rate, and terminal capitalization rate in
the DCF Analysis, if applicable, the appropriate capitalization rate in the direct capitalization analysis and the appropriate price per
unit in the sales comparison analysis. As for those properties consolidated on our financials, and for which we do not own 100 of the
ownership interest, the property value was adjusted to reflect our ownership interest in such property after consideration of the distribution
priorities associated with such property. 

The estimated values for our investments in real
estate may or may not represent current market values and do not equal the book values of our real estate investments in accordance with
GAAP. Our consolidated investment in real estate is currently carried in our consolidated financial statements at its amortized cost basis,
adjusted for any loss impairments and bargain purchase gains recognized to date. Our unconsolidated investments in real estate are currently
accounted for under the cost method of accounting in our consolidated financial statements. 

10 

The following summarizes the valuation approaches
used for our real estate assets: 

Construction in progress: 

M S deemed it appropriate
to determine the estimated fair value of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel as December 31, 2022 of 151.0 million using a DCF Analysis taking
into consideration the expected net operating income NOI of the property upon stabilization less the remaining estimated
costs to complete. NOI is all gross revenues from the property less all operating expenses, including property taxes and management fees
but excluding depreciation. 

The following summarizes the key
assumptions that were used in the DCF Analysis to estimate the value of our Williamsburg Moxy Hotel as of December 31, 2022: 

Williamsburg Moxy Hotel 
 
 Weighted-average: 

Exit capitalization rate 
 8.00 
 
 Discount rate 
 9.50 
 
 Annual market rent growth rate 
 5.35 
 
 Annual net operating income growth rate 
 5.90 
 
 Holding period (in years) 
 10 

Accordingly, the estimated
fair value of our 75 ownership interest in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel was 113.3 million as of December 31, 2022. 

The estimated fair value of our 75 ownership
interest in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel of 113.3 million compared to our relative carrying value of 86.0 million, both as of December 31,
2022, equates to an increase in value of 31.7 . 

While we believe that the assumptions utilized
in the DCF Analysis are reasonable, a change in these assumptions would affect the calculation of the value of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel.
The table below presents the estimated increase or decrease to our estimated NAV per Share resulting from a 25-basis point increase and
decrease in the discount rate and capitalization rate used in the DCF Analysis. The table is presented to provide a hypothetical illustration
of possible results if only one change in assumptions was made with all other factors remaining constant. Further, each of these assumptions
could change by more or less than 25-basis points or not at all. 

Change in NAV per Share 

Increase of 
 25 basis points 
 Decrease of 
 25 basis points 
 
 Capitalization rate 
 (0.12 
 0.12 
 
 Discount rate 
 (0.14 
 0.14 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliated real estate
entity: 

M S deemed it
appropriate to determine the estimated fair value of the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture s ownership in the remaining eight unsold
units in 40 East End Project as December 31, 2022 of 45.3 million based on a DCF Analysis of the
estimated net sales proceeds taking into consideration the expected timing of the sales for the remaining unsold units, as well as the
remaining estimated carrying costs. M S used a discount rate of 5.0 in the DCF Analysis. 

While we believe that the assumptions utilized
in the DCF Analysis are reasonable, a change in these assumptions would affect the calculation of the value of the 40 East End Avenue
Project. However, the estimated increase or decrease to our estimated NAV per Share resulting from both a 25-basis point increase and
decrease in the discount rate used in the DCF Analysis would be negligible. These amounts are presented to provide a hypothetical illustration
of possible results assuming just a change was made to the discount rate with all other factors remaining constant. Further, the discount
rate could change by more or less than 25-basis points or not at all. 

As of December 31, 2022,
the estimated fair value of our approximate 33.3 ownership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture of approximately 13.2 million
was calculated based on the appraised value of the eight remaining unsold units in the 40 East End Project of 45.3 million plus all of
the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture s non-real estate assets, net of 0.3 million; less the preferred member s equity
interest of 6.0 million. The estimated fair value of our approximate 33.3 ownership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture of
 13.2 million represented an increase of 1.6 relative to our carrying value of 13.0 million as of December 31, 2022. 

11 

Cash and cash equivalents: The
estimated value of our cash and cash equivalents equals its carrying value. 

Restricted cash and other assets: 
The estimated values of our restricted cash and other assets approximate their carrying values due to their short maturities. 

Mortgage payable: We
have a mortgage payable that bears interest at a variable rate. The estimated value of our variable-rate mortgage loan was deemed to approximate
its carrying value because its interest rate moves in conjunction with changes to market interest rates. 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other
liabilities: The carrying values of our accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities were considered to
equal their fair value due to their short maturities. 

Subordinated advances related party: Our
Subordinated advances related party, consisting of 12.6 million of principal advances made by our Sponsor under the Subordinated
Agreement and the related accrued interest, are classified as a liability on our consolidated balance sheets. However, for purposes of
our NAV, we do not estimate their fair value in accordance with GAAP. Rather, the IPA s Practice Guideline 2013-01provides for adjustments
to the NAV for preferred securities, special interests and incentive fees based on the aggregate NAV of the company and payable to the
Sponsor in a hypothetical liquidation of the company as of the valuation date in accordance with the provisions of the partnership or
Advisory agreements and the terms of the preferred securities. Because our Subordinated advances related party are only payable
to our Sponsor in a liquidation event, we believe they should be valued for our NAV in accordance with these provisions. 

Accordingly, no allocations of value are made to our
Subordinated advances related party unless the estimated NAV per Share would have exceeded 10.00 per share plus a cumulative,
pre-tax non-compounded annual return of 8.0 as of the indicated valuation date. In connection with our Offering, which terminated on
March 31, 2017, our Sponsor funded an aggregate of 12.6 million of principal advances under the Subordinated Agreement. In the calculation
of our estimated NAV as of December 31, 2022, no allocation of value was made to our Subordinated advances related party,
because the estimated NAV per Share did not exceed an aggregate 10.00 price per share plus a cumulative, pre-tax non-compounded annual
return of 8.0 as of that date. 

Historical Estimated NAV and NAV per Share 

Additional information on our
historical reported estimated NAV and NAV per Share as of December 31, 2021 may be found in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal
year ended December 31, 2021 filed on March 23, 2022. 

Limitations and Risks 

As with any valuation methodology,
the methodology used to determine our estimated NAV and resulting estimated NAV per Share is based upon a number of estimates and assumptions
that may prove later not to be accurate or complete. Further, different market participants with different property-specific and general
real estate and capital market assumptions, estimates, judgments and standards could derive different estimated NAVs per share, which
could be significantly different from the estimated NAV per Share approved by our Board of directors. The estimated NAV per Share approved
by our Board of Directors does not represent the fair value of our assets less liabilities in accordance with GAAP, and such estimated
NAV per Share is not a representation, warranty or guarantee that: 

A stockholder would be able to resell his or her shares at the estimated NAV per Share; 

A stockholder would ultimately realize distributions per share of common stock equal to the estimated
NAV per Share upon liquidation of our assets and settlement of our liabilities or a sale of the Company; 

Our shares of common stock would trade at the estimated NAV per Share on a national securities exchange; 

An independent third-party appraiser or other third-party valuation firm would agree with the estimated
NAV per Share; or 

The methodology used to estimate our NAV per Share would be acceptable to FINRA or under the Employee
Retirement Income Security Act with respect to their respective requirements. 

The Internal Revenue Service and
the Department of Labor do not provide any guidance on the methodology an issuer must use to determine its estimated NAV per Share. 

FINRA guidance provides that NAV
valuations be derived from a methodology that conforms to industry practice. 

12 

As with any valuation methodology,
our methodology is based upon a number of estimates and assumptions that may not be accurate or complete. Different parties with different
assumptions and estimates could derive different estimated NAVs per share, and these differences could be significant. The estimated NAV
per Share is not audited and does not represent the fair value of our assets less our liabilities in accordance with GAAP, nor do they
represent an actual liquidation value of our assets and liabilities or the price that shares of our common stock would trade at on a national
securities exchange. As of the date of this filing, although we have not sought stockholder approval to adopt a plan of liquidation of
the Company, certain distributions may be payable to our Sponsor in connection with a liquidation event. Accordingly, our estimated NAV
per Share reflects any allocation of value to the Sponsor s subordinated advances representing the amount that would be payable
to the sponsor in connection with a liquidation event pursuant to the guidelines for estimating NAV contained in IPA Practice Guideline
2013-01, Valuation of Publicly Registered Non-Listed REITs . Our estimated NAV per Share is based on the estimated value
of our assets less the estimated value of our liabilities less any allocations of value to the Sponsor s subordinated advances divided
by the number of our diluted shares of common stock outstanding, all as of the date indicated. Our estimated NAV per Share does not reflect
a discount for the fact we are externally managed, nor does it reflect a real estate portfolio premium/discount versus the sum of the
individual property values. Our estimated NAV per Share does not take into account estimated disposition costs or fees or penalties, if
any, that may apply upon the prepayment of certain of our debt obligations or the impact of restrictions on the assumption of certain
debt. Our NAV per Share will fluctuate over time as a result of, among other things, future acquisitions or dispositions of assets, developments
related to individual assets and the management of those assets and changes in the real estate and capital markets. Different parties
using different assumptions and estimates could derive different NAVs and resulting estimated NAVs per share, and these differences could
be significant. Markets for real estate and real estate-related investments can fluctuate and values are expected to change in the future.
We currently expect that our Advisor will estimate our NAV on at least an annual basis. Our Board of Directors will review and approve
each estimate of NAV. 

The following factors may cause
a stockholder not to ultimately realize distributions per share of common stock equal to the estimated NAV per Share upon liquidation: 

The methodology used to determine estimated NAV per Share includes a number of estimates and assumptions that may not prove to be
accurate or complete as compared to the actual amounts received in the liquidation; 

In a liquidation, certain assets may not be liquidated at their estimated values because of transfer fees and disposition fees, which
are not reflected in the estimated NAV calculation; 

In a liquidation, debt obligations may have to be prepaid and the costs of any prepayment penalties may reduce the liquidation amounts.
Prepayment penalties are not included in determining the estimated value of liabilities in determining estimated NAV; 

In a liquidation, the real estate assets may derive a portfolio premium which premium is not considered in determining estimated NAV; 

In a liquidation, the potential buyers of the assets may use different estimates and assumptions than those used in determining estimated
NAV; 

If the liquidation occurs through a listing of the common stock on a national securities exchange, the capital markets may value the
Company s net assets at a different amount than the estimated NAV. Such valuation would likely be based upon customary REIT valuation
methodology including funds from operation FFO multiples of other comparable REITs, FFO coverage of dividends
and adjusted FFO payout of the Company s anticipated dividend; and 

If the liquidation occurs through a merger of the Company with another REIT, the amount realized for the common stock may not equal
the estimated NAV per Share because of many factors including the aggregate consideration received, the make-up of the consideration (e.g.,
cash, stock or both), the performance of any stock received as part of the consideration during the merger process and thereafter, the
reception of the merger in the market and whether the market believes the pricing of the merger was fair to both parties. 

Share Repurchase Program 

Our share repurchase program (the
 SRP may provide our stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell their Common Shares back
to us, subject to restrictions. 

On March 25, 2020, the Board of Directors amended
the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension of all redemptions. 

13 

Effective May 10, 2021, our Board of Directors
reopened the SRP only for redemptions submitted in connection with either a stockholder s death or hardship and set the price for
all such purchases at our estimated NAV per Share, as determined by the Board of Directors and reported by the Company from time to time,
on the date of redemption. Additionally, beginning on January 1, 2022, any requests for redemptions in connection with a stockholder s
death must be submitted and received by us within one year of the stockholder s date of death for consideration. 

Our Board of Directors has established that on
an annual basis we will not redeem in excess of 0.5 of the number of shares outstanding as of the end of the preceding year for
either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Redemption requests are expected to be processed on a quarterly basis and may be subject
to pro ration if either type of redemption requests exceed the annual limitation. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased
79,324 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 8.55 per share. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased 59,745
Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 8.50 per share. 

Distributions 

The Board of Directors commenced declaring and
we began paying distributions on our Common Shares at the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.80 per share, or an annualized
rate of 8.0 assuming a purchase price of 10.00 per share, beginning with the period from June 22, 2015 through November 30, 2015 and
monthly thereafter beginning with the month ending December 31, 2015 through the month ending June 30, 2019. Beginning with the month
ending July 31, 2019 through the month ending March 31, 2020, the Board of Directors decreased the regular monthly distributions on our
Common Shares to the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.40 per share, or an annualized rate of 4.0 assuming a purchase
price of 10.00 per share. Distributions were payable to stockholders of record at the close of business on the last day of the month-end.
All distributions were paid on or about the 15th day of the month following the month-end. On March 25, 2020, the Board of Directors determined
to suspend regular monthly distributions. 

2020 Special Distribution 

On December 21, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized
and we declared a special distribution of 0.37 per common share payable to stockholders of record as of December 31, 2020 (the 2020
Special Distribution ). The total 2020 Special Distribution of 3.2 million, which represented a portion of the proceeds generated
from asset sales, was paid on or about January 15, 2021. 

2021 Special
Distribution 

On August 9, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized
and we declared a special distribution of 0.215 per common share payable to stockholders of record as of September 30, 2021 (the 2021
Special Distribution ). The total 2021 Special Distribution of 1.8 million, which represented a portion of the proceeds generated
from asset sales and was paid on or about October 15, 2021. 

No distributions were declared or paid during
the year ended December 31, 2022. Total distributions declared and paid during the year ended December 31, 2021 were 1.8 million and
 5.0 million, respectively. 

Future distributions, if any, declared will be
at the discretion of the Board of Directors based on their analysis of our performance over the previous periods and expectations of performance
for future periods. The Board of Directors will consider various factors in its determination, including but not limited to, the sources
and availability of capital, operating and interest expenses, our ability to refinance near-term debt, as well as the IRS s annual
distribution requirement that REITs distribute no less than 90 of their taxable income. We cannot assure that any future distributions
will be made or that we will maintain any particular level of distributions that we have previously established or may establish. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the period covered by this Form 10-K, we
did not sell any equity securities that were not registered under the Securities Act of 1933. 

14 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION
AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS: 

You should read the following discussion
and analysis together with our consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The
following information contains forward-looking statements, which are subject to risks and uncertainties. Should one or more of these risks
or uncertainties materialize, actual results may differ materially from those expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
Please see Special Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements above for a description of these risks and uncertainties. 
 Dollar amounts are presented in whole numbers, except per share data and where indicated in millions. 

Overview 

Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. Lightstone
REIT IV ), which was formerly known as Lightstone Real Estate Income Trust, Inc. before September 15, 2021, is a Maryland
corporation, formed on September 9, 2014, which elected to qualify as a real estate
investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with the taxable year ending December 31, 2016. 

Lightstone REIT IV, together with its subsidiaries
is collectively referred to as the Company and the use of we, our, us or similar
pronouns refers to Lightstone REIT IV or the Company as required by the context in which any such pronoun is used. 

We have and may continue to seek opportunities
to invest in real estate and real estate-related investments. Our real estate investments may include operating properties and development
projects and its real estate-related investment may include mezzanine loans, mortgage loans, bridge loans and preferred equity interests,
with a focus on development-related investments, including investments intended to finance development or redevelopment opportunities.
We may also invest in debt and derivative securities related to real estate assets. A portion of our investments may be secured by or
related to properties or entities advised by, or wholly or partially, directly or indirectly owned by, The Lightstone Group, LLC (the
 Sponsor ), its affiliates or other real estate investment programs it sponsors. Although we expect that most of our investments
will be of these various types, we may also make other investments. In fact, we may invest in whatever types of investments that we believe
are in its best interests. 

We currently have one operating segment. As of
December 31, 2022, we majority owned and consolidated the operating results of Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC (the Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture ), a joint venture in which we have a 75 membership interest, and held an unconsolidated approximate 33.3 
membership interest in 40 East End Ave. Pref Member LLC (the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture ). We account for our unconsolidated
membership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting. 

The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture owns
land parcels located at 353-361 Bedford Avenue in the Williamsburg neighborhood of the borough of Brooklyn in New York City on which it
is developing and constructing a 210-room branded hotel (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel ). As of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel was under construction, but subsequently opened on March 7, 2023. Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT
III ), a REIT also sponsored by the Sponsor and a related party, owns the other 25 membership interest in the Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture, which is accounted for as noncontrolling interests in our consolidated financial statements. 

The 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, through affiliates,
developed and constructed a luxury residential 29-unit condominium project (the 40 East End Project located at the corner
of 81st Street and East End Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City, which received its final TCO in
March 2020. Through December 31, 2022, 21 of the 29 units in the 40 East End Project have been sold and the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture
owns the remaining eight unsold units. SAYT Master Holdco LLC, an entity majority-owned and controlled by David Lichtenstein, who also
majority owns and controls the Sponsor, and a related party, owns an approximate 66.7 membership into in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture. 

Our advisor is Lightstone Real Estate Income LLC,
a Delaware limited liability company (the Advisor ), which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein. On September
12, 2014, the Advisor contributed 200,000 to Lightstone REIT IV in exchange for 20,000 shares of common stock Common Shares ),
or 10.00 per share. Mr. Lichtenstein also is a majority owner of the equity interests of The Lightstone Group, LLC. The Lightstone Group,
LLC served as the Sponsor during our initial public offering (the Offering which terminated on March 31, 2017. Mr. Lichtenstein
also owns 222,222 Common Shares which were issued on June 15, 2015 for 2.0 million, or 9.00 per share. Subject to the oversight of our
board of directors (the Board of Directors and pursuant to the terms of an advisory agreement, the Advisor has the primary
responsibility for making investment decisions on our behalf and managing our day-to-day operations. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result, he exerts influence over but does not control Lightstone REIT IV. 

We do not have employees. We have entered into
an advisory agreement with the Advisor, pursuant to which the Advisor supervises and manages our day-to-day operations and selects our
real estate and real estate related investments, subject to oversight by our Board of Directors. We pay the Advisor fees for services
related to the investment, management and development of our assets, and we reimburse the Advisor for certain expenses incurred on our
behalf. 

On March 18, 2016, we and the Sponsor entered
into a subordinated unsecured loan agreement (the Subordinated Agreement pursuant to which the Sponsor made aggregate principal
advances of 12.6 million to us through March 31, 2017 (the termination date of the Offering). The outstanding principal advances bear
interest at a rate of 1.48 , but no interest or principal is due and payable to the Sponsor until holders of our Common Shares have received
liquidation distributions equal to their respective net investments (defined as 10.00 per Common Share) plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded
annual return of 8.0 on their respective net investments. 

15 

Distributions in connection with a liquidation
of the Company initially will be made to holders of our Common Shares until holders of our Common Shares have received liquidation distributions
equal to their respective net investments plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return of 8.0 on their respective net investments.
Thereafter, only if additional liquidating distributions are available, we will be obligated to repay the outstanding principal advances
and related accrued interest to the Sponsor. In the event that additional liquidation distributions are available after the we repay our
holders of Common Shares their respective net investments plus their 8 return on investment and then the outstanding principal advances
and related accrued interest to the Sponsor, such additional distributions will be paid to holders of our Common Shares and the Sponsor
as follows: 85.0 of the aggregate amount will be payable to holders of our Common Shares and the remaining 15.0 will be payable to the
Sponsor. 

The principal advances and the related interest
are subordinate to all of our obligations as well as to the holders of our Common Shares in an amount equal to the shareholder s
net investment plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return of 8.0 and only potentially payable in the event of a liquidation
of the Company. 

In connection with the termination of the Offering
on March 31, 2017, we and the Sponsor simultaneously terminated the Subordinated Agreement and as a result, the Sponsor is no longer obligated
to make any additional principal advances to us. Interest will continue to accrue on the outstanding principal advances and repayment,
if any, of the principal advances and related accrued interest will still be made according to the terms of the Subordinated Agreement
disclosed above. 

As of December 31, 2022, 13.8 million of principal
advances and related accrued interest were outstanding. 

Acquisitions and Investment Strategy 

Our strategy is to originate, acquire and manage
a diverse portfolio of real estate or real estate-related investments located primarily in the United States. A substantial portion of
our investments currently are related-party investments located in relatively large metropolitan areas. We generally have sought to create
a portfolio of investments that either generate or are expected to generate attractive cash flow for distributions. However, we have and
still may target capital appreciation from our investments. 

We have not established any limits on the percentage
of our portfolio that may be comprised of various categories of assets which present differing levels of risk. The allocation of our assets
under management is dependent, in part, upon the then-current commercial real estate market, the investment opportunities it presents
and available financing, if any, as well as other micro and macro market conditions. 

We have and may continue to seek opportunities
to invest in real estate and real estate-related investments. Our real estate investments may include operating properties and development
projects and its real estate-related investments may include mezzanine loans, mortgage loans, bridge loans and preferred equity interests,
with a focus on development-related investments, including those intended to finance development or redevelopment opportunities. We may
also invest in debt and derivative securities related to real estate assets. A portion of our investments may be secured by or related
to properties or entities advised by, or wholly or partially, directly or indirectly, owned by, our sponsor, its affiliates or other real
estate investment programs sponsored by it. Although we expect that most of our investments will be of these various types, we may make
other investments. In fact, we may invest in whatever types of investments that we believe are in our best interests. 

We have and may continue to focus our acquisition
and origination activity on real estate properties and real estate-related investments located in the United States, including certain
related-party investments generally conducted through joint venture arrangements. We sometimes refer to the foregoing types of investments
as our targeted investments. We expect to target investments that generally will offer predictable current cash flow and/or attractive
risk-adjusted returns based on the underwriting criteria established and employed by our advisor, which may include the anticipated leverage
point, market and economic conditions, the location and quality of the underlying collateral and the borrower s exit or refinancing
plan. Our ability to continue to execute our investment strategy may be enhanced through access to the sponsor s extensive experience
in both financing and developing real estate projects as well as in buying assets in the open market from third-parties. We have and will
continue to seek to build a portfolio that may include some of or all the following investment characteristics: (a) provides current income;
(b) is secured by high-quality commercial real estate; (c) includes subordinate capital investments by strong sponsors that support its
investments and provide downside protection; and (d) possesses strong structural features that maximize repayment potential, such as a
clear exit or refinancing plan by the borrower. 

We have and may also continue to seek to invest
in real estate-related loans and debt securities both by directly originating them and by purchasing them from third-party sellers. Although
we generally prefer the benefits of direct origination, situations may arise to purchase real estate-related loans and debt securities,
possibly at discounts to par, which compensate for the lack of control or structural enhancements typically associated with directly structured
investments. 

16 

Current Environment 

Our operating
results are substantially impacted by the overall health of local, U.S. national and global economies and may be influenced by market
and other challenges. Additionally, our business and financial performance may be adversely affected by current and future economic and
other conditions; including, but not limited to, availability or terms of financings, financial markets volatility, political upheaval
or uncertainty, natural and man-made disasters, terrorism and acts of war, unfavorable changes in laws and regulations, outbreaks of contagious
diseases, cybercrime, loss of key relationships, inflation and recession. 

Our overall performance depends in part on worldwide
economic and geopolitical conditions and their impacts on consumer behavior. Worsening economic conditions, increases in costs due to
inflation, higher interest rates, certain labor and supply chain challenges, and developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic, and other
changes in economic conditions, may adversely affect our results of operations and financial performance. 

Use of Estimates in the Preparation of Financial Statements 

The consolidated financial statements have been
prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). GAAP requires
the Company s management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, the disclosure
of contingent assets and liabilities and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during a reporting period. The most significant
assumptions and estimates relate to the valuation of real estate and investments in other real estate entities. Application of these assumptions
requires the exercise of judgment as to future uncertainties and, as a result, actual results could differ from these estimates. 

Critical Accounting Estimates
and Policies 

To assist in understanding our results of operations
and financial position, we have identified our critical accounting policies and discussed them below. These accounting policies are most
important to the portrayal of our results and financial position, either because of the significance of the financial statement items
to which they relate or because they require management s most difficult, subjective or complex judgments. 

Principles of Consolidation
and Basis of Presentation 

Our consolidated financial statements include our
accounts and the accounts of other subsidiaries over which we have control. All inter-company transactions, balances, and profits have
been eliminated in consolidation. In addition, interests in entities acquired are evaluated based on applicable GAAP, and deemed to be
variable interest entities VIE in which we are the primary beneficiary are also consolidated. If the interest in the entity
is determined not to be a VIE, then the entity is evaluated for consolidation based on legal form, economic substance, and the extent
to which we have control, substantive participating rights or both under the respective ownership agreement. For entities in which we
have significant influence but less than a controlling interest or entities which we are
not deemed to be the primary beneficiary, we account for the investment using the equity method of accounting. 

There are judgments and estimates involved in determining
if an entity in which we have made an investment is a VIE and, if so, whether we are the primary beneficiary. The entity is evaluated
to determine if it is a VIE by, among other things, calculating the percentage of equity being risked compared to the total equity of
the entity. Determining expected future losses involves assumptions of various possibilities of the results of future operations
of the entity, assigning a probability to each possibility and using a discount rate to determine the net present value of those future
losses. A change in the judgments, assumptions, and estimates outlined above could result in consolidating an entity that should
not be consolidated or accounting for an investment using the equity method that should in fact be consolidated, the effects of which
could be material to our financial statements. 

Accounting for Development Projects 

We incur a variety of costs in the development of
a property. The costs of land and building under development include specifically identifiable costs. The capitalized costs include, but
are not limited to, pre-construction costs essential to the development of the property, development costs, construction costs, interest
costs, real estate taxes and other costs incurred during the period of development. We cease capitalization when the development project
is substantially complete and placed in service, which may occur in phases . Determination
of when a development project is substantially complete and capitalization must cease involves a degree of judgment. 

Once the development project is placed in service,
which may occur in phases or for an entire building or project, the costs capitalized to construction in progress are transferred to land
and improvements, buildings and improvements, and furniture and fixtures on our consolidated balance sheets at the historical cost of
the property. 

17 

Impairment
Evaluation 

We
evaluate our investments in real estate assets for potential impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the
undiscounted projected cash flows are less than the carrying amount for a particular property. We evaluate the recoverability of our investments
in real estate assets at the lowest identifiable level, the individual property level. No single indicator would necessarily result in
us preparing an estimate to determine if an individual property s future undiscounted cash flows are less than its carrying value.
We use judgment to determine if the severity of any single indicator, or the fact there are a number of indicators of less severity that
when combined, would result in an indication that a property requires an estimate of the undiscounted cash flows to determine if an impairment
has occurred. Relevant facts and circumstances include, among others, significant underperformance relative to historical or projected
future operating results and significant negative industry or economic trends. The estimated cash flows used for the impairment analysis
are subjective and require us to use our judgment and the determination of estimated fair value are based on our plans for the respective
assets and our views of market and economic conditions. The estimates consider matters such as future operating income, market and other
applicable trends and residual value, as well as the effects of demand, competition, and recent sales data for comparable properties.
An impairment loss is recognized only if the carrying amount of a property is not recoverable and exceeds its fair value. 

Investments in Unconsolidated Entities 

We evaluate our investments in other entities for
consolidation. We consider our percentage interest in the joint venture, evaluation of control and whether a VIE exists when determining
if the investment qualifies for consolidation or if it should be accounted for as an unconsolidated investment under the equity method
of accounting. 

If an investment qualifies for the equity method
of accounting, our investment is recorded initially at cost, and subsequently adjusted for equity in net income (loss) and cash contributions
and distributions. The net income or loss of an unconsolidated investment is allocated to its investors in accordance with the provisions
of the operating agreement of the entity. The allocation provisions in these agreements may differ from the ownership interest held by
each investor. Differences, if any, between the carrying amount of our investment in the respective joint venture and our share of the
underlying equity of such unconsolidated entity are amortized over the respective lives of the underlying assets as applicable. These
items are reported as a single line item in the consolidated statements of operations as income or loss from investments in unconsolidated
affiliated entities. 

We review
investments for impairment in value whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of such investment may
not be recoverable. An investment is impaired only if management s estimate of the fair value of the investment is less than
the carrying value of the investment, and such decline in value is deemed to be other than temporary. The ultimate realization of our
investment in partially owned entities is dependent on a number of factors including the performance of that entity and market conditions.
If we determine that a decline in the value of a partially owned entity is other than temporary, we will record an impairment charge. 

Noncontrolling Interests 

Noncontrolling interests represents the noncontrolling
member s share of the equity in certain of the Company s consolidated real estate investments. Income and losses are allocated
to noncontrolling interest holders based generally on their ownership percentage. 

Treatment of Management Compensation
and Expense Reimbursements 

Management of our operations is outsourced to our
Advisor and certain other affiliates of the Sponsor. Fees related to each of these services are accounted for based on the nature of such
service and the relevant accounting literature. Such fees include acquisition fees associated with the purchase of interests in real estate
entities; and asset management fees paid to our Advisor. These fees are expensed or capitalized to the basis of assets acquired or constructed,
as appropriate. 

Income Taxes 

We elected to qualify and be taxed as a REIT commencing
with the taxable year ended December 31, 2016. As a REIT, we generally will not be subject to U.S. federal income tax on our net taxable
income that we distribute currently to our stockholders. To maintain our REIT qualification under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, (the Code ), we must meet a number of organizational and operational requirements, including a requirement that
we annually distribute to our stockholders at least 90 of our REIT taxable income (which does not equal net income, as calculated in
accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States of America GAAP )), determined without regard
to the deduction for dividends paid and excluding any net capital gain. If we fail to remain qualified for taxation as a REIT in any subsequent
year and do not qualify for certain statutory relief provisions, our income for that year will be taxed at the regular corporate rate,
and we may be precluded from qualifying for treatment as a REIT for the four-year period following our failure to qualify as a REIT. Such
an event could materially adversely affect our net income and net cash available for distribution to our stockholders. Additionally, even
if we continue to qualify as a REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes, we may still be subject to some U.S. federal, state and local
taxes on our income and property and to U.S. federal income taxes and excise taxes on our undistributed income, if any. 

18 

To maintain our qualification as a REIT, we engage
in certain activities through taxable REIT subsidiaries TRSs ). As such, we are subject to U.S. federal and state income
and franchise taxes from these activities. 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we had no material
uncertain income tax positions. 

Results of Operations 

Investments 

For
the periods presented, we had ownership interests in the following real estate and real estate-related investments: 

40
East End Ave. Joint Venture 

On March 31, 2017,
we entered into a joint venture agreement with SAYT Master Holdco LLC, an entity majority-owned and controlled by David Lichtenstein,
who also majority owns and controls the Sponsor, and a related party, providing for us to acquire an approximate 33.3 membership interest
in 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture from SAYT Master Holdco LLC for aggregate consideration of 10.3 million. As a result, SAYT Master Holdco
LLC owns an approximate 66.7 membership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture. Commencing on March 31, 2017, we have accounted
for our approximate 33.3 membership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting. 

Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel 

On July 17, 2019,
we, through our then wholly owned subsidiary, Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC, acquired land parcels located at 353-361 Bedford Avenue in
the Williamsburg neighborhood of the borough of Brooklyn in New York City for the development and
construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel . As of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel
was under construction, but subsequently opened on March 7, 2023. 

Williamsburg Moxy
Joint Venture 

On August 5, 2021, we
formed the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture with Lightstone REIT III, pursuant to which Lightstone REIT III acquired 25 of our membership
interest in Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC. As a result, we and Lightstone REIT III have 75 and 25 membership interests, respectively,
in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture. Commencing on August 5, 2021, we have consolidated the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture
and accounted for Lightstone REIT III s 25 membership interest as noncontrolling interests in our consolidated financial statements. 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2022 vs. December 31, 2021 

Interest
income 

Our
interest income was 90,900 and 32,166 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Our interest income was attributable
to our cash and cash equivalents. 

Loss from investment
in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity 

O ur
loss from investment in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity is attributable to our ownership interest in the 40 East End Ave.
Joint Venture. The loss from our investment in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture was 0.3 million and 0.4
million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively . We
account for our investment in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting. 

General
and administrative costs 

General and administrative
costs were was 0.7 million and 0.8 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

Interest
expense, net 

Interest expense, net
is attributable to the outstanding principal advances of 12.6 million included in Subordinated Advances Related Party, and was
 186,954 for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . Additionally, during the
 years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 6.6 million and 1.7 million of int erest was capitalized
to construction in progress during the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

19 

Pre-opening costs 

In preparation for the
opening of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel, which opened on March 7, 2023, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture incurred pre-opening
costs of 1.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022 . No pre-opening costs were
incurred during the 2021 period. 

Noncontrolling interests 

The net earnings allocated to noncontrolling interests
relates to Lightstone REIT III s 25 membership interest in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture commencing on August 5, 2021. 

Financial Condition, Liquidity and Capital
Resources 

Overview: 

As of December
31, 2022 , we had cash and cash equivalents of 8.3 million. We currently believe that our available cash on hand plus cash flow
generated from the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel, which opened on March 7, 2023, will be sufficient to satisfy our expected cash requirements
for at least twelve months from the date of filing this report, which primarily consist of our anticipated operating expenses, scheduled
debt service, and any necessary capital contributions for our investment in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity and distributions
to our shareholders, if any, required to maintain our qualification as a REIT for the foreseeable future. The remaining costs associated
with the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel are expected to be primarily funded from the availability under the
related construction financing. See Williamsburg Moxy Hotel for additional information. 

We intend to limit our aggregate long-term
permanent borrowings to 75 of the aggregate fair market value of all properties unless any excess borrowing is approved by a majority
of the independent directors and is disclosed to our stockholders. Market conditions will dictate our overall leverage limit; as such
our aggregate long-term permanent borrowings may be less than 75 of aggregate fair market value of all properties. We may also incur
short-term indebtedness, having a maturity of two years or less. 

Our charter provides that the aggregate
amount of our borrowing, both secured and unsecured, may not exceed 300 of net assets in the absence of a justification showing that
a higher level is appropriate, the approval of our Board of Directors and disclosure to stockholders. Net assets means our total assets,
other than intangibles, at cost before deducting depreciation or other non-cash reserves less our total liabilities, calculated at least
quarterly on a basis consistently applied. Any excess in borrowing over such 300 of net assets level must be approved by a majority of
our independent directors and disclosed to our stockholders in our next quarterly report to stockholders, along with justification for
such excess. Market conditions will dictate our overall leverage limit; as such our aggregate borrowings may be less than 300 of net
assets. 

Our future borrowings may consist of single-property
mortgages as well as mortgages cross-collateralized by a pool of properties. Such mortgages may be put in place either at the time we
acquire a property or subsequent to our purchasing a property for cash. In addition, we may acquire properties that are subject to existing
indebtedness where we choose to assume the existing mortgages. Generally, though not exclusively, we intend to seek to encumber our properties
with non-recourse debt. This means that a lender s rights on default will generally be limited to foreclosing on the property. However,
we may, at our discretion, secure recourse financing or provide a guarantee to lenders if we believe this may result in more favorable
terms. When we give a guaranty for a property owning entity, we will be responsible to the lender for the satisfaction of the indebtedness
if it is not paid by the property owning entity. 

In general the type of future financing
executed by us to a large extent will be dictated by the nature of the investment and current market conditions. For long-term real estate
investments, it is our intent to finance future acquisitions using long-term fixed rate debt. However there may be certain types of investments
and market circumstances which may result in variable rate debt being the more appropriate choice of financing. To the extent floating
rate debt is used to finance the purchase of real estate, management will evaluate a number of protections against significant increases
in interest rates, including the purchase of interest rate cap instruments. 

20 

We may also obtain lines of credit to
be used to acquire real estate and/or real estate related investments. If obtained, these lines of credit will be at prevailing market
terms and will be repaid from the sale or refinancing of real estate and/or real estate related investments, working capital and/or permanent
financing. The Sponsor and/or its affiliates may guarantee our lines of credit although they are not obligated to do so. We expect that
such properties may be purchased by the Sponsor s affiliates on our behalf, in our name, in order to minimize the imposition of
a transfer tax upon a transfer of such properties to us. 

We have agreements with the Advisor to
pay certain fees, in exchange for services performed by the Advisor and/or its affiliated entities. As of December
31, 2021 , we owed the Advisor and its affiliated entities 0.3 million, which is included in accounts
payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Additionally,
as of December 31, 2022 the Advisor and its affiliates owed us 3,961, which is included in restricted
cash and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

The advisory agreement has a one-year term
and is renewable for an unlimited number of successive one-year periods upon the mutual consent of our Advisor and our independent directors.
Payments to our Advisor or its affiliates may include asset acquisition fees and the reimbursement of acquisition-related expenses, development
fees and the reimbursement of development-related costs, financing coordination fees, asset management fees or asset management participation,
and construction management fees. We may also reimburse our Advisor and its affiliates for actual expenses it incurs for administrative
and other services provided for us. Upon the liquidation of our assets, we may pay our Advisor or its affiliates a disposition commission. 

Development
fees and the reimbursement of development-related costs attributable to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel which are paid to the Advisor and
its affiliates are capitalized and included in the carrying value of the investment in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel, which is classified
as construction in progress on the consolidated balance sheets. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 ,
development fees and reimbursed development-related costs totaling 1.8 million and 1.7 million, respectively, were incurred.

Summary of
Cash Flows 

The following summary discussion of our
cash flows is based on the statements of cash flows and is not meant to be an all-inclusive discussion of the changes in our cash flows
for the periods presented below: 

Year Ended 
 December 31, 
2022 
 Year Ended 
 December 31, 
2021 

Net cash flows used in operating activities 
 (2,721,514 
 (720,925 
 
 Net cash flows used in investing activities 
 (44,890,991 
 (23,996,691 
 
 Net cash flows provided by financing activities 
 44,919,980 
 5,423,909 
 
 Net change in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 
 (2,692,525 
 (19,293,707 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of the year 
 12,197,119 
 31,490,826 
 
 Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of the year 
 9,504,594 
 12,197,119 

Operating activities 

The net cash used in operating activities of 2.7
million during the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted of our net loss of 2.6 million and the
net change in assets and liabilities of 0.4 million less the noncash effect of our loss from our investment in unconsolidated affiliated
real estate entity of 0.3 million. 

Investing activities 

The cash used in investing activities
during the year ended December 31, 2022 of 44.9 million consisted of 42.4 million of development
and construction costs associated with the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel and capital contributions of 2.5 million made to the 40 East End Ave.
Joint Venture. 

Financing activities 

The cash provided by financing activities
during the year ended December 31, 2022 of 44.9 million consisted of proceeds from the construction
financing for the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel of 45.4 million, net capital contributions made by Lightstone REIT III to the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture of 0.2 million and redemptions and cancellation of shares of common stock of 0.7 million. 

21 

Williamsburg Moxy Hotel 

On July 17, 2019,
we, through our then wholly owned subsidiary, Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC, acquired land parcels located at 353-361 Bedford Avenue in
the Williamsburg neighborhood of the borough of Brooklyn in New York City, from unaffiliated third parties for an aggregate purchase price
of 30.4 million, excluding closing and other acquisition related costs, for the development and construction of Williamsburg Moxy Hotel.
As of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel was under construction, but subsequently opened on March 7, 2023. 

Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture 

On August 5, 2021, we
formed the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture with Lightstone REIT III, pursuant to which Lightstone REIT III acquired 25 of our membership
interest in Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC for aggregate consideration of 7.9 million. Subsequent to its acquisition, Lightstone REIT III
has made net capital contributions to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture aggregating 4.5 million through December 31, 2022, including
 0.2 million made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As a result, we and Lightstone REIT III have 75 
and 25 membership interests, respectively, in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture. Additionally, we are the managing member of
the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture and Lightstone REIT III has consent rights with respect to all major decisions. 

We determined that the
Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture is a VIE and we are the primary beneficiary. As we are the member most closely associated with the
Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture and therefore have the power to direct the activities of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture
that most significantly impact its performance, we have consolidated the operating results and financial condition of the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture and accounted for the ownership interest of Lightstone REIT III as noncontrolling interests commencing on August
5, 2021. Contributions are allocated in accordance with each investor s ownership percentage. Profit and cash distributions are
allocated in accordance with each investor s ownership percentage. 

On August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel
Joint Venture entered into a development agreement (the Development Agreement with an affiliate of the Advisor (the Williamsburg
Moxy Developer pursuant to which the Williamsburg Moxy Developer is being paid a development fee equal to 3 of hard and soft
costs, as defined in the Development Agreement, incurred in connection with the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel (see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information). Additionally on August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture obtained construction financing for the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel as discussed below. Additionally, the Advisor
and its affiliates are reimbursed for certain development and development-related costs attributable to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

As of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture incurred and capitalized to construction in progress an aggregate of 114.6 million (including cumulative capitalized
interest of 9.8 million) consisting of acquisition and other costs attributable to the development and construction of the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 6.6 million and 1.7 million, respectively, of interest was capitalized
to construction in progress. 

In preparation for the opening of the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel, which opened on March 7, 2023, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture incurred pre-opening costs of 1.5 million during
the year ended December 31, 2022. No pre-opening costs were incurred during 2021 period. Pre-opening costs generally consist of non-recurring
personnel, marketing and other costs. 

An adjacent land owner has questioned the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture s right to develop and construct the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel
without his consent. The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture is currently responding to this concern and we believe it will, in due
course, be recognized that the adjacent owner waived his right to object in 2017 when he signed a waiver, consent and subordination allowing
the future development of our property as it exists today. While this matter is currently pending in the court system, continued
use of the property will ultimately be determined by the government of New York City and we have a number of avenues that we believe are
viable paths to unfettered certificates of occupancy. While any dispute has an element of uncertainty, we currently believe that
the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome with respect to any of the aforementioned proceedings is remote. No provision for loss has been
recorded in connection therewith. See Note 7 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 

22 

Moxy Construction Loan 

On August 5, 2021, the
Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture entered into a recourse construction loan facility for up to 77.0 million (the Moxy Construction
Loan to fund the development, construction and certain pre-opening costs associated with the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. The Moxy
Construction Loan is scheduled to initially mature on February 5, 2024, with two, six-month extension options, subject to the satisfaction
of certain conditions. The Moxy Construction Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 9.00 , subject to a 9.50 floor, with
monthly interest-only payments based on a rate of 7.50 and the excess added to the outstanding loan balance due at maturity. LIBOR
as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 4.39 and 0.10 , respectively. Additionally, the Moxy Construction Loan provides for a
replacement benchmark rate based on SOFR in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR after June 30, 2023. The Moxy Construction Loan is
collateralized by the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

As of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the Moxy Construction Loan was 65.6 million (including 1.7 million of interest capitalized
to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of 2.0 million and 18.6 million (including 0.1 million of interest
capitalized to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of 3.7 million, respectively, on the consolidated balance
sheets and is classified as mortgage payable, net. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining availability under the facility was
up to 11.4 million and its interest rate was 13.39 . 

The Moxy Construction
Loan (outstanding principal balance of 65.6 million as of December 31, 2022) matures on February 5, 2024. The Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture currently intends to seek to extend or refinance the Moxy Construction Loan on or before its maturity date. 

In connection with the
Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture has provided certain completion and carry cost guarantees. Furthermore,
in connection with the Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture paid 3.7 million of loan fees and expenses during
the year ended December 31, 2021 and accrued 0.8 million of loan exit fees which are due at the initial maturity date and are included
in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of both and December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

40 East End Ave. Joint Venture 

On March 31, 2017,
we entered into a joint venture agreement with SAYT Master Holdco LLC, an entity majority-owned and controlled by David Lichtenstein,
who also majority owns and controls the Sponsor, and a related party, providing for us to acquire an approximate 33.3 membership interest
in 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture from SAYT Master Holdco LLL for aggregate consideration of 10.3 million. As a result, SAYT Master Holdco
LLC owns the an approximate 66.7 of the membership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture. 

Our ownership interest
in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture is a non-managing interest. Because we exert significant influence over but do not control the 40
East End Ave. Joint Venture, we account for our ownership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture in accordance with the equity
method of accounting. All contributions to and distributions of earnings from the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture are made on a pro rata
basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions in excess of earnings from the 40 East End Ave.
Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of its operating agreement. We commenced recording our allocated portion of
earnings and cash distributions, if any, from the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture beginning as of March 31, 2017 with respect to our membership
interest of approximately 33.3 in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture. 

Additionally, Lightstone
Value Plus REIT I, Inc.( Lightstone REIT I ), a REIT also sponsored by the Sponsor, made 30.0 million of preferred equity
contributions (the Preferred Contributions to a subsidiary of the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, pursuant to an instrument
that entitles Lightstone REIT I to monthly preferred distributions at a rate of 12 per annum. No distributions may be paid to the members
until the Preferred Contributions are redeemed in full. In December 2019 and February 2020, the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture redeemed
an aggregate 13.0 million and 11.0 million of Preferred Contributions, respectively, reducing Lightstone REIT I s Preferred Contributions
to 6.0 million, which remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

The 40 East End Ave.
Joint Venture, through affiliates, developed and constructed the 40 East End Project, a luxury residential 29-unit condominium project
located at the corner of 81 st Street and East End Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan in New York
City, which received its final TCO in March 2020. Through December 31, 2022, 21 of the 29 units in the 40 East Project have been sold
and the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture owns the remaining eight unsold units. 

On December 19, 2019,
the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture obtained financing (the Condo Loan from a financial institution of 95.2 million, of
which 90.2 million was initially funded at closing and the remaining 5.0 million was subsequently advanced in April 2020. The Condo
Loan, which was initially scheduled to mature on December 19, 2021, bore interest at LIBOR plus 2.45 , which was payable monthly, and
required principal payments to be made at certain prescribed amounts from proceeds from the sales of condominium units with any remaining
outstanding balance due in full at maturity. 

On December 30, 2021,
the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture and the financial institution amended the Condo Loan providing for an extension of the maturity date
to December 20, 2022 and revisions to the timing and amounts of required principal payments to be made from proceeds from the sale of
condominium units, all of which were met. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture repaid the Condo
Loan in full. 

23 

Subsequent to our acquisition
through December 31, 2022, we have made an aggregate of 8.4 million of capital contributions to the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, of
which 2.5 million were made during the year ended December 31, 2022, including 2.0 million in the fourth quarter of 2022 to fund our
proportionate share for the repayment in full of the Condo Loan . 

Share Repurchase Program 

Our share repurchase program (the
 SRP may provide our stockholders with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell their Common Shares back
to us, subject to restrictions. 

On March 25, 2020, the Board of Directors amended
the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension of all redemptions. 

Effective May 10, 2021, our Board of Directors
reopened the SRP only for redemptions submitted in connection with either a stockholder s death or hardship and set the price for
all such purchases at our estimated net asset value per share, as determined by the Board of Directors and reported by the Company from
time to time, on the date of redemption. Additionally, beginning on January 1, 2022, any requests for redemptions in connection with a
stockholder s death must be submitted and received by us within one year of the stockholder s date of death for consideration. 

Our Board of Directors has established that on
an annual basis we will not redeem in excess of 0.5 of the number of shares outstanding as of the end of the preceding year for
either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Redemption requests are expected to be processed on a quarterly basis and may be subject
to pro ration if either type of redemption requests exceed the annual limitation. For 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased
79,324 Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 8.55 per share. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we repurchased 59,745
Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of 8.50 per share. 

Distributions 

The Board of Directors commenced declaring and
we began paying distributions on our Common Shares at the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.80 per share, or an annualized
rate of 8.0 assuming a purchase price of 10.00 per share, beginning with the period from June 22, 2015 through November 30, 2015 and
monthly thereafter beginning with the month ending December 31, 2015 through the month ending June 30, 2019. Beginning with the month
ending July 31, 2019 through the month ending March 31, 2020, the Board of Directors decreased the regular monthly distributions on our
Common Shares to the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution of 0.40 per share, or an annualized rate of 4.0 assuming a purchase
price of 10.00 per share. Distributions were payable to stockholders of record at the close of business on the last day of the month-end.
All distributions were paid on or about the 15th day of the month following the month-end. On March 25, 2020, the Board of Directors determined
to suspend regular monthly distributions. 

2020 Special Distribution 

On December 21, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized
and we declared a special distribution of 0.37 per common share payable to stockholders of record as of December 31, 2020 (the 2020
Special Distribution ). The total 2020 Special Distribution of 3.2 million, which represented a portion of the proceeds generated
from asset sales, was paid on or about January 15, 2021. 

2021 Special
Distribution 

On August 9, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized
and we declared a special distribution of 0.215 per common share payable to stockholders of record as of September 30, 2021 (the 2021
Special Distribution ). The total 2021 Special Distribution of 1.8 million, which represented a portion of the proceeds generated
from asset sales and was paid on or about October 15, 2021. 

No distributions were declared or paid during
the year ended December 31, 2022. Total distributions declared and paid during the year ended December 31, 2021 were 1.8 million and
 5.0 million, respectively. 

Future distributions, if any, declared will be
at the discretion of the Board of Directors based on their analysis of our performance over the previous periods and expectations of performance
for future periods. The Board of Directors will consider various factors in its determination, including but not limited to, the sources
and availability of capital, operating and interest expenses, our ability to refinance near-term debt, as well as the IRS s annual
distribution requirement that REITs distribute no less than 90 of their taxable income. We cannot assure that any future distributions
will be made or that we will maintain any particular level of distributions that we have previously established or may establish. 

New Accounting Pronouncements 

See Note 2 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial
Statements for further information concerning accounting standards that we have not yet been required to adopt and may be applicable to
our future operations. 

24 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Lightstone
Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

 (a
Maryland corporation) 

Index 

Page 

Report
 of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 F-2 

Consolidated
 Financial Statements: 

Consolidated
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-4 

Consolidated
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-5 

Consolidated
 Statements of Stockholders Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-6 

Consolidated
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 F-7 

Notes
 to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 F-8 

F- 1 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of 

 Lightstone
Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. and Subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for
each of the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion,
the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the consolidated financial position of the Company as of December
31, 2022 and 2021, and the consolidated results of their operations and their cash flows for each of the years then ended, in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits,
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Investment
Property and Investment in Unconsolidated Affiliated Real Estate Entity Impairment Evaluation 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Company had investment property (construction in progress) of 114.6 million and an investment in unconsolidated
affiliated real estate entity of 12.9 million. As more fully described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company evaluates
the recoverability of investment property at the lowest identifiable level, the individual property level, and the recoverability of
the investment in unconsolidated real estate entity for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying
amount of the investment property or the investment in unconsolidated real estate entity may not be recoverable. The Company utilizes
judgment to determine if the severity of any single indicator, or the fact that there are a number of indicators of less severity that
when combined, would result in an indication that the individual property may not be recoverable. The Company considers relevant facts
and circumstances which may include the significant underperformance of an investment property relative to historical or projected future
operating results as well as significant negative industry or economic trends. When such events or changes in circumstances are present,
the Company assesses potential impairment by comparing estimated undiscounted future operating cash flows expected to be generated over
the holding period of the investment property and from its eventual disposition to the carrying amount. The estimates include significant
assumptions such as future operating income, market and other applicable trends and residual value, as well as the effects of demand,
competition, and recent sales data for comparable properties. An investment property is impaired only if management s estimate
of the fair value of the investment property is less than the carrying value and not recoverable. The ultimate realization of the Company s
investment in the unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity is dependent on a number of factors including the performance of that
entity and market conditions. If the Company determines that a decline in the value of the investment in unconsolidated affiliated real
estate entity is other than temporary, it will record an impairment charge. 

F- 2 

We
identified the impairment evaluation as a critical audit matter due to significant judgment by management in identifying indicators of
impairment and in determining the estimated recoverability of the investment property and the investment in unconsolidated affiliated
real estate entity. This in turn led to a high degree of auditor judgment, subjectivity, and audit effort in performing procedures to
evaluate the reasonableness of management s significant estimates and assumptions related to the impairment evaluation including identifying
events and circumstances that exist that would indicate the carrying amount of the investment property and the investment in unconsolidated
affiliated real estate entity may not be recoverable, as well as future operating income, holding period, residual values, entity performance
and market conditions. 

Addressing
the matter involved performing procedures and evaluating audit evidence, in connection with forming our overall opinion on the financial
statements. We obtained an understanding and evaluated the design of controls over the Company s impairment evaluation. Our procedures
included, among others, assessing the methodologies applied and identifying the existence of any triggering events. We assessed the development
stage of the hotel project and its related progression to completion in comparing the overall cost basis to the potential developed value.
For the investment in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity, we considered the number of condo sales made during the year, while
taking into account the current market and the individual unit sales margins. We also evaluated the forecast prepared by management to
consider if the determination was reasonable considering the past and current performance of the investments and if consistent with evidence
obtained in other areas of the audit. We tested the completeness and accuracy of the underlying data used by management in its evaluations.
We held discussions with management about the current status of both the development project and the equity method investment to understand
how management s significant estimates and assumptions are developed considering potential future market conditions. In addition,
we evaluated the mathematical accuracy of the calculations included in the Company s evaluation. 

/s/
EisnerAmper LLP 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2014. 

Iselin,

March
29, 2023 

F- 3 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT IV INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Assets 

Investment property: 

Construction in progress 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash and other assets 

Total Assets 

Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

Mortgage payable, net 

Accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Subordinated advances - related party 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Stockholders Equity: 

Company s Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; million shares authorized, issued and outstanding 
 - 
 - 
 
 Common stock, par value; million shares authorized, million and million shares issued and outstanding, respectively 

Additional paid-in-capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Company s Stockholders Equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 4 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT IV INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Loss: 

Interest income 

Loss from investment in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity 

Total loss 

Expenses: 

General and administrative costs 

Interest expense, net 

Pre-opening costs 
 
 - 

Total expenses 

Net loss 

Less: net loss attributable to noncontrolling interests 

Net loss attributable to Company s common shares 

Net loss per common share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT IV INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Common 
 Additional 
Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Noncontrolling 
 Total 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Interests 
 Equity 

BALANCE, December 31, 2020 

- 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Distributions declared (a) 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 - 

Contributions of noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Redemption and cancellation of shares 

- 
 - 

BALANCE, December 31, 2021 

(a) Dividends per share were 0.215. 

Net loss 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Contributions of noncontrolling interests 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Redemption and cancellation of shares 

- 
 - 

BALANCE, December 31, 2022 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT IV INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 CONSOLIDATED
STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the 
 Year Ended 
December 31, 
 2022 
 For the 
 Year Ended December 31, 
 2021 

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES: 

Net loss 

Adjustments to
 reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Loss from investment in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity 

Changes in assets and liabilities: 

Increase in other assets 

Increase in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities 

Increase in accrued interest on subordinated advances - related party 

Net cash used in operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES: 

Purchase of investment property 

Investment in unconsolidated affiliated real estate entity 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES: 

Proceeds from mortgage financing 

Mortgage payments 
 - 

Payment of loan fees and expenses 
 - 

Contributions of noncontrolling interests 

Redemption and cancellation of common stock 

Distributions paid to noncontrolling interests 
 
 - 
 
 Distributions paid to Company s common stockholders 
 - 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net change in cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents and restricted cash, end of year 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Non-cash purchase of investment property 

Unpaid interest accrued and capitalized as mortgage payable and construction in progress 

Amortization of deferred financing costs included in construction in progress 

Accrued exit fee 
 - 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT IV, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

 NOTES
TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

 (Dollar
amounts in thousands, except per share/unit data and where indicated in millions) 

, which elected to
qualify as a real estate investment trust REIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes beginning with the
taxable year ended December 31, 2016. 

Lightstone
REIT IV , together with its subsidiaries is collectively referred to
as the Company and the use of we, our, us 
or similar pronouns refers to Lightstone REIT IV or the Company as required by the context in which
any such pronoun is used. 

The
Company has and may continue to seek opportunities to invest in real estate and real estate-related investments. The Company s
real estate investments may include operating properties and development projects and its real estate-related investment may include
mezzanine loans, mortgage loans, bridge loans and preferred equity interests, with a focus on development-related investments, including
investments intended to finance development or redevelopment opportunities. The Company may also invest in debt and derivative securities
related to real estate assets. A portion of the Company s investments may be secured by or related to properties or entities advised
by, or wholly or partially, directly or indirectly owned by, The Lightstone Group, LLC (the Sponsor ), its affiliates or
other real estate investment programs it sponsors. Although the Company expects that most of its investments will be of these various
types, it may also make other investments. In fact, it
may invest in whatever types of investments that it believes are in its best interests. 

The
Company currently has one operating segment. As of December 31, 2022, the Company majority owned and consolidated the operating
results of Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture ), a joint venture in which it has a
 membership interest, and held an unconsolidated approximate membership interest in 40 East End Ave. Pref Member LLC (the
 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture ). The Company accounts for its unconsolidated membership interest in the 40 East End
Ave. Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting. 

The
Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture owns land parcels located at 353-361 Bedford Avenue in the Williamsburg neighborhood of the borough
of Brooklyn in New York City on which it is developing and constructing a 210-room branded hotel (the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel ).
As of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel was under construction, but subsequently opened on March 7, 2023. Lightstone Value
Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT III ), a REIT also sponsored by the Sponsor and a related party, owns the other 
membership interest in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture, which is accounted for as noncontrolling interests in the Company s
consolidated financial statements. 

The
40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, through affiliates, developed and constructed a luxury residential 29-unit condominium project located
at the corner of 81st Street and East End Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City, which received its
final TCO in March 2020. Through December 31, 2022, 21 of the 29 units in the condominium project have been sold and the 40 East End
Ave. Joint Venture owns the remaining unsold units which are referred to as the 40 East End Project. SAYT Master Holdco LLC, an entity
majority-owned and controlled by David Lichtenstein, who also majority owns and controls the Sponsor, and a related party, owns an approximate
 membership into in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture 

The
Company s advisor is Lightstone Real Estate Income LLC (the Advisor ), which is majority owned by David Lichtenstein.
On September 12, 2014, the Advisor contributed for shares of common stock Common Shares ), or 10.00 per
share of the Lightstone REIT IV. Mr. Lichtenstein also is a majority owner of the equity interests of The Lightstone Group, LLC. The
Lightstone Group, LLC served as the Sponsor during the Company s initial public offering (the Offering which terminated
on March 31, 2017. Mr. Lichtenstein also owns Common Shares which were issued on June 15, 2015 for million, or per
share. Subject to the oversight of the Company s board of directors (the Board of Directors and pursuant to the
terms of an advisory agreement, the Advisor has the primary responsibility for making investment decisions on behalf of the Company and
managing its day-to-day operations. Mr. Lichtenstein also acts as the Company s Chairman and Chief Executive Officer. As a result,
he exerts influence over but does not control Lightstone REIT IV. 

The
Company does not have any employees. The Advisor receives compensation and fees for services related to the investment and management
of the Company s assets. The Advisor has certain affiliates which may manage the properties the Company acquires. However, the
Company may also contract with other unaffiliated third-party property managers. 

The
Company s stock is not currently listed on a national securities exchange. The Company may seek to list its stock for trading on
a national securities exchange only if a majority of its independent directors believe listing would be in the best interest of its stockholders.
The Company does not intend to list its shares at this time. The Company does not anticipate that there would be any market for its shares
of common stock until they are listed for trading. 

On
December 16, 2021, the Company s stockholders approved an amendment and restatement to the Company s charter pursuant
to which the Company is no longer required to either
(a) amend its charter to extend the deadline to begin the process of achieving a liquidity event, or (b) hold a stockholders meeting
to vote on a proposal for an orderly liquidation of its portfolio. 

Noncontrolling
Interests in Consolidated Subsidiaries 

Noncontrolling
interests in consolidated subsidiaries represents Lightstone REIT III s share of the equity in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel
Joint Venture. Income and losses attributable to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture are allocated to the noncontrolling interest
holder based on its ownership percentage. See Note 3 for additional information. 

The
following is a summary of the Company s cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash total as presented in our statements of cash
flows for the periods presented: 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

material uncertain income tax positions. 

million, excluding closing and other acquisition related costs, for
the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. As of December 31, 2022 ,
the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel was under construction, but subsequently opened on March 7, 2023. 

Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture 

On
August 5, 2021, the Company formed the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture with Lightstone REIT III, pursuant to which Lightstone REIT
III acquired of the Company s membership interest in Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC for aggregate consideration of million.
Subsequent to its acquisition, Lightstone REIT III has made net capital contributions to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture aggregating
 million through December 31, 2022, including 0.2 million made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As
a result, the Company and Lightstone REIT III have and membership interests, respectively, in the Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture. Additionally, the Company is the managing member of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture and Lightstone REIT
III has consent rights with respect to all major decisions. 

The
Company has determined that the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture is a VIE and the Company is the primary beneficiary. As the Company
is the member most closely associated with the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture and therefore has the power to direct the activities
of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture that most significantly impact its performance, the Company has consolidated the operating
results and financial condition of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture and accounted for the ownership interest of Lightstone REIT
III as noncontrolling interests commencing on August 5, 2021. Contributions are allocated in accordance with each investor s ownership
percentage. Earnings and cash distributions are allocated in accordance with each investor s ownership percentage. 

On
August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture entered into a development agreement (the Development Agreement with an affiliate of the Advisor (the Williamsburg Moxy Developer pursuant to which the Williamsburg Moxy Developer is
being paid a development fee equal to 3 of hard and soft costs, as defined in the Development Agreement, incurred in connection with
the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel (see Note 6 for additional information). Additionally on August 5, 2021,
the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture obtained construction financing for the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel as discussed below. Additionally,
the Advisor and its affiliates are reimbursed for certain development-related costs attributable to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture incurred and capitalized to construction in progress an aggregate of
 million (including cumulative capitalized interest of 9.8 million) consisting of acquisition and other costs attributable to
the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, million and
 million, respectively, of interest was capitalized to construction in progress. 

In
preparation for the opening of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel, which opened on March 7, 2023, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture
incurred pre-opening costs of million during the year ended December 31, 2022. pre-opening costs were incurred during 2021 period.
Pre-opening costs generally consist of non-recurring personnel, marketing and other costs. 

An
adjacent land owner has questioned the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture s right to develop
and construct the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel without his consent. The Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture is currently responding
to this concern and management believes it will, in due course, be recognized that the adjacent owner waived his right to object in 2017
when he signed a waiver, consent and subordination allowing the future development of our property as it exists today. While this
matter is currently pending in the court system, continued use of the property will ultimately be determined by the government of New
York City and management has a number of avenues that it believes are viable paths to unfettered certificates of occupancy. While
any dispute has an element of uncertainty, management currently believes that the likelihood of an unfavorable outcome with respect to
any of the aforementioned proceedings is remote. No provision for loss has been recorded in connection therewith. See Note 7 for additional
information. 

Moxy
Construction Loan 

On
August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture entered into a recourse construction loan facility for up to million
(the Moxy Construction Loan to fund the development, construction and certain pre-opening costs associated with the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel. The Moxy Construction Loan is scheduled to initially mature on February 5, 2024, with two, six-month extension options, subject
to the satisfaction of certain conditions. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the Moxy Construction Loan was million (including 1.7 million
of interest capitalized to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of million and million (including
 0.1 million of interest capitalized to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of 3.7 million, respectively, on
the consolidated balance sheets and is classified as mortgage payable, net. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining availability
under the facility was up to 11.4 million and its interest rate was 13.39 . 

The
Moxy Construction Loan (outstanding principal balance of 65.6 million as of December 31, 2022) matures on February 5, 2024. The
Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture currently intends to seek to extend or refinance the Moxy Construction Loan on or before its maturity
date. 

In
connection with the Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture has provided certain completion and carry cost
guarantees. Furthermore, in connection with the Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture paid million
of loan fees and expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021 and accrued million of loan exit fees which are due at the
initial maturity date and are included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets
as of both December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture from SAYT Master Holdco LLC for aggregate consideration of million. As a result, SAYT
Master Holdco LLC owns an approximate of the membership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture. 

The
Company s ownership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture is a non-managing interest. Because the Company exerts significant
influence over but does not control the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, it accounts for its ownership interest in the 40 East End Ave.
Joint Venture in accordance with the equity method of accounting. All contributions to and distributions of earnings from the 40 East
End Ave. Joint Venture are made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions
in excess of earnings from the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of its operating agreement.
The Company commenced recording its allocated portion of earnings and cash distributions, if any, from the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture
beginning as of March 31, 2017 with respect to its membership interest of approximately in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture. 

Additionally,
Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. Lightstone REIT I ), a REIT also sponsored by the Sponsor, made million of
preferred equity contributions (the Preferred Contributions to a subsidiary of the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, pursuant
to an instrument that entitles Lightstone REIT I to monthly preferred distributions at a rate of per annum. No distributions
may be paid to the members until the Preferred Contributions are redeemed in full. In December 2019 and February 2020, the 40 East End
Ave. Joint Venture redeemed an aggregate million and million of Preferred Contributions, respectively, reducing Lightstone
REIT I s Preferred Contributions to million, which remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

The
40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, through affiliates, developed and constructed the 40 East End Project, a luxury residential 29-unit condominium
project located at the corner of 81st Street and East End Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan in New York City, which
received its final TCO in March 2020. Through December 31, 2022, 21 of the 29 units in the 40 East End Project have been sold and the
40 East End Ave. Joint Venture owns the remaining eight unsold units. 

On
December 19, 2019, the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture obtained financing (the Condo Loan from a financial institution
of million, of which million was initially funded at closing and the remaining million was subsequently
advanced in April 2020. The Condo Loan, which was previously scheduled to mature on , bore interest at , which was payable monthly, and required principal payments to be made at certain prescribed amounts from proceeds from the
sales of condominium units with any remaining outstanding balance due in full at maturity. 

On
December 30, 2021, the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture and the financial institution amended the Condo Loan providing for an extension
of the maturity date to December 20, 2022 and revisions to the timing and amounts of required principal payments to be made from proceeds
from the sale of condominium units, all of which were met. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture repaid
the Condo Loan in full. 

Subsequent
to the Company s acquisition through December 31, 2022, it has made an aggregate of million of capital contributions
to the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, of which million were made during the year ended December 31, 2022, including 2.0 million
in the fourth quarter of 2022 to fund its proportionate share for the repayment in full of the Condo
Loan . 

The
40 East End Ave. Joint Venture Financial Information 

The
following table represents the condensed income statements for the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture: 

Cost of goods sold 

Other expenses 

Impairment of real estate inventory 

Operating income 

Interest expense and other, net 

Net loss 

Company s share of net loss (33.3 

The
following table represents the condensed balance sheets for the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture: 

As of 
 As of 
 
 (amounts in thousands) 
 December 31, 
 2022 
 December 31, 
 2021 

Real estate inventory 

Cash and restricted cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Mortgage payable, net 
 - 

Other liabilities 

Members capital 

Total liabilities and members capital 

shares of preferred stock. Prior to the issuance of shares of each class or series, the board of directors
will be required by Maryland law and by the charter to set, subject to the charter restrictions on ownership and transfer of stock, the
terms, preferences, conversion or other rights, voting powers, restrictions, limitations as to dividends or other distributions, qualifications
and terms and conditions of redemption of each class or series of preferred stock so issued, which may be more beneficial than the rights,
preferences and privileges attributable to Common Shares. The issuance of preferred stock could have the effect of delaying, deferring
or preventing a change in control of the Company. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had not issued any shares of preferred stock. 

Common
Shares 

On
February 11, 2015, the Company amended and restated its charter to authorize the issuance of Common Shares. Under the charter,
the Company will not be able to make certain material changes to its business form or operations without the approval of stockholders
holding at least a majority of the Common Shares entitled to vote on the matter. 

Subject
to the restrictions on ownership and transfer of stock contained in the Company s charter and except as may otherwise be specified
in the charter, the holders of Common Shares are entitled to one vote per Common Share on all matters submitted to a stockholder vote,
including the election of the Company s directors. There is no cumulative voting in the election of directors. Therefore, the holders
of a majority of outstanding Common Shares are able to elect the Company s entire Board of Directors. Except as the Company s
charter may provide with respect to any series of preferred stock that the Company may issue in the future, the holders of Common Shares
possess exclusive voting power. 

Holders
of the Company s Common Shares are entitled to receive distributions as authorized from time to time by the Company s Board
of Directors and declared out of legally available funds, subject to any preferential rights of any preferred stock that the Company
issues in the future. In any liquidation, each outstanding Common Share will entitle its holder to share (based on the percentage of
Common Shares held) in the assets that remain after the Company pays its liabilities and any preferential distributions owed to preferred
stockholders. Holders of Common Shares do not have preemptive rights, which means that there is no automatic option to purchase any new
Common Shares that the Company issues, nor do holders of Common Shares have any preference, conversion, exchange, sinking fund or redemption
rights. Holders of Common Shares do not have appraisal rights unless the Board of Directors determines that appraisal rights apply, with
respect to all or any classes or series of stock, to a particular transaction or all transactions occurring after the date of such determination
in connection with which holders of such Common Shares would otherwise be entitled to exercise appraisal rights. Common Shares are nonassessable
by the Company upon its receipt of the consideration for which the Board of Directors authorized their issuance. 

Distributions 

The
Company s Board of Directors commenced declaring and it began paying distributions on its Common Shares at the pro rata equivalent
of an annual distribution of per share, or an annualized rate of assuming a purchase price of per share, beginning
with the period from June 22, 2015 through November 30, 2015 and monthly thereafter beginning with the month ending December 31, 2015
through the month ending June 30, 2019. Beginning with the month ending July 31, 2019 through the month ending March 31, 2020, the Company s
Board of Directors decreased the regular monthly distributions on our Common Shares to the pro rata equivalent of an annual distribution
of per share, or an annualized rate of assuming a purchase price of per share. Distributions were payable to stockholders
of record at the close of business on the last day of the month-end. All distributions were paid on or about the 15th day of the month
following the month-end. On March 25, 2020, the Board of Directors determined to suspend regular monthly distributions. 

2020
Special Distribution 

On
December 21, 2020, the Board of Directors authorized and the Company declared a special distribution of per common share payable
to stockholders of record as of December 31, 2020 (the 2020 Special Distribution ). The total 2020 Special Distribution
of million, which represented a portion of the proceeds generated from asset sales, was paid on or about January 15, 2021. 

2021
 Special Distribution 

On
August 9, 2021, the Board of Directors authorized and the Company declared a special distribution of per common share payable
to stockholders of record as of September 30, 2021 (the 2021 Special Distribution ). The total 2021 Special Distribution
of million, which represented a portion of the proceeds generated from asset sales and was paid on or about October 15, 2021. 

No
distributions were declared or paid during the year ended December 31, 2022. Total distributions declared and paid during the year ended
December 31, 2021 were million and million, respectively. 

Future
distributions, if any, declared will be at the discretion of the Board of Directors based on their analysis of the Company s performance
over the previous periods and expectations of performance for future periods. The Board of Directors will consider various factors in
its determination, including but not limited to, the sources and availability of capital, operating and interest expenses, the Company s
ability to refinance near-term debt, as well as the IRS s annual distribution requirement that REITs distribute no less than 90 
of their taxable income. The Company cannot assure that any future distributions will be made or that it will maintain any particular
level of distributions that it has previously established or may establish. 

Share
Repurchase Program 

The
Company s share repurchase program (the SRP may provide its stockholders
with limited, interim liquidity by enabling them to sell their Common Shares back to the Company, subject to restrictions. 

On
March 25, 2020, the Board of Directors amended the SRP to remove stockholder notice requirements and also approved the suspension of
all redemptions. 

Effective
May 10, 2021, the Board of Directors reopened the SRP only for redemptions submitted in connection with either a stockholder s
death or hardship and set the price for all such purchases at the Company s estimated net asset value per share, as determined
by the Board of Directors and reported by the Company from time to time, as of the date of redemption. Additionally, beginning on January
1, 2022, any requests for redemptions in connection with a stockholder s death must be submitted and received by the Company within
one year of the stockholder s date of death for consideration. 

The
Board of Directors has established that on an annual basis, the Company will not redeem in excess of 0.5 of the number of shares
outstanding as of the end of the preceding year for either death or hardship redemptions, respectively. Redemption requests are expected
to be processed on a quarterly basis and may be subject to pro ration if either type of redemption requests exceed the annual limitation. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of per share.
For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company repurchased Common Shares at a weighted average price per share of per
share. 

Liquidation/Listing
 Stage 

Fees 
 
 Amount 

Disposition
 Fee 
 
 For
substantial assistance in connection with the sale of investments and based on the services provided, as determined by the Company s
independent directors, the Company will pay to the Advisor or any of its affiliates a disposition fee equal to up to 1 of the contractual
sales price of each investment sold. The Company will not pay a disposition fee upon the maturity, prepayment, workout, modification
or extension of a debt instrument unless there is a corresponding fee paid by the borrower, in which case the disposition fee will be
the lesser of: (a) 1 of the principal amount of the debt prior to such transaction; and (b) the amount of the fee paid by the borrower
in connection with such transaction. If the Company takes ownership of a property as a result of a workout or foreclosure of debt, the
Company will pay a disposition fee upon the sale of such property. 

Annual
 Subordinated Performance Fee 
 
 The
Company will pay the Advisor an annual subordinated performance fee calculated on the basis of the annual return to holders of Common
Shares, payable annually in arrears. Specifically, in any year in which holders of Common Shares receive payment of an 8 annual cumulative,
pre-tax, non- compounded return on the aggregate capital contributed by them, the Advisor will be entitled to 15 of the amount in excess
of the 8 per annum return; provided , that the annual subordinated performance fee will not exceed 10 of the aggregate return
paid to the holders of Common Shares for the applicable year, and provided , further , that the annual subordinated performance
fee will not be paid unless and until holders of Common Shares receive a return of the aggregate capital contributed by them. This fee
will be payable only from net sales proceeds, which results in, or is deemed to result in, the return on the aggregate capital contributed
by holders of Common Shares plus 8 per annum thereon. 

Subordinated
Participation in Net Sales Proceeds (payable only if the Company is not listed on an exchange and the advisory agreement is not terminated
or non-renewed) 
 
 The
Advisor will receive from time to time, when available, including in connection with a merger, consolidation or sale, or other disposition
of all or substantially all the Company s assets, 15 of remaining net sales proceeds (as defined in the Company s
charter) after return of capital contributions plus payment to holders of Common Shares of an 8 annual cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded
return on the aggregate capital contributed by them. 

Subordinated
 Incentive Listing Fee (payable only if the Company is listed on an exchange) 

Upon
 the listing of the Common Shares on a national securities exchange, including a listing in connection with a merger or other business
 combination, the Advisor will receive a fee equal to 15 of the amount by which the sum of the Company s market value (determined
 after listing) plus distributions attributable to net sales proceeds paid to the holders of Common Shares exceeds the sum of the
 aggregate capital contributed by them plus an amount equal to an 8 annual cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded return. 

Development
fees and the reimbursement of development-related costs attributable to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel which are paid to the Advisor and
its affiliates are capitalized and included in the carrying value of the investment in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel, which is classified
as construction in progress on the consolidated balance sheets. During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , development fees and reimbursed development-related costs totaling
 1.8 million and 1.7 million, respectively, were incurred. See Note 3 for additional information. 

The
Company has agreements with the Advisor to pay certain fees, in exchange for services performed by the Advisor and/or its affiliated
entities. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company owed the Advisor
and its affiliated entities and million, respectively, which is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other
liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. Additionally, as of December
31, 2022 the Advisor and its affiliates owed the Company , which is included in restricted cash and other assets on the
consolidated balance sheets. 

Subordinated
Advances Related Party 

On
March 18, 2016, the Company entered into a subordinated unsecured loan agreement (the Subordinated Agreement with the
Sponsor pursuant to which the Sponsor made aggregate principal advances of million through March 31, 2017 (the termination
date of the Offering). The outstanding principal advances bear interest at a rate of , but no interest or principal is due
or payable to the Sponsor until holders of the Company s Common Shares have received liquidating distributions equal to their respective
net investments (defined as per Common Share) plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return of on their
respective net investments. 

Distributions
in connection with a liquidation of the Company initially will be made to holders of its Common Shares until holders of its Common Shares
have received liquidation distributions equal to their respective net investments plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return
of on their respective net investments. Thereafter, only if additional liquidating distributions are available, the Company
will be obligated to repay the outstanding principal advances and related accrued interest to the Sponsor, as described in the Subordinated
Agreement. In the event that additional liquidation distributions are available after the Company repays its holders of Common Shares
their respective net investments plus their 8 return on investment and then the outstanding principal advances under the Subordinated
Agreement and accrued interest to the Sponsor, such additional distributions will be paid to holders of its Common Shares and the Sponsor: 
of the aggregate amount will be payable to holders of the Company s Common Shares and the remaining will be payable
to the Sponsor. 

The
principal advances and the related interest are subordinate to all of the Company s obligations as well as to the holders of its
Common Shares in an amount equal to the shareholder s net investment plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return of 
and only potentially payable in the event of a liquidation of the Company. 

In
connection with the termination of the Offering, on March 31, 2017, the Company and the Sponsor simultaneously terminated the Subordinated
Agreement. As a result of the termination, the Sponsor is no longer obligated to make any additional principal advances to the Company.
Interest will continue to accrue on the outstanding principal advances and repayment, if any, of the principal advances and related accrued
interest will be made according to the terms of the Subordinated Agreement disclosed above. 

As
of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, an aggregate of approximately million of principal advances have been funded, which along with
the related accrued interest of million and million, respectively, are classified as Subordinated Advances Related
Party, a liability on the consolidated balance sheets. During
both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued of interest expense on the principal advances. 

F- 19 

PART II.
CONTINUED: 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE: 

None. 

Item 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures. As of December 31, 2022, we conducted an evaluation under the supervision and with the participation
of the Advisor s management, including our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as
defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act, means controls and
other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the Company in the reports it
files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information
required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated
to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, or persons performing similar
functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation, our Chairman and Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of December 31, 2022 that our disclosure controls and procedures were adequate
and effective. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate
internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f). Our internal control
system is a process designed by, or under the supervision of, our Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer and
effected by our Board of Directors, management and other personnel to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. 

Our
internal control over financial reporting includes policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect transactions and disposition of
 assets; 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
 generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with the
 authorization of our management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that
 could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because
of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any
evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Management
assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, they
used the control criteria framework of the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission published in its report entitled Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013) . Based on this evaluation, our management has concluded that our internal control over
financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
annual report does not include an attestation report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal
control over financial reporting. Management s report was not subject to attestation by the Company s independent registered
public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission that permit the Company to provide only management s
report in this annual report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the
quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over
financial reporting. 

25 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION: 

None. 

Item 9C.
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

None. 

PART
III. 

ITEM
10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE OF THE REGISTRANT 

Directors 

The
following table presents certain information as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our directors serving in such capacity: 

Name 
 Age 
 Principal Occupation and Positions Held 
 Year Term of Office Will Expire 
 Served as a Director Since 
 
 David Lichtenstein 
 62 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of
 Directors 
 2023 
 2015 
 
 Steven Spinola 
 74 
 Director 
 2023 
 2015 
 
 Michael J. Demarco 
 63 
 Director 
 2023 
 2021 

David
Lichtenstein is our Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of our board of directors. Mr. Lichtenstein founded both American Shelter
Corporation and The Lightstone Group. From 1988 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and
Chief Executive Officer of The Lightstone Group, directing all aspects of the acquisition, financing and management of a diverse portfolio
of multifamily, lodging, retail and industrial properties located in 20 states and Puerto Rico. From June 2004 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein
has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc. Lightstone
REIT I and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT LLC, its advisor. From April 2008 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein
has served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Offer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II, Inc. Lightstone
REIT II and Lightstone Value Plus REIT II LLC, its advisor. From September 2014 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as
Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT III, Inc. Lightstone REIT III ),
and as Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT II ILLC, its advisor. From October 2014 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein
has served as Chairman of the Board of Directors and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone Enterprises Limited Lightstone Enterprises ).
On August 31, 2021, Mr. Lichtenstein was appointed Chairman Emeritus of the Board of Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT V, Inc. Lightstone REIT V and previously served as the Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone REIT V from September
2017 through August 31, 2021. Additionally, Mr. Lichtenstein is Chairman and Chief Executive Officer of Lightstone REIT V s advisor.
From July 2015 to the present, Mr. Lichtenstein has served as a member of the Board of Directors of the New York City Economic Development
Corporation. Mr. Lichtenstein is also a member of the International Council of Shopping Centers and the National Association of Real
Estate Investment Trusts, Inc., an industry trade group, as well as a member of the Board of Directors of Touro College and New York
Medical College. Mr. Lichtenstein has been selected to serve as a director due to his experience and networking relationships in the
real estate industry, along with his experience in acquiring and financing real estate properties. 

Stephen
Spinola is one of our independent directors and is a member of our audit committee. Since September 2017, Mr. Spinola has served
as a member of the Board of Directors of Lightstone REIT V. Since 1986, Mr. Spinola has been the President of the Real Estate Board of
New York REBNY ), and as of July 1, 2015 serves as President Emeritus. Prior to becoming REBNY s President, Mr. Spinola
served as President of the New York City Public Development Corporation (now known as the New York City Economic Development Corporation).
Mr. Spinola holds a Bachelor of Arts degree from the City College of New York with a concentration in political science and government.
Mr. Spinola has been selected to serve as an independent director due to his extensive experience in the real estate industry. 

26 

Michael J.
DeMarco is one of our independent directors and the Chairman of our Audit Committee. From April 2017 to July 2020, Mr. DeMarco
served as chief executive officer of Mack-Cali Realty Corporation Mack-Cali ). From June 2015 to April 2017,
Mr. DeMarco served as president and chief operating officer of Mack-Cali. From 2013 to June 2015, Mr. DeMarco served as
the chief investment officer of CCRE, a non-bank finance company and one of the largest originators of CMBS. Mr. DeMarco previously
served as an executive vice president at Vornado Realty Trust from 2020 to 2013, as a managing director at Fortress Investment Group
from 2007 to 2020, and as a senior managing director at Lehman Brothers from 1993 to 2007. Mr. DeMarco also held senior positions
at Credit Suisse First Boston and Arthur Andersen LLP. Mr. DeMarco also is a member of the board of trustees of Saint Peter s
Preparatory School, as well as a member of the Urban Land Institute and the International Council of Shopping Centers. Since June 2015,
Mr. DeMarco has served as a member of the board of trustees of Pennsylvania Real Estate Investment Trust, a publicly traded REIT
(NYSE: PEI). He received a Bachelor of Business Administration in accounting with a minor in history from Pace University, as well as
a Master of Business Administration in finance from the University of Chicago. He is a certified public accountant. Mr. DeMarco
has been selected to serve as an independent director due to his extensive experience in the real estate industry and finance. 

Executive
Officers: 

The
following table presents certain information as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our executive officers serving in such capacities: 

Name 
 Age 
 Principal Occupation and Positions Held 
 
 David Lichtenstein 
 62 
 Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 Mitchell Hochberg 
 70 
 President and Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Joseph Teichman 
 49 
 General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 Seth Molod 
 59 
 Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer 

David
Lichtenstein for biographical information about Mr. Lichtenstein, see Management Directors. 

Mitchell
Hochberg is our President and Chief Operating Officer and also serves as President and Chief Operating Officer of Lightstone
REIT I, Lightstone REIT II and Lightstone REIT III and their respective advisors. Mr. Hochberg also serves as the President and Chief
Operating Officer of our sponsor and our advisor. From October 2014 to the present, Mr. Hochberg has served as President of Lightstone
Enterprises. Mr. Hochberg was appointed Chief Executive Officer of Behringer Harvard Opportunity REIT I, Inc. and Lightstone REIT V effective
as of September 28, 2017, and on August 31, 2021, was appointed Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone REIT V. Prior to joining
The Lightstone Group in August 2012, Mr. Hochberg served as principal of Madden Real Estate Ventures from 2007 to August 2012 when it
combined with our sponsor. Mr. Hochberg held the position of President and Chief Operating Officer of Ian Schrager Company, a developer
and manager of innovative luxury hotels and residential projects in the United States from early 2006 to early 2007 and prior to that
Mr. Hochberg founded Spectrum Communities, a developer of luxury neighborhoods in the northeast of the United States, in 1985 where for
20 years he served as its President and Chief Executive Officer. Mr. Hochberg served on the board of directors of Belmond Ltd from
2009 to April 2019. Additionally, through October 2014, Mr. Hochberg served on the board of directors and as Chairman of the board
of directors of Orleans Homebuilders, Inc. Mr. Hochberg received his law degree as a Harlan Fiske Stone Scholar from Columbia University
School of Law and graduated magna cum laude from New York University College of Business and Public Administration with a Bachelor of
Science degree in accounting and finance. 

Joseph
E. Teichman is our General Counsel and Secretary and also serves as General Counsel of Lightstone REIT I, Lightstone REIT II
and Lightstone REIT III and their respective advisors. Mr. Teichman also serves as Executive Vice President and General Counsel of our
sponsor and as General Counsel of our advisor. From October 2014 to the present, Mr. Teichman has served as Secretary and a Director
of Lightstone Enterprises. Prior to joining The Lightstone Group in January 2007, Mr. Teichman practiced law at the law firm of Paul,
Weiss, Rifkind, Wharton Garrison LLP in New York, NY from September 2001 to January 2007. Mr. Teichman earned a J.D. from the University
of Pennsylvania Law School and a B.A. from Beth Medrash Govoha, Lakewood, New Jersey. Mr. Teichman is licensed to practice law in New
York and New Jersey. Mr. Teichman is also a member of the Board of Directors of Yeshiva Orchos Chaim, Lakewood, New Jersey and was appointed
to the Ocean County College Board of Trustees in February 2016. 

27 

Seth
Molod is our Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer and also serves as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of Lightstone
REIT I, Lightstone REIT II, Lightstone REIT III and Lightstone REIT V. Mr. Molod also serves as the Executive Vice President and
Chief Financial Officer of our Sponsor and as the Chief Financial Officer and Treasurer of our Advisor and the advisors of Lightstone
REIT I, Lightstone REIT II, Lightstone REIT III and Lightstone REIT V. Prior to joining the Company in August 2018, Mr. Molod
served as an Audit Partner, Chair of Real Estate Services and on the Executive Committee of Berdon LLP, a full service accounting, tax,
financial and management advisory firm Berdon ). Mr. Molod joined Berdon in 1989. He has extensive experience advising
some of the nation s most prominent real estate owners, developers, managers, and investors in both commercial and residential
projects. Mr. Molod has worked with many privately held real estate companies as well as institutional investors, REITs, and other
public companies. Mr. Molod is a licensed certified public accountant in New Jersey and New York and a member of the American Institute
of Certified Public Accountants. Mr. Molod holds a Bachelor of Business Administration degree in Accounting from Muhlenberg College. 

Section
16 (a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section 16(a)
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires each director, officer and individual beneficially owning more than 10 
of our common stock to file initial statements of beneficial ownership (Form 3) and statements of changes in beneficial ownership
(Forms 4 and 5) of our common stock with the Securities Exchange Commission SEC ). Officers, directors and greater
than 10 beneficial owners are required by Securities and Exchange Commission rules to furnish us with copies of all such forms they
file. Based solely on a review of the copies of such forms furnished to us during and with respect to the fiscal year ended December
31, 2022, or written representations that no additional forms were required, we believe that all of our officers and directors and persons
that beneficially own more than 10 of the outstanding shares of our common stock complied with these filing requirements in 2022. 

Information
Regarding Audit Committee 

Our
Board established an audit committee in September 2014. The charter of audit committee is available at
www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com/sec-filings or in print to any stockholder who requests it c/o Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV Inc.,
1985 Cedar Bridge Avenue, Lakewood, NJ 08701. Our audit committee consists of Steven Spinola and Michael J. DeMarco each of
whom is independent within the meaning of the NYSE listing standards. The Board determined that Mr. DeMarco is
qualified as an audit committee financial expert as defined in Item 401 (h) of Regulation S-K. For more information regarding the
relevant professional experience of Messrs. Spinola and DeMarco see Directors. 

Code
of Conduct and Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics that applies to all of our executive officers and directors, including but not limited to,
our principal executive officer and principal financial officer. Our Code of Conduct and Ethics can be found at www.lightstonecapitalmarkets.com/sec-filings 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

Compensation
of Executive Officers 

Our
officers will not receive any cash compensation from us for their services as our officers. Additionally, our officers are officers of
one or more of our related parties and are compensated by those entities (including our sponsor), in part, for their services rendered
to us. From our inception through December 31, 2022, the Company has not compensated the officers. 

Compensation
of Board of Directors 

We
pay our independent directors an aggregate annual fee of 40,000 (payable in quarterly installments) and are responsible for reimbursement
of their out-of-pocket expenses, as incurred. We also pay our audit committee chair an additional aggregate annual fee of 10,000 (payable
in quarterly installments). 

28 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Executive
Officers: 

The
following table presents certain information as of March 15, 2023 concerning each of our directors and executive officers serving in
such capacities: 

Name and Address of Beneficial Owner 
 Number of Shares of Common Stock of the Lightstone Income Trust Beneficially Owned 
 Percent of All Common Shares of the
 Lightstone Income Trust 
 
 David Lichtenstein (1) 
 242,222 
 2.9 
 
 Steven Spinola 
 - 
 - 
 
 Michael J. DeMarco 
 - 
 - 
 
 Mitchell Hochberg 
 - 
 - 
 
 Seth Molod 
 - 
 - 
 
 Joseph Teichman 
 - 
 - 
 
 Our directors and executive officers as a group (6 persons) 
 242,222 
 2.8 

(1) Includes
 20,000 shares owned by our Advisor and 222,222 shares owned by an entity 100 owned by David
 Lichtenstein. Our Advisor is majority owned and controlled by David Lichtenstein. The beneficial
 owner s business address is 1985 Cedar Bridge Avenue, Lakewood, New Jersey 08701. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 

David
Lichtenstein serves as the Chairman of our Board of Directors and our Chief Executive Officer. Our Advisor is majority owned and controlled
by Mr. Lichtenstein. We have entered into agreements with our Advisor and Property Managers to pay certain fees, as described below,
in exchange for services performed by these and other affiliated entities. As a majority owner of those entities, Mr. Lichtenstein benefits
from fees and other compensation that they receive pursuant to these agreements. 

Advisor 

We
pay our Advisor an acquisition fee equal to 1.0 of the gross contractual purchase price (including any mortgage assumed) of each property
purchased and reimburse our Advisor for expenses that it incurs in connection with the purchase of a property. Acquisition fees and expenses
are capped at 5 of the gross contract purchase price of a property. 

Our
Advisor is paid an advisor asset management fee of one-twelfth (1/12) of 0.75 of our average invested assets and we reimburse some expenses
of the Advisor relating to asset management. 

For
substantial services in connection with the sale of a property, we will pay to our Advisor a commission in an amount equal to the lesser
of (a) one-half of a real estate commission that is reasonable, customary and competitive in light of the size, type and location of
the property and (b) 2.0 of the contract sales price of the property. The commission will not exceed the lesser of 6.0 of the gross
contractual sales price or commission that is reasonable, customary and competitive in light of the size, type and location of the property. 

We
will pay our Advisor an annual subordinated performance fee calculated on the basis of our annual return to holders of our Common Shares,
payable annually in arrears, such that for any year in which holders of our Common Shares receive payment of a 8.0 annual cumulative,
pre-tax, non-compounded return on their respective net investments, our Advisor will be entitled to 15.0 of the amount in excess of
such 8.0 per annum return, provided , that the amount paid to the Advisor will not exceed 10.0 of the aggregate return for such
year, and provided, further, that the annual subordinated performance fee will not be paid unless holders of our Common Shares
receive a return of their respective net investments. 

Development
fees and the reimbursement of development-related costs attributable to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel which are paid to the Advisor and
its affiliates are capitalized and included in the carrying value of the investment in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel, which is classified
as construction in progress on the consolidated balance sheets. During the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , development fees and reimbursed development-related costs totaling
 1.8 million and 1.7 million, respectively, were incurred. 

We
have agreements with the Advisor to pay certain fees, in exchange for services performed by the Advisor and/or its affiliated entities.
As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , we owed the Advisor and its affiliated entities 118,030
and 0.3 million, respectively, which is included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance
sheets. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022 the Advisor and its affiliates owed us 3,961, which
is included in restricted cash and other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. 

29 

Sponsor 

On
March 18, 2016, we entered into a subordinated unsecured loan agreement (the Subordinated Agreement with the Sponsor,
pursuant to which the Sponsor made aggregate principal advances of 12.6 million through March 31, 2017 (the termination date of the
Offering). The outstanding principal advances bear interest at a rate of 1.48 , but no interest or principal is due or payable to the
Sponsor until holders of our Common Shares have received liquidation distributions equal to their respective net investments (defined
as 10.00 per Common Share) plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return of 8.0 on their respective net investments. 

Distributions
in connection with our liquidation will initially be made to holders of our Common Shares until holders of our Common Shares have received
liquidation distributions equal to their respective net investments plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return of 8.0 
on their respective net investments. Thereafter, only if additional liquidating distributions are available, we will be obligated to
repay the outstanding principal advances and related accrued interest to the Sponsor, as described in the Subordinated Agreement. In
the event that additional liquidating distributions are available after we repay the holders of our Common Shares their respective net
investments plus their 8 return on investment and then the outstanding principal advances under the Subordinated Agreement and accrued
interest to the Sponsor, such additional distributions will be paid to holders of our Common Shares and the Sponsor: 85.0 of the aggregate
amount will be payable to holders of our Common Shares and the remaining 15.0 will be payable to the Sponsor. 

The
principal advances and the related interest are subordinate to all of our obligations as well as to the holders of our Common Shares
in an amount equal to the shareholder s net investment plus a cumulative, pre-tax, non-compounded annual return of 8.0 and only
potentially payable in the event of our liquidation. 

In
connection with the termination of the Offering, on March 31, 2017, we and the Sponsor simultaneously terminated the Subordinated Agreement.
As a result of the termination, the Sponsor is no longer obligated to make any additional principal advances to us. Interest will continue
to accrue on the outstanding principal advances and repayment, if any, of the principal advances and related accrued interest will be
made according to the terms of the Subordinated Agreement disclosed above. 

As
of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, an aggregate of approximately 12.6 million of principal advances have been funded, which along with
the related accrued interest of 1,193,587 and 1,006,633, respectively, are classified as Subordinated Advances Related Party,
a liability on the consolidated balance sheets. During both of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company accrued 186,954
of interest expense, on the principal advances. 

Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel 

On
July 17, 2019, we, through our then wholly owned subsidiary, Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC, acquired land parcels located at 353-361
Bedford Avenue in the Williamsburg neighborhood of the borough of Brooklyn in New York City, from unaffiliated third parties for an aggregate
purchase price of 30.4 million, excluding closing and other acquisition related costs, for the development and construction of Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel. As of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel was under construction, but subsequently opened on March 7, 2023. 

Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel Joint Venture 

On
August 5, 2021, we formed the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture with Lightstone REIT III, pursuant to which Lightstone REIT III acquired
25 of our membership interest in Bedford Avenue Holdings LLC for aggregate consideration of 7.9 million. Subsequent to its acquisition,
Lightstone REIT III has made net capital contributions to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture aggregating 4.5 million through
December 31, 2022, including 0.2 million made during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

As
a result, we and Lightstone REIT III have 75 and 25 membership interests, respectively, in the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture.
Additionally, we are the managing member of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture and Lightstone REIT III has consent rights with
respect to all major decisions. 

We
determined that the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture is a VIE and we are the primary beneficiary. As we are the member most closely
associated with the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture and therefore have the power to direct the activities of the Williamsburg Moxy
Hotel Joint Venture that most significantly impact its performance, we have consolidated the operating results and financial condition
of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture and accounted for the ownership interest of Lightstone REIT III as noncontrolling interests
commencing on August 5, 2021. Contributions are allocated in accordance with each investor s ownership percentage. Profit and cash
distributions are allocated in accordance with each investor s ownership percentage. 

30 

On
August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture entered into a development agreement (the Development Agreement with an affiliate of the Advisor (the Williamsburg Moxy Developer pursuant to which the Williamsburg Moxy Developer is
being paid a development fee equal to 3 of hard and soft costs, as defined in the Development Agreement, incurred in connection with
the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel (see Note 6 of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for additional
information). Additionally on August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture obtained construction financing for the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel as discussed below. Additionally, the Advisor and its affiliates are reimbursed for certain development and development-related
costs attributable to the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

As
of December 31, 2022, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture incurred and capitalized to construction in progress an aggregate of
 114.6 million (including cumulative capitalized interest of 9.8 million) consisting of acquisition and other costs attributable to
the development and construction of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, 6.6 million and
 1.7 million, respectively, of interest was capitalized to construction in progress. 

In
preparation for the opening of the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel, which opened on March 7, 2023, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture
incurred pre-opening costs of 1.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. No pre-opening costs were incurred during 2021 period.
Pre-opening costs generally consist of non-recurring personnel, marketing and other costs. 

Moxy
Construction Loan 

On
August 5, 2021, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture entered into a recourse construction loan facility for up to 77.0 million
(the Moxy Construction Loan to fund the development, construction and certain pre-opening costs associated with the Williamsburg
Moxy Hotel. The Moxy Construction Loan is scheduled to initially mature on February 5, 2024, with two, six-month extension options, subject
to the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Moxy Construction Loan bears interest at LIBOR plus 9.00 , subject to a 9.50 floor,
 with monthly interest-only payments based on a rate of 7.50 and the excess added to the
outstanding loan balance due at maturity. LIBOR as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 was 4.39 and 0.10 , respectively. Additionally,
the Moxy Construction Loan provides for a replacement benchmark rate based on SOFR in connection with the phase-out of LIBOR after June
30, 2023. The Moxy Construction Loan is collateralized by the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel. 

As
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the outstanding principal balance of the Moxy Construction Loan was 65.6 million (including 1.7 million
of interest capitalized to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of 2.0 million and 18.6 million (including
 0.1 million of interest capitalized to principal) which is presented, net of deferred financing fees of 3.7 million, respectively, on
the consolidated balance sheets and is classified as mortgage payable, net. As of December 31, 2022, the remaining availability
under the facility was up to 11.4 million and its interest rate was 13.39 . 

The
Moxy Construction Loan (outstanding principal balance of 65.6 million as of December 31, 2022) matures on February 5, 2024. The
Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture currently intends to seek to extend or refinance the Moxy Construction Loan on or before its maturity
date. 

In
connection with the Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture has provided certain completion and carry cost
guarantees. Furthermore, in connection with the Moxy Construction Loan, the Williamsburg Moxy Hotel Joint Venture paid 3.7 million of
loan fees and expenses during the year ended December 31, 2021 and accrued 0.8 million of loan exit fees which are due at the initial
maturity date and are included in accounts payable, accrued expenses and other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of both
and December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

40
East End Ave. Joint Venture 

On
March 31, 2017, we entered into a joint venture agreement with SAYT Master Holdco LLC, an entity majority-owned and controlled by
David Lichtenstein, who also majority owns and controls the Sponsor, and a related party, providing for us to acquire an approximate
33.3 membership interest in 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture from SAYT Master Holdco LLL for aggregate consideration of 10.3 million.
As a result, SAYT Master Holdco LLC owns an approximate 66.7 of the membership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture. 

Our
ownership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture is a non-managing interest. Because we exert significant influence over but
do not control the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, we account for our ownership interest in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture in accordance
with the equity method of accounting. All contributions to and distributions of earnings from the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture are
made on a pro rata basis in proportion to each member s equity interest percentage. Any distributions in excess of earnings from
the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture are made to the members pursuant to the terms of its operating agreement. We commenced recording our
allocated portion of earnings and cash distributions, if any, from the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture beginning as of March 31, 2017
with respect to our membership interest of approximately 33.3 in the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture. 

Additionally,
Lightstone Value Plus REIT I, Inc.( Lightstone REIT I ), a REIT also sponsored by the Sponsor, made 30.0 million of preferred
equity contributions (the Preferred Contributions to a subsidiary of the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, pursuant to an
instrument that entitles Lightstone REIT I to monthly preferred distributions at a rate of 12 per annum. No distributions may be paid
to the members until the Preferred Contributions are redeemed in full. In December 2019 and February 2020, the 40 East End Ave. Joint
Venture redeemed an aggregate 13.0 million and 11.0 million of Preferred Contributions, respectively, reducing Lightstone REIT I s
Preferred Contributions to 6.0 million, which remains outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 

31 

The
40 East End Ave. Joint Venture, through affiliates, developed and constructed the 40 East End Project, a luxury residential 29-unit condominium
project located at the corner of 81 st Street and East End Avenue in the Upper East Side neighborhood of Manhattan in
New York City, which received its final TCO in March 2020. Through December 31, 2022, 21 of the 29 units in the 40 East Project have
been sold and the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture owns the remaining eight unsold units. 

On
December 19, 2019, the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture obtained financing (the Condo Loan from a financial institution
of 95.2 million, of which 90.2 million was initially funded at closing and the remaining 5.0 million was subsequently advanced in
April 2020. The Condo Loan, which was initially scheduled to mature on December 19, 2021, bore interest at LIBOR plus 2.45 , which was
payable monthly, and required principal payments to be made at certain prescribed amounts from proceeds from the sales of condominium
units with any remaining outstanding balance due in full at maturity. 

On
December 30, 2021, the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture and the financial institution amended the Condo Loan providing for an extension
of the maturity date to December 20, 2022 and revisions to the timing and amounts of required principal payments to be made from proceeds
from the sale of condominium units, all of which were met. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the 40 East End Ave. Joint Venture repaid
the Condo Loan in full. 

Subsequent
to our acquisition through December 31, 2022, we have made an aggregate of 8.4 million of capital contributions to the 40 East End Ave.
Joint Venture, of which 2.5 million were made during the year ended December 31, 2022, including 2.0 million in the fourth quarter
of 2022 to fund our proportionate share for the repayment in full of the Condo Loan . 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

Independent
Registered Public Accounting Firm 

Our
independent public accounting firm is EisnerAmper, LLP, Iselin, New Jersey, Auditor Firm ID . 

Audit
and Non-Audit Fees 

The
following table presents the aggregate fees billed to us for the years presented by our principal accounting firm: 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 
 Audit Fees (a) 
 160,650 
 118,000 
 
 Tax Fees (b) 
 48,235 
 62,400 

Total Fees 
 208,885 
 180,400 

(a) 
 Fees
for audit services consisted of the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and interim reviews, including services
normally provided in connection with statutory and regulatory filings and including registration statements and consents. 
 
 (b) 
 Fees
 for tax services. 

In
considering the nature of the services provided by the independent auditor, the audit committee determined that such services are compatible
with the provision of independent audit services. The audit committee discussed these services with the independent auditor and our management
to determine that they are permitted under the rules and regulations concerning auditor independence promulgated by the Securities and
Exchange Commission to implement the related requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as the American Institute of Certified
Public Accountants. 

32 

AUDIT
COMMITTEE REPORT 

To
the Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV Inc.: 

We
have reviewed and discussed with management Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV Inc. s audited financial statements as of and for the
year ended December 31, 2022. 

We
have discussed with the independent auditors the matters required to be discussed by Auditing Standard No. 16, Communication
with Audit Committees, as amended, as adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board. 

We
have received and reviewed the written disclosures and the letter from the independent auditors required by Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board Rule 3526, Communication with Audit Committees Concerning Independence and have discussed with the auditors the auditors 
independence. 

Based
on the reviews and discussions referred to above, we recommend to the board of directors that the financial statements referred to above
be included in Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Audit
Committee 

 Steven
Spinola 

 Michael
J. DeMarco 

33 

INDEPENDENT
DIRECTORS REPORT 

To
the Stockholders of Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV Inc.: 

We
have reviewed the Company s policies and determined that they are in the best interest of the Company s stockholders. Set
forth below is a discussion of the basis for that determination. 

General 

The
Company s strategy is to originate, acquire and manage a diverse portfolio of real estate or real estate-related investments located
primarily in the United States. A substantial portion of its investments currently are related-party investments located in relatively
large metropolitan areas. The Company generally has sought to create a portfolio of investments that either generate or are expected
to generate attractive cash flow for distributions. However, the Company has and still may target capital appreciation from its investments. 

The
Company has not established any limits on the percentage of its portfolio that may be comprised of various categories of assets which
present differing levels of risk. The allocation of the Company s assets under management is dependent, in part, upon the then-current
commercial real estate market, the investment opportunities it presents and available financing, if any, as well as other micro and macro
market conditions. 

The
Company has and may continue to seek opportunities to invest in real estate and real estate-related investments. The Company s
real estate investments may include operating properties and development projects and its real estate-related investments may include
mezzanine loans, mortgage loans, bridge loans and preferred equity interests, with a focus on development-related investments, including
those intended to finance development or redevelopment opportunities. The Company may also invest in debt and derivative securities related
to real estate assets. A portion of the Company s investments may be secured by or related to properties or entities advised by,
or wholly or partially, directly or indirectly, owned by, the Company s sponsor, its affiliates or other real estate investment
programs sponsored by it. Although the Company expects that most of its investments will be of these various types, it may make other
investments. In fact, it may invest in whatever types of investments that it believes are in its best interests. 

The
Company has and may continue to focus its acquisition and origination activity on real estate properties and real estate-related investments
located in the United States, including certain related-party investments generally conducted through joint venture arrangements. The
Company sometimes refers to the foregoing types of investments as its targeted investments. The Company expects to target investments
that generally will offer predictable current cash flow and/or attractive risk-adjusted returns based on the underwriting criteria established
and employed by its advisor, which may include the anticipated leverage point, market and economic conditions, the location and quality
of the underlying collateral and the borrower s exit or refinancing plan. The Company s ability to continue to execute its
investment strategy may be enhanced through access to the sponsor s extensive experience in both financing and developing real
estate projects as well as in buying assets in the open market from third-parties. The Company has and will continue to seek to build
a portfolio that may include some of or all the following investment characteristics: (a) provides current income; (b) is secured by
high-quality commercial real estate; (c) includes subordinate capital investments by strong sponsors that support its investments and
provide downside protection; and (d) possesses strong structural features that maximize repayment potential, such as a clear exit or
refinancing plan by the borrower. 

The
Company has and may also continue to seek to invest in real estate-related loans and debt securities both by directly originating them
and by purchasing them from third-party sellers. Although the Company generally prefers the benefits of direct origination, situations
may arise to purchase real estate-related loans and debt securities, possibly at discounts to par, which compensate for the lack of control
or structural enhancements typically associated with directly structured investments. 

Financing
Policies 

There
is no limitation on the amount the Company may invest or borrow for the purchase or origination of any single property or investment.
The Company s charter allows it to incur leverage up to 300 of its total net assets (as defined in its charter)
as of the date of any borrowing, which is generally expected to be approximately 75 of the cost of its investments. The Company may
only exceed this 300 limit if a majority of its independent directors approves each borrowing in excess of this limit and the Company
discloses such borrowing to its stockholders in its next quarterly report along with a justification for the excess borrowing. In all
events, the Company expects that its secured and unsecured borrowings will be reasonable in relation to the net value of its assets and
will be reviewed by the Company s board of directors at least quarterly. 

34 

The
Company does not currently intend to exceed the leverage limit in its charter. The Company believes that careful use of debt helps the
Company to achieve its diversification goals because the Company may have more funds available for investment. However, high levels of
debt could cause the Company to incur higher interest charges and higher debt service payments, which would decrease the amount of cash
available for distributions, if any, to the Company s investors. 

Policy
on Sale or Disposition of Properties 

The
Company s board of directors will determine whether a particular property should be sold or otherwise disposed of after considering
the relevant factors, including performance or projected performance of the property and market conditions, with a view toward achieving
its principal investment objectives. 

The
Company currently intends to hold each investment it acquires, develops or originates until its investment objectives are met or it is
likely they will not be met. The determination of whether an investment will be sold or otherwise disposed of will be made after consideration
of relevant factors, including prevailing economic conditions, specific real estate market conditions, tax implications for the Company s
stockholders and other factors. The requirements for qualification as a REIT also will put some limits on the Company s ability
to sell investments after short holding periods. However, in accordance with the Company s investment objective of realizing growth
in the value of its investments, the Company may sell a particular investment when, in the judgment of its advisor and its board of directors,
selling the investment is in the Company s best interest. The determination of when a particular investment should be sold or otherwise
disposed of will be made after consideration of relevant factors, including prevailing and projected economic conditions, whether the
value of the investment is anticipated to decline substantially, whether the Company could apply the proceeds from the sale of the investment
to make other investments consistent with its investment objectives, whether disposition of the investment would allow the Company to
increase cash flow, and whether the sale of the investment would constitute a prohibited transaction under the Code or otherwise impact
the Company s status as a REIT. The Company s ability to dispose of an investment during the first few years following its
acquisition is restricted to a substantial extent as a result of its REIT status. Under applicable provisions of the Code regarding prohibited
transactions by REITs, a REIT that sells an asset other than foreclosure property that is deemed to be inventory or property held primarily
for sale in the ordinary course of business is deemed a dealer and subject to a 100 penalty tax on the net income from
any such transaction. As a result, the Company s board of directors will attempt to structure any disposition of the Company s
investments to avoid this penalty tax through reliance on safe harbors available under the Code for assets held at least two years or
through the use of a TRS. 

When
the Company determines to sell a particular investment, it will seek to achieve a selling price that maximizes the capital appreciation
for investors based on then-current market conditions. The Company cannot assure its investors that this objective will be realized. 

Independent
Directors 

 Steven
Spinola 

 Michael J.
DeMarco 

35 

PART
IV. 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES: 

LIGHTSTONE
VALUE PLUS REIT IV INC. 

 Annual
Report on Form 10-K 

 For
the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

The
following exhibits are included, or incorporated by reference, as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K (and are numbered in
accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K): 

EXHIBIT
 NO. 
 
 DESCRIPTION

1.1 (2) 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Dealer Manager Agreement by and between Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV Inc. and Orchard Securities, LLC 
 
 1.2 (4) 
 
 Form
 of Soliciting Dealer Agreement 
 
 3.1 (6) 
 
 Second
 Articles of Amendment and Restatement of Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV Inc. 
 
 3.2 (6) 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Bylaws of Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV Inc. 
 
 4.1 (1) 
 
 Distribution
 Reinvestment Program, included as Appendix C to prospectus 
 
 4.2 (5) 
 
 Description
 of Registrant s Securities 
 
 5.1 (1) 
 
 Opinion
 of Venable LLP re legality 
 
 10.1 (3) 
 
 Advisory
 Agreement, dated as of March 4, 2015, by and between Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV Inc. and Lightstone Real Estate Income
 LLC 
 
 21 
 
 Subsidiaries
 of the Registrant. 
 
 31.1 

Certification
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 

Certification
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a), as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification
 Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 32.2 

Certification
 Pursuant to Rule 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101 
 
 XBRL
 (eXtensible Business Reporting Language).The following financial information from Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV Inc. on Form 10-K
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 filed with the SEC on March 29, 2023, formatted in XBRL includes: (1) Consolidated Balance Sheets,
 (2) Consolidated Statements of Operations, (3) Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity, (4) Consolidated Statements
 of Cash Flows, and (5) the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

As
filed herewith 

(1) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to Amendment No. 2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-11 (Reg. No. 333-200464) filed
 with the SEC on February 12, 2015. 
 
 (2) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on January 12, 2017. 
 
 (3) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 15,
 2016. 
 
 (4) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 28,
 2017. 
 
 (5) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 19,
 2021. 
 
 (6) 
 Previously
 filed as an exhibit to the Current Report on Form 8-K that we filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December
 21, 2021. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

36 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

LIGHTSTONE
 VALUE PLUS REIT IV INC. 

Date: March
 29, 2023 
 By: 
 / s/
 David Lichtenstein 

David
 Lichtenstein 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed by the following persons on behalf
of the registrant in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

NAME 
 
 CAPACITY 
 
 DATE 

/s/
 David Lichtenstein 

Chief
 Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 David
 Lichtenstein 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Seth Molod 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Treasurer 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Seth
 Molod 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Steven Spinola 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Steven
 Spinola 

/s/
 Michael J. DeMarco 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 29, 2023 
 
 Michael J.
 DeMarco 

37 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 lightstonevalue4_ex21-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

EXHIBIT
21.1 

Subsidiaries
of Registrant 

Property Name 
 State Organization 
 
 40 EAST END AVE. PREF MEMBER LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 BEDFORD AVENUE HOLDINGS LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 lightstonevalue4_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

EXHIBIT
31.1 

Certifications 

I,
David Lichtenstein, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
David Lichtenstein 

 David
Lichtenstein 

 Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 lightstonevalue4_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

EXHIBIT
31.2 

Certifications 

I,
Seth Molod, certify that: 

1. 
 I
 have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc.; 

2. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
 to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to
 the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
 respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in
 this report; 

4. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
 (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f), for the registrant and have: 

a) 
 Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
 to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 
 Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 
 Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about
 the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

d) 
 Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
 most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
 control over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The
 registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
 reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
 the equivalent functions): 

a) 
 All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
 reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

b) 
 Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
 internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/
Seth Molod 

 Seth
Molod 

 Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 lightstonevalue4_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

EXHIBIT
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
David Lichtenstein, the Chief Executive Officer and Chairman of the Board of Directors of Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1)
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
David Lichtenstein 

David
Lichtenstein 

 Chairman
and Chief Executive Officer 

 (Principal
Executive Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 lightstonevalue4_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

EXHIBIT
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS
ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE 

 SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I,
Seth Molod, the Chief Financial Officer, Treasurer and Principal Accounting Officer of Lightstone Value Plus REIT IV, Inc. (the Company certify, pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, that: 

(1)
The Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the
requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C 78m); and 

(2)
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

/s/
Seth Molod 

 Seth
Molod 

 Chief
Financial Officer and Treasurer 

 (Principal
Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date:
March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.CAL>
 7
 lrit-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 lrit-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 lrit-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 lrit-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 lrit-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

