<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230314_10-K_edgar_data_778164_0001213900-23-019976.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10505496</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>257509</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1914339</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2561026</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2812826</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2639886</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-019976.hdr.sgml : 20230314
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230314163621
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-019976
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		114
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230314
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230314

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Alto Ingredients, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000778164
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				412170618
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-21467
		FILM NUMBER:		23731548

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 CAPITOL MALL, SUITE 2060
		CITY:			SACRAMENTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95814
		BUSINESS PHONE:		916-403-2123

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		400 CAPITOL MALL, SUITE 2060
		CITY:			SACRAMENTO
		STATE:			CA
		ZIP:			95814

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Pacific Ethanol, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050324

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	ACCESSITY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030627

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DRIVERSSHIELD COM CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20001115

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-019976.txt : 20230314

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_altoingred.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from 
 to 

Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its
charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each Class Trading Symbol Name of Exchange on Which Registered (Nasdaq Capital Market) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.
Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1)
has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405
of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company.
See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section
12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction
of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error
corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s
executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting
common equity held by nonaffiliates of the registrant computed by reference to the closing sale price of such stock, was approximately
 million as of June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter. 

As of March 13, 2023, there were shares
of the registrant s common stock, 0.001 par value per share, and 896 shares of the registrant s non-voting common stock,
 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Part III
incorporates by reference certain information from the registrant s proxy statement (the Proxy Statement for the
2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders to be filed on or before May 1, 2023. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 
 
 Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 14 
 
 Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 22 
 
 Item 2. 
 Properties 
 22 
 
 Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 22 
 
 Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 22 

PART II 
 
 Item 5. 
 Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 23 
 
 Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 25 
 
 Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 26 
 
 Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 
 
 Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 43 
 
 Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 43 
 
 Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 43 
 
 Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 44 
 
 Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspection 
 44 

PART III 
 
 Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 45 
 
 Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 45 
 
 Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 45 
 
 Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 45 
 
 Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 45 

PART IV 
 
 Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 46 
 
 Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 46 
 
 Index to Consolidated Financial
Statements 
 F-1 

ii 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT 

All statements included or incorporated by
reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, other than statements or characterizations of historical fact, are forward-looking
statements. Examples of forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements concerning projected net sales, costs
and expenses and gross margins; projected additional earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization; our ability to
timely and successfully implement our strategic initiatives; our ability to continue as a going concern; our accounting estimates,
assumptions and judgments; the demand for specialty alcohols and essential ingredients; the competitive nature of and anticipated
growth in our industry; production capacity and goals; our ability to consummate acquisitions, if any, and integrate their
operations successfully; and our prospective needs for additional capital. These forward-looking statements are based on our current
expectations, estimates, approximations and projections about our industry and business, management s beliefs, and certain
assumptions made by us, all of which are subject to change. Forward-looking statements can often be identified by words such as
 anticipates, expects, intends, plans, predicts, 
 believes, seeks, estimates, may, will, should, 
 would, could, potential, continue, ongoing, similar
expressions and variations or negatives of these words. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to
risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, our actual results could differ materially and
adversely from those expressed in any forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, some of which are listed under
 Risk Factors in Item 1A of this report. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date of this report. We
undertake no obligation to revise or update publicly any forward-looking statement for any reason, except as otherwise required by
law. 

ii 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Business Overview 

We are a leading producer and distributor of specialty
alcohols and essential ingredients, and the largest producer of specialty alcohols in the United States. 

We operate five alcohol production facilities.
Three of our production facilities are located in Illinois, one is located in Oregon and another is located in Idaho. We have an annual
alcohol production capacity of 350 million gallons, comprised of 210 million gallons of fuel-grade ethanol and up to 140 million gallons
of specialty alcohols. We market and distribute all of the alcohols produced at our facilities as well as fuel-grade ethanol produced
by third parties. In 2022, we marketed and distributed approximately 420 million gallons combined of our own alcohols as well as fuel-grade
ethanol produced by third parties, and over 1.6 million tons of essential ingredients. 

We report our financial and operating performance
in three segments: (1) marketing and distribution, which includes marketing and merchant trading for company-produced alcohols and essential
ingredients on an aggregated basis, and sales of fuel-grade ethanol sourced from third parties, (2) Pekin production, which includes the
production and sale of alcohols and essential ingredients produced at our three production facilities located in Pekin, Illinois, which
we refer to as our Pekin Campus, and (3) Other production, which includes the production and sale of renewable fuel and essential ingredients
produced at all of our other production facilities on an aggregated basis, none of which are individually so significant as to be considered
a separately reportable segment. 

Our mission is to expand our business as a leading
producer and distributor of specialty alcohols and essential ingredients. We intend to accomplish this goal in part by investing in our
specialized and higher value specialty alcohol production and distribution infrastructure, expanding production in high-demand essential
ingredients, expanding and extending the sale of our products into new regional and international markets, building efficiencies and economies
of scale and by capturing a greater portion of the value stream. 

Our wholly-owned subsidiary,
Eagle Alcohol Company LLC, or Eagle Alcohol, specializes in break bulk distribution of specialty alcohols. Eagle Alcohol purchases bulk
alcohol from suppliers and then stores, denatures, packages, and resells alcohol products in smaller sizes, including tank trucks, totes,
and drums, that typically garner a premium price to bulk alcohols. Eagle Alcohol delivers products to customers in the beverage, food,
industrial and related-process industries via its own dedicated trucking fleet and common carrier. 

Production Segments 

We produce specialty alcohols, fuel-grade ethanol
and essential ingredients, focusing on four key markets: Health, Home Beauty ; Food Beverage ; Essential Ingredients ;
and Renewable Fuels . Products for the Health, Home Beauty market include specialty alcohols used in mouthwash, cosmetics,
pharmaceuticals, hand sanitizers, disinfectants and cleaners. Products for the Food Beverage market include grain neutral
spirits used in alcoholic beverages and vinegar as well as corn germ used for corn oils. Products for Essential Ingredients market
include dried yeast, corn gluten meal, corn gluten feed, corn germ, and distillers grains and liquid feed used in commercial animal feed
and pet foods. We also sell yeast for human consumption. Products for the Renewable Fuels market include fuel-grade ethanol and
distillers corn oil used as a feedstock for renewable diesel and biodiesel fuels. Our specialty alcohols for the Food Beverage 
and Health, Home Beauty markets represented approximately 10 and 4 , respectively, of our sales in 2022 from our two production
segments. 

- 1 - 

We produce our alcohols and essential ingredients
at our production facilities described below. Our production facilities located in Illinois are in the heart of the Corn Belt, benefit
from low-cost and abundant feedstock and enjoy logistical advantages that enable us to provide our products to both domestic and international
markets via truck, rail or barge. Our production facilities located in Oregon and Idaho are near their respective fuel and feed customers,
offering significant timing, transportation cost and logistical advantages. 

Our production facilities were operating for
all of 2022. On January 1, 2023, we temporarily hot-idled our Magic Valley production facility due to extreme natural gas prices,
other unfavorable market conditions and to facilitate the installation of our new high protein systems. As market conditions change, we may increase, decrease or idle production at one or more
operating facilities or resume operations at any idled facility. 

Annual Alcohol Production Capacity (estimated, in gallons) 
 
 Production Facility 
 Location 
 Fuel-Grade Ethanol 
 Specialty Alcohol 
 
 Pekin Campus 
 Pekin, IL 
 110,000,000 
 140,000,000 
 
 Magic Valley 
 Burley, ID 
 60,000,000 

Columbia 
 Boardman, OR 
 40,000,000 

Marketing and Distribution Segment 

We market and distribute all of the alcohols and
essential ingredients we produce at our facilities. We also market and distribute alcohol produced by third parties. 

We have extensive and long-standing customer relationships,
both domestic and international, for our specialty alcohols and essential ingredients. These customers include producers and distributors
of ingredients for cosmetics, sanitizers and related products, distilled spirits producers, food products manufacturers, producers of
personal health/consumer health and personal care hygiene products, and global trading firms. 

Our renewable fuel customers are located throughout
the Western and Midwestern United States and consist of integrated oil companies and gasoline marketers who blend fuel-grade ethanol into
gasoline. Our customers depend on us to provide a reliable supply of fuel-grade ethanol and manage the logistics and timing of delivery.
Collectively, our customers require fuel-grade ethanol volumes in excess of the supplies we produce at our facilities. We secure additional
fuel-grade ethanol supplies from third-party ethanol producers. We arrange for transportation, storage and delivery of fuel-grade ethanol
purchased by our customers through our agreements with a variety of third-party service providers in the Western United States as well
as in the Midwest. 

We market our essential ingredient feed products
to dairies and feedlots, in many cases located near our production facilities. These customers use our feed products for livestock as
a substitute for corn and other sources of starch and protein. We sell our corn oil to poultry and biodiesel customers. We do not market
essential ingredients from other producers. 

See Note 5 Segments to our
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report for financial information about our business segments. 

- 2 - 

Company History 

We are a Delaware corporation formed in February
2005. Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol ALTO . Our Internet website address is http://www.altoingredients.com.
Information contained on our website is not part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports
on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K and any amendments to such reports filed with or furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission
and other Securities and Exchange Commission filings are available free of charge through our website as soon as reasonably practicable
after the reports are electronically filed with, or furnished to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

Business Strategy 

Our goal is to expand our business as a leading
producer and distributor of specialty alcohols and essential ingredients. The key elements of our business and growth strategy to achieve
this objective include: 

Focus on our customer relationships. Although we continue to produce more fuel-grade ethanol than specialty alcohols, we have
repositioned our business to focus on expanding the production and sale of specialty alcohols and essential ingredients. As a result,
our business is now more service-oriented and focused on specialty products compared to a price-oriented business focused on commodity
products. We strive to make our business ever more customer-centric to enable our premium services to support premium prices and new differentiated
and higher-margin products. 

Increase our break bulk capabilities. With the addition of Eagle Alcohol, we have further diversified our business to include
break bulk distribution of specialty alcohols. We can now store, denature, package and resell alcohol in smaller sizes, including tank
trucks, totes and drums, that typically garner a premium price to bulk specialty alcohols. We deliver these products to customers in the
 Health, Home Beauty , Food Beverage and related-process industries using our own trucking fleet and common carrier. 

Expand product offerings. We are pursuing initiatives to broaden our product offerings to appeal to a wider range of customers
and uses in our key markets. For example, we have secured ISO 9001, ICH Q7 and EXCiPACT certifications at all of our Pekin Campus production
facilities. These certifications appeal to customers with stringent quality demands and enable us to offer alcohol certified for use as
an active pharmaceutical ingredient, or API, and as an excipient an inactive component of a drug or medication, such as solvents,
carriers or tinctures in the pharmaceutical industry. All ingredients we produce for use in beverages, human and pet foods are third-party
certified for ISO 9001 and hazard analysis and critical control points (HACCP). In addition, all of our alcohols with pharmaceutical end-uses
are ICH Q7, EXCiPACT and ISO 9001 certified, and our animal feed production, including at our Oregon and Idaho facilities, has undergone
third-party Food Safety Modernization Act (FSMA) auditing. We are reviewing additional certifications and product positioning within our
key markets to expand the range of customers we serve and the uses our products support. 

Implement new equipment and technologies. We are evaluating and plan to implement new equipment and technologies to increase
our production yields, improve our operating efficiencies and reliability, reduce our overall carbon footprint, diversify our products
and revenues, and increase our profitability as financial resources and market conditions justify these investments. In February 2023,
we completed Together for Sustainability, or TfS, certification at our Pekin Campus, which is an initiative to raise corporate social
responsibility (CSR) standards in our industry. We are also conducting Scope 1 and 2 greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) third party verification
for all of our production facilities for 2021 and 2022. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial
Condition and Results of Operations Current Initiatives and Outlook. 

Evaluate and pursue strategic opportunities . We are examining opportunities to expand our business such as joint ventures,
strategic partnerships, synergistic acquisitions and other opportunities. We intend to pursue these opportunities as financial resources
and business prospects make these opportunities desirable. 

- 3 - 

Competitive Strengths 

We are the largest producer of specialty alcohols
in the United States. We believe that our competitive strengths include: 

Our customer and supplier relationships . We have extensive and long-standing close customer and supplier relationships, both
domestic and international, for our specialty alcohols and essential ingredients. We have an excellent reputation for developing specialty
alcohols under stringent quality control standards, particularly at our Pekin Campus. Our quality management systems are supported by
ISO 9001, ICH Q7, TfS and EXCiPACT certifications which are viewed by our customers as important attestations of our quality control standards. 

Barriers to entry . Our production facilities use specialized equipment, technologies and processes to achieve stringent quality
controls, higher yields and efficient production of alcohols and essential ingredients. Our specialized equipment, technologies and processes,
together with our quality management certifications, strict regulatory requirements, and close customer and supplier relationships create
significant barriers to entry to new market participants. 

Our experienced management . Our senior management team has a proven track record with significant operational and financial
expertise and many years of experience in the alcohol production industry. Our senior executives have successfully navigated a wide variety
of business and industry-specific challenges and deeply understand the business of successfully producing and marketing specialty alcohols
and essential ingredients. 

The strategic location of our Midwest production facilities . We operate three distinct but integrated production facilities
at our Pekin Campus in the Midwest. We are able to participate from that location in the largest regional specialty alcohol market in
the United States as well as international markets. In addition: 

We believe that our Midwest location enhances our overall hedging opportunities with a greater correlation to the highly-liquid physical
and paper markets in Chicago. 

Our Midwest location provides excellent logistical access via rail, truck and barge. In particular, barge access via the Illinois
River to the Mississippi River enables us to efficiently bring our products to international markets. 

- 4 - 

The relatively unique wet milling process at one of our production facilities at our Pekin Campus allows us to extract the highest
use and value from each component of the corn kernel. As a result, the wet milling process generates a higher level of cost recovery from
corn than that produced at a dry mill. 

Our Midwest location allows us deep market insight and engagement in major specialty alcohol, fuel-grade ethanol, pet food and feed
markets, thereby improving pricing opportunities. 

We believe that these competitive strengths will
help us attain our goal of expanding our business as a leading producer and distributor of specialty alcohols and essential ingredients. 

Overview of Our Key Markets and Market Opportunity 

We produce specialty alcohols, fuel-grade ethanol
and essential ingredients, focusing on four key markets: Health, Home Beauty ; Food Beverage ; Essential Ingredients ;
and Renewable Fuels . 

Health, Home Beauty 

Our products for the health, home and beauty markets
include specialty alcohols used in mouthwash, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals, hand sanitizers, disinfectants and cleaners. We offer a variety
of specialty alcohols for the health, home and beauty markets, depending on usage and regulatory requirements, including API-grade, United
States Pharmacopeia, or USP, -grade ethyl alcohols, and industrial-grade ethyl alcohol. 

In 2020, we expanded our range of available product
offerings within the health, home and beauty markets through quality management systems certifications. We have ISO 9001, ICH Q7 and EXCiPACT
certifications at each of our Pekin Campus production facilities, all of which are viewed as important attestations of quality control
standards. In particular, our ICH Q7 certification qualifies our specialty alcohols for use as an API, and our EXCiPACT certification
qualifies our specialty alcohols for use as an excipient in the pharmaceutical industry. These certifications enable us to offer products
to a wider group of customers and generally at more profitable margins. 

Food Beverage 

Our products for the food and beverage market include
specialty alcohols used in alcoholic beverages, flavor extracts and vinegar as well as corn germ used for corn oils and carbon dioxide,
or CO 2 , used for beverage carbonation and dry ice. The principal specialty alcohol we offer for beverage-grade product is our
grain neutral spirits, or GNS, alcohol. In addition, we primarily sell FCC 190 and USP 190 Ultra into vinegar markets. We are also introducing new high-quality 190 proof and low-moisture 200-proof GNS products to our existing and
target customers in the beverage, food, flavor, personal care and pharmaceutical industries. 

We believe the key drivers in the food and beverage
market include consumer preferences for the social currency of brand authenticity and heritage; consumers seeking unique and personalized
experiences; improved consumer access to spirits products; the growth of craft distillers; and the ability to meet wide-ranging consumer
preferences through a broad diversity of spirits categories and cocktails. 

Essential Ingredients 

Our essential ingredients include dried
yeast, corn gluten meal, corn gluten feed, and distillers grains and liquid feed used in commercial animal feed and pet foods. We
also sell yeast for human consumption. The raw materials for our essential ingredients are generated as co-products from our
production of alcohols. These co-products are further manufactured, altered and refined into our essential ingredients, including
for special customer applications. 

- 5 - 

Many of our essential ingredients are used in a
variety of food products to affect their nutrition, including protein and fat content, as well as other product attributes such as taste,
texture, palatability and stability. Our high quality and high purity manufacturing enable our customers to use some of our essential
ingredients in human foods while others are used in pet foods and animal feed. 

We expect the essential ingredients market to grow
significantly due to global demand for higher-grade protein feed, such as feed used in fisheries and other applications. 

Renewable Fuels 

Our renewable fuels products include fuel-grade
ethanol used as transportation fuel and distillers corn oil used as a biodiesel feedstock. Our renewable fuels business is supported by
our own production of fuel-grade ethanol as well as fuel-grade ethanol produced by third parties. 

Renewable fuels, primarily fuel-grade ethanol,
are used for a variety of purposes, including as octane enhancers for premium gasoline and to enable refiners to produce greater quantities
of lower octane blend stock; for fuel blending to extend fuel supplies and reduce reliance on crude oil and refined products; and to comply
with a variety of governmental programs, in particular, the national Renewable Fuel Standard, or RFS, which was enacted to promote alternatives
to fossil fuels. Under the RFS, the mandated use of all renewable fuels rises incrementally and peaks at 36.0 billion gallons by 2022,
of which 15.0 billion gallons are required from conventional, or corn-based, ethanol. The RFS allows the Environmental Protection Agency,
or EPA, to adjust the annual requirement based on certain facts and circumstances. In 2022, the EPA proposed 15.0 billion gallons from
conventional ethanol for 2023, increasing to 15.25 billion gallons for both 2024 and 2025. See Governmental Regulation . 

According to the Renewable Fuels Association, the
domestic fuel-grade ethanol industry produced 15.4 billion gallons of ethanol in 2022, up from 15.0 billion gallons in 2021. According
to the United States Department of Energy, total annual gasoline consumption in the United States is approximately 134.8 billion gallons
and total annual fuel-grade ethanol consumption represented approximately 11 of this amount in 2021. We anticipate that continued limited
opportunities for gasoline refinery expansions and the growing importance of reducing CO 2 emissions through the use of renewable
fuels will generate additional growth in the demand for fuel-grade ethanol. 

Overview of Alcohol Production Process 

Alcohol production from starch- or sugar-based
feedstock is a highly-efficient process. Modern alcohol production requires large amounts of corn, or other high-starch grains, and water
as well as chemicals, enzymes and yeast, in addition to natural gas and electricity. 

Dry Milling Process 

In the dry milling process, corn or other high-starch
grain is first ground into flour, then slurried with water to form a mash. Enzymes are added to the mash to convert the starch into dextrose,
a simple sugar. The mash is processed through a high temperature cooking procedure, which reduces bacteria levels prior to fermentation.
The mash is then cooled and transferred to fermenters, where yeast is added and the conversion of sugar to alcohol and CO 2 begins. 

- 6 - 

After fermentation, the resulting beer 
is transferred to distillation where the alcohol is separated from the residual stillage . The resulting alcohol is concentrated
to 190 proof using conventional distillation methods and then is dehydrated to approximately 200 proof, representing 100 alcohol levels,
in either a molecular sieve system or a grits system. For fuel-grade ethanol, the resulting anhydrous alcohol is then blended with approximately
2.5 denaturant, which is usually gasoline, and is then ready for shipment to renewable fuels markets. For specialty alcohols, the products
can be sold pure or as one of the Tobacco Tax Trade Bureau (TTB) approved specially denatured alcohol (SDA) formulations to meet
customer specifications. 

The residual stillage is separated into a coarse
grain portion and a liquid portion through a screw press or centrifugation process. The soluble liquid portion is concentrated to about
40 dissolved solids by an evaporation process. This intermediate state is called condensed distillers solubles, or syrup. The coarse
grain and syrup portions are then mixed to produce wet distillers grains, or WDG, or can be mixed and dried to produce dried distillers
grains with solubles, or DDGS. Both WDG and DDGS are high-protein animal feed products. 

Wet Milling Process 

In the wet milling process, corn or other high-starch
grain is first soaked or steeped in sulfurous acid for approximately 24 hours to soften the whole corn kernel ahead of milling.
After steeping, the grain goes through coarse milling to gently open the kernels to separate the corn germ from which the corn oil can
be further extracted in a separate process. The remaining fiber, gluten and starch components are further separated and sold. 

The stillage from the fermentation process is concentrated
in an evaporator and is co-dried with the fiber component to be sold as corn gluten feed. The gluten component is filtered and dried to
produce a high protein corn gluten meal. 

The starch is then processed into alcohol through
fermentation. The fermentation process for alcohol at this stage is similar to the dry milling process. In addition, we separate and dry
yeast to produce distillers yeast. 

Overview of Distillers Grains Market 

Distillers grains are produced as a co-product
of alcohol production and are valuable components of feed rations primarily to dairies and beef cattle markets, both nationally and internationally.
Our plants produce both WDG and DDGS. WDG is sold to customers proximate to the plants and DDGS is delivered by truck, rail and barge
to customers in domestic and international markets. Producing WDG also allows us to use up to one-third less process energy, thus reducing
production costs and lowering the carbon footprint of our production facilities. 

Historically, the market price for distillers grains
has generally tracked the price of corn. We believe that the market price of WDG and DDGS is determined by a number of factors, including
the market prices of corn, soybean meal and other competitive ingredients, the performance or value of WDG and DDGS in a particular feed
formulation and general market forces of supply and demand, including export markets for these co-products. The market price of distillers
grains is also often influenced by nutritional models that calculate the feed value of distillers grains by nutritional content, as well
as reliability of consistent supply. 

- 7 - 

Customers 

We market and sell through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Kinergy Marketing
LLC, or Kinergy, all of the alcohols we produce. Kinergy also markets fuel-grade ethanol produced by third parties. We market and sell
through our wholly-owned subsidiary, Alto Nutrients, LLC, all of the essential ingredients we produce. We also sell break bulk quantities
through Eagle Alcohol to customers in the beverage, food, industrial and related-process industries. 

We have extensive and long-standing customer relationships,
both domestic and international, for our specialty alcohols and essential ingredients, including yeast for pet food and human foods. These
customers include producers and distributors of ingredients for cosmetics, sanitizers and related products, distilled spirits producers,
food products manufacturers, producers of personal health/consumer health and personal care hygiene products, and global trading firms. 

Our renewable fuel customers are located throughout
the Western and Midwestern United States and consist of integrated oil companies and gasoline marketers who blend fuel-grade ethanol into
gasoline. Our customers depend on us to provide a reliable supply of fuel-grade ethanol and manage the logistics and timing of delivery.
We secure additional fuel-grade ethanol supplies from third-party fuel-grade ethanol plants. 

We market our essential ingredient feed products
to dairies and feedlots, in many cases located near our production facilities. These customers use our feed products for livestock as
a substitute for corn and other sources of starch and protein. We sell our corn oil to poultry, renewable diesel and biodiesel customers.
We do not market essential ingredients from other producers. 

Our Pekin Campus production segment generated 521.3
million, 498.2 million and 330.4 million in net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from the sale
of alcohols. Our Pekin Campus production segment generated 225.8 million, 189.5 million and 130.3 million in net sales for the years
ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from the sale of essential ingredients. 

During 2022, 2021 and 2020, our Pekin Campus production segment sold
an aggregate of approximately 201.1 million, 213.0 million and 193.9 million gallons of alcohols and 851,500, 875,100 and 829,000 tons
of essential ingredients, respectively, on a dry matter basis. 

Our Other production segment generated 253.6 million,
 107.9 million and 137.7 million in net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from the sale of alcohols.
Our Other production segment generated 90.2 million, 31.1 million and 40.9 million in net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022,
2021 and 2020, respectively, from the sale of essential ingredients. 

During 2022, 2021 and 2020, our Other production segment sold an aggregate
of approximately 92.3 million, 37.6 million and 78.0 million gallons of alcohols and 785,900, 361,000 and 619,000 tons of essential ingredients,
respectively, on a dry matter basis. 

Our marketing and distribution segment generated 228.9 million, 381.2
million and 257.7 million in net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, from the sale of all alcohols. 

Our Corporate and other segment generated 15.8 million in net sales
from Eagle Alcohol and sold 7.6 million gallons of alcohols. 

- 8 - 

During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we produced or purchased
from third parties and resold an aggregate of 418.9 million, 479.6 million and 536.3 million gallons of alcohols to approximately 114,
99 and 65 customers, respectively. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, sales to our two largest customers, Shell Trading US Company and Chevron Products
USA represented an aggregate of approximately 20 , 22 and 12 , of our net sales, respectively. For 2022, 2021 and 2020, sales to each
of our other customers represented less than 10 of our net sales. 

Suppliers 

Pekin Campus and Other Production Segments 

Our production operations depend upon various raw
materials suppliers, including suppliers of corn, natural gas, electricity and water. The cost of corn is the most important variable
cost associated with our alcohol production. We source corn for our plants using standard contracts, including spot purchase, forward
purchase and basis contracts. When resources are available, we seek to limit the exposure of our production operations to raw material
price fluctuations by purchasing forward a portion of our corn requirements on a fixed price basis and by purchasing corn and other raw
materials futures contracts and options. 

During 2022, 2021 and 2020, purchases of corn from our two largest
suppliers represented an aggregate of approximately 27 , 16 and 16 of our total corn purchases, respectively, for those periods. Purchases
from each of our other corn suppliers represented less than 10 of total corn purchases in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Marketing and Distribution Segment 

Our marketing and distribution operations include alcohols and essential
ingredients we produce but also depend upon various third-party producers of fuel-grade ethanol. In addition, we provide transportation,
storage and delivery services through third-party service providers with whom we have contracted to receive fuel-grade ethanol at agreed
upon locations from our third-party suppliers and to store and/or deliver the ethanol to agreed-upon locations on behalf of our customers.
These contracts generally run from year-to-year, subject to termination by either party upon advance written notice before the end of
the then-current annual term. 

During 2022, 2021 and 2020, we purchased and resold
from third parties an aggregate of approximately 220 million, 204 million and 163 million gallons, respectively, of fuel-grade ethanol. 

During 2022, 2021 and 2020, purchases of fuel-grade
ethanol from our four largest third-party suppliers represented 69 , 76 and 62 , respectively, of our total third-party ethanol purchases
for each of those periods. Purchases from each of our other third-party ethanol suppliers represented less than 10 of total third-party
ethanol purchases in each of 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Production Facilities 

We operate five production facilities. Three of
our production facilities are located in Pekin, Illinois at our Pekin Campus, one is located in Oregon and another is located in Idaho.
We have an annual alcohol production capacity of 350 million gallons, comprised of 210 million gallons of fuel-grade ethanol and up to
140 million gallons of specialty alcohols. As market conditions change, we may increase, decrease or idle production at one or more operating
facilities or resume operations at any idled facility. The tables below provide an overview of our five production facilities. 

- 9 - 

Pekin Campus Production Facilities 

Pekin Wet Facility 
 Pekin 
Dry Facility 
 Pekin 
ICP Facility 
 
 Location 
 Pekin, IL 
 Pekin, IL 
 Pekin, IL 
 
 Current operating status 
 Operating 
 Operating 
 Operating 
 
 Approximate maximum annual alcohol production capacity (in millions of gallons) 
 100 
 60 
 90 
 
 Approximate maximum annual specialty alcohol production capacity (in millions of gallons) 
 74 
 
 66 
 
 Production milling process 
 Wet 
 Dry 
 Dry 
 
 Primary energy source 
 Natural Gas 
 Natural Gas 
 Natural Gas 

Western Production Facilities 

Magic
Valley Facility 
 Columbia 
Facility 
 
 Location 
 Burley, ID 
 Boardman, OR 
 
 Current operating status 
 Idled 
 Operating 
 
 Approximate maximum annual fuel-grade ethanol production capacity (in millions of gallons) 
 60 
 40 
 
 Production milling process 
 Dry 
 Dry 
 
 Primary energy source 
 Natural Gas 
 Natural Gas 

Commodity Risk Management 

We employ various risk mitigation techniques. For
example, we may seek to mitigate our exposure to commodity price fluctuations by purchasing forward a portion of our corn and natural
gas requirements through fixed-price or variable-price contracts with our suppliers, as well as entering into derivative contracts for
fuel-grade ethanol, corn and natural gas. To mitigate fuel-grade ethanol inventory price risks, we may sell a portion of our production
forward under fixed- or index-price contracts, or both. We may hedge a portion of the price risks by entering into exchange-traded futures
contracts and options. Proper execution of these risk mitigation strategies can reduce the volatility of our gross profit margins. 

Specialty alcohols have relatively low price volatility
and are usually priced at significant premiums to fuel-grade ethanol. The market price of fuel-grade ethanol is volatile, however, and
subject to large fluctuations. Given the nature of our business, we cannot effectively hedge against extreme volatility or certain market
conditions. For example, fuel-grade ethanol prices, as reported by the Chicago Board of Trade, or CBOT, ranged from 2.00 to 2.88 per
gallon during 2022, 1.48 to 3.75 per gallon during 2021 and from 0.81 to 1.62 per gallon during 2020; and corn prices, as reported
by the CBOT, ranged from 5.64 to 8.18 per bushel during 2022, 4.84 to 7.73 per bushel during 2021 and from 3.03 to 4.84 per bushel
during 2020. 

Climate-Related and Other Risks 

Short- to medium-term climate-related and other risks include high
sensitivity to certain commodity prices such as corn and natural gas; regulatory changes and political volatility, both domestic and international;
ethanol supply and demand imbalances; logistics and storage constraints from river access during inclement or volatile weather conditions;
lack of automation of process optimization; high repair, maintenance and production costs resulting from older facilities; poor cooling
capacity of our older facilities as water temperatures increase; and international market competition. 

Long-term climate-related risks include water resource limitations;
lower or volatile grain availability in local markets; market transition away from combustion fuels that include renewables; and the energy
cost impact of technology such as wet milling and multiple distillation processes for high-quality alcohol. We also may be impacted by
costs and regulatory burdens associated with carbon emissions from our production and distribution as well as truck transport and packaging
associated with Eagle Alcohol s use of drums and totes. See Risk Factors. 

- 10 - 

Marketing Arrangements 

We market all the alcohols and essential ingredients
produced at our facilities. In addition, we market and sell the entire fuel-grade ethanol production volume of a third-party producer. 

Competition 

We are the largest producer of specialty alcohols
in the United States. 

Other significant producers of specialty alcohols
in the United States are Archer-Daniels-Midland Company, MGP Ingredients, Inc., Grain Processing Corporation, CIE and Greenfield Global
Inc., which collectively make up a significant majority of the total installed specialty alcohol production capacity in the United States
along with many smaller producers. 

The largest producers of fuel-grade ethanol in the United States are
POET, LLC, Valero Renewable Fuels Company, LLC, Archer-Daniels-Midland Company and Green Plains Inc., collectively with approximately
41 of the total installed fuel-grade ethanol production capacity in the United States. In addition, there are many mid-sized fuel-grade
ethanol producers with several plants under ownership, smaller producers each with one or two plants, and several fuel-grade ethanol marketers
that create significant competition. Overall, we believe there are over 200 fuel-grade ethanol production facilities in the United States
with a total installed production capacity of approximately 17.5 billion gallons and many brokers and marketers with whom we compete for
sales of fuel-grade ethanol and its co-products. 

Our fuel-grade ethanol also competes on a global
market against production from other countries, such as Brazil, which may have lower production costs than United States producers. Lower
feedstock input costs such as sugarcane used in Brazil as compared to corn used in the Unites States may give foreign producers a competitive
advantage. In addition, fuel-grade ethanol from sugarcane feedstock qualifies as an advanced biofuel, unlike corn ethanol, allowing certain
producers to economically satisfy an advanced biofuel standard. Moreover, new products and production technologies are under continuous
development, many of which, if adopted by competitors, could harm our ability to compete. 

We believe that our competitive strengths include
our customer and supplier relationships, the barriers to entry to our most profitable lines of business including our modern technologies
and certifications at our production facilities our experienced management, and the strategic location of our Midwest production
facilities. We believe that these advantages will help us to attain our goal to expand our business as a leading producer and distributor
of specialty alcohols and essential ingredients. See Competitive Strengths . 

- 11 - 

Governmental Regulation 

Our business is subject to a wide range of federal,
state and local laws and regulations directed at protecting public health and the environment, including those promulgated by the Occupational
Safety and Health Administration, or OSHA, the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or FDA, the EPA, and numerous state, local and international
authorities. These laws, their underlying regulatory requirements and their potential enforcement, some of which are described below,
impact, or may impact, nearly every aspect of our operations, including our production of alcohols (including distillation), our production
of essential ingredients, our storage facilities, and our water usage, wastewater discharge, disposal of hazardous wastes and emissions,
and other matters pertaining to our existing and proposed business by imposing: 

restrictions on our existing and proposed operations and/or the need to install enhanced or additional controls; 

special requirements applicable to food and drug additives; 

the need to obtain and comply with permits and authorizations; 

liability for exceeding applicable permit limits or legal requirements, in some cases for the remediation of contaminated soil and
groundwater at our production facilities, contiguous and adjacent properties and other properties owned and/or operated by third parties;
and 

other specifications for the specialty alcohols and essential ingredients we produce and market. 

In addition, some governmental regulations are
helpful to our production and marketing business. The fuel-grade ethanol industry in particular is supported by federal and state mandates
and environmental regulations that favor the use of fuel-grade ethanol in motor fuel blends in North America. Some of the governmental
regulations applicable to our production and marketing business are briefly described below. 

Food and Drug Regulation 

Our products for the Health, Home Beauty ,
 Food Beverage and Essential Ingredients markets are subject to regulation by the FDA as well as similar state agencies.
Under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, or FDCA, the FDA regulates the processing, formulation, safety, manufacture, packaging,
labeling and distribution of food ingredients, vitamins, cosmetics and pharmaceuticals for active and inactive ingredients. Many of the
FDA s and FDCA s rules and regulations apply directly to us as well as indirectly through their application in our customers 
products. To be properly marketed and sold in the United States, a relevant product must be generally recognized as safe, approved and
not adulterated or misbranded under the FDCA and relevant regulations issued under the FDCA. The FDA has broad authority to enforce the
provisions of the FDCA. Failure to comply with the laws and regulations of the FDA or similar state agencies could prevent us from selling
certain of our products or subject us to liability. 

Renewable Fuels Energy Legislation 

Under the RFS, the mandated use of all renewable
fuels, including fuel-grade ethanol, rose incrementally and peaked at 36.0 billion gallons in 2022, of which 15.0 billion gallons are
required from conventional, or corn-based, ethanol. Under the provisions of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, the EPA
has the authority to waive the mandated RFS requirements in whole or in part. To grant a waiver, the EPA administrator must determine,
in consultation with the Secretaries of Agriculture and Energy, that there is inadequate domestic renewable fuel supply or implementation
of the requirement would severely harm the economy or environment of a state, region or the United States as a whole. 

Various bills in Congress introduced from time to time are also directed
at altering existing renewable fuels energy legislation, but none have passed in recent years. Some legislative bills are directed at
halting or reversing expansion of, or even eliminating, the renewable fuel program, while other bills are directed at bolstering the program
or enacting further mandates or grants that would support the renewable fuels industry. 

- 12 - 

The EPA has allowed fuel and fuel-additive manufacturers
to introduce into commercial gasoline up to 15 fuel-grade ethanol by volume, or E15, for vehicles from model year 2001 and beyond. Commercial
sale of E15 has begun in a majority of states, and the EPA has enacted a rule allowing for year-round use of E15. 

Various states including California, Oregon and
Washington, and other regions such as the Canadian province of British Columbia, have implemented low-carbon fuel standards focused on
reducing the carbon intensity of transportation fuels. Blending fuel-grade ethanol into gasoline is one of the primary means of attaining
these goals. 

Additional Environmental Regulations 

In addition to the governmental regulations applicable
to the alcohol production and marketing industry described above, our business is subject to additional federal, state and local environmental
regulations, including regulations established by the EPA and state regulatory agencies related to water quality and air pollution control.
We cannot predict the manner by which, or extent to which, these regulations will harm or help our business or the alcohol production
and marketing industry in general. 

Human Capital Resources 

As of March 13, 2023, we had approximately 439
employees, including 439 full-time employees. Our human capital resources objectives include attracting and retaining well-qualified and
highly skilled and motivated employees and executives. As of that same date, approximately 44 of our employees were represented by a
labor union and covered by a collective bargaining agreement. We have never had a work stoppage or strike and we consider our relations
with our employees to be good. 

Our compensation program is designed to attract,
retain and motivate our personnel. We use a mix of competitive salaries and other benefits to attract and retain employees and executives.
Some of these benefits include matching 401K contributions of up to 6 of salary, health and wellness programs and a paid service day
for employees to give back to their communities. At the direction and with the involvement of an environmental, social and governance,
or ESG, committee established by our board of directors, we have established an ESG working committee that draws from our many administrative
and operational departments to review key policies and procedures, conduct employee engagement surveys and training, champion volunteering
and charitable drives, develop and implement recruiting efforts which promote diversity and inclusion and prioritize collecting and improving
on key metrics from industry frameworks such as the Global Reporting Initiative and Sustainability Accounting Standards Board standards
which are maintained by the International Sustainability Standards Board of the IFRS Foundation. 

- 13 - 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Before
deciding to purchase, hold or sell our common stock, you should carefully consider the risks described below in addition to the other
information contained in this Report and in our other filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including subsequent reports
on Forms 10-Q and 8-K. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not
presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our business. If any of these known or unknown risks or uncertainties
actually occurs with material adverse effects on Alto Ingredients, our business, financial condition, results of operations and/or liquidity
could be seriously harmed. In that event, the market price for our common stock will likely decline, and you may lose all or part of your
investment. 

Risks Related to our Business 

Our results of operations and our ability to operate
at a profit are largely dependent on our ability to manage the costs of corn, natural gas and other production inputs, with the prices
of our alcohols and essential ingredients, all of which are subject to volatility and uncertainty. 

Our results of operations are highly impacted by
commodity prices, including the cost of corn, natural gas and other production inputs that we must purchase, and the prices of alcohols
and essential ingredients that we sell. Prices and supplies are subject to and determined by numerous market and other forces over which
we have no control, such as weather, domestic and global demand, supply shortages, export prices, inflationary conditions, global geopolitical
tensions and various governmental policies in the United States and throughout the world. 

Price volatility of corn, natural gas and other
production inputs, and alcohols and essential ingredients, may cause our results of operations to fluctuate substantially. We may fail
to generate expected levels of net sales and profits even under fixed-price and other contracts for the sale of specialty alcohols used
in consumer products. Our customers may not pay us timely or at all, even under longer-term, fixed-price contracts for our specialty alcohols,
and may seek to renegotiate prices under those contracts during periods of falling prices or high price volatility. 

Over the past several years, for example, the spread
between corn and fuel-grade ethanol prices has fluctuated significantly. Fluctuations are likely to continue to occur. A sustained negative
or narrow spread, whether as a result of sustained high or increased corn prices or sustained low or decreased alcohol or essential ingredient
prices, would adversely affect our results of operations and financial condition. Revenues from sales of alcohols, particularly fuel-grade
ethanol, and essential ingredients have in the past and could in the future decline below the marginal cost of production, which may force
us to suspend production, particularly fuel-grade ethanol production, at some or all of our facilities. 

In addition, some of our fuel-grade ethanol marketing
and distribution activities will likely be unprofitable in a market of generally declining prices due to the nature of our business. For
example, to satisfy customer demands, we maintain certain quantities of fuel-grade ethanol inventory for subsequent resale. Moreover,
we procure much of our fuel-grade ethanol inventory outside of contracted third-party marketing and distribution arrangements and therefore
must buy fuel-grade ethanol at a price established at the time of purchase and sell fuel-grade ethanol at an index price established later
at the time of sale that is generally reflective of movements in the market price of fuel-grade ethanol. As a result, our margins for
fuel-grade ethanol sold in these transactions generally decline and may turn negative as the market price of fuel-grade ethanol declines. 

- 14 - 

We can provide no assurance that corn, natural
gas or other production inputs can be purchased at or near current or any particular prices, or that our alcohols or essential ingredients
will sell at or near current or any particular prices. Consequently, our results of operations and financial condition may be adversely
affected by increases in the prices of corn, natural gas and other production inputs or decreases in the prices of our alcohols and essential
ingredients. 

Inflation, including as a result of commodity price
inflation or supply chain constraints due to the war in Ukraine, and higher prices in general may adversely impact our results of operations. 

We have experienced inflationary impacts on key
production inputs, wages and other costs of labor, equipment, services, and other business expenses. Commodity prices in particular have
risen significantly over the past year. Inflation and its negative impacts could escalate in future periods. 

Ukraine is the third largest exporter of
grain in the world. Russia is one of the largest producers of natural gas and oil and is the largest exporter of fertilizers. The
commodity price impact of the war in Ukraine has been a sharp and sustained rise in grain and energy prices, including for corn and
natural gas, our two most important production input commodities. In addition, the war in Ukraine has adversely affected and may
continue to adversely affect global supply chains resulting in further commodity price inflation for our production inputs. Lower
fertilizer supplies may also impact future growing seasons, further impacting grain supplies and prices. Also, given high global
grain prices, U.S. farmers may prefer to lock in prices and export additional volumes, reducing domestic grain supplies and
resulting in further inflationary pressures on key production inputs. 

Even if inflation stabilizes or abates, the prices
of key production inputs, wages and other costs of labor, equipment, services, and other business expenses may remain at elevated levels.
We may not be able to include these additional costs in the prices of the products we sell. As a result, inflation and higher prices in
general may have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Increased alcohol or essential ingredient production
or higher inventory levels may cause a decline in prices for those products, and may have other negative effects, adversely impacting
our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

The prices of our alcohols and essential ingredients
are impacted by competing third-party supplies of those products. For example, we believe that the most significant factor influencing
the price of fuel-grade ethanol has been the substantial increase in production. According to the Renewable Fuels Association, domestic
fuel-grade ethanol production capacity increased from an annualized rate of 1.5 billion gallons per year in January 1999 to a record 16.1
billion gallons in 2018. In addition, if fuel-grade ethanol production margins improve, we anticipate that owners of production facilities
operating at below capacity, or owners of idled production facilities, will increase production levels, thereby resulting in more abundant
fuel-grade ethanol supplies and inventories. Increases in the supply of alcohols and essential ingredients may not be commensurate with
increases in demand for alcohols and essential ingredients, thus leading to lower prices. Any of these outcomes could have a material
adverse effect on our results of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

- 15 - 

The prices of our products are volatile and subject
to large fluctuations, which may cause our results of operations to fluctuate significantly. 

The prices of our products are volatile and subject
to large fluctuations. For example, the market price of fuel-grade ethanol is dependent upon many factors, including the supply of ethanol
and the price of gasoline, which is in turn dependent upon the price of petroleum which itself is highly volatile, difficult to forecast
and influenced by a wide variety of geopolitical and global economic conditions, including decisions concerning petroleum output by the
Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries (OPEC) and their allies, an intergovernmental organization that seeks to manage the price
and supply of oil on the global energy market. Our fuel-grade ethanol sales are tied to prevailing spot market prices rather than long-term,
fixed-price contracts. Fuel-grade ethanol prices, as reported by the CBOT, ranged from 2.00 to 2.88 per gallon in 2022, from 1.48 to
 3.75 per gallon in 2021 and from 0.81 to 1.62 per gallon in 2020. In addition, even under longer-term, fixed-price contracts for our
specialty alcohols, our customers may seek to renegotiate prices under those contracts during periods of falling prices or high price
volatility. Fluctuations in the prices of our products may cause our results of operations to fluctuate significantly. 

Disruptions in our production or distribution,
including as a result of climate change and other weather effects, may adversely affect our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Our business depends on the continuing availability
of rail, road, port, storage and distribution infrastructure. In particular, due to limited storage capacity at some of our production
facilities and other considerations related to production efficiencies, certain facilities depend on just-in-time delivery of corn. The
production of alcohols also requires a significant and uninterrupted supply of other raw materials and energy, primarily water, electricity
and natural gas. Local water, electricity and gas utilities may fail to reliably supply the water, electricity and natural gas that our
production facilities need or may fail to supply those resources on acceptable terms. In the past, poor weather has caused disruptions
in rail transportation, which slowed the delivery of fuel-grade ethanol by rail, a key method by which fuel-grade ethanol from our Pekin
Campus is transported to market. 

For example, in 2022, a lightning strike at the
utility servicing our Pekin Campus disrupted our operations, cutting power to our facilities and materially affecting our production,
resulting in unexpected repair and maintenance costs, lost production and degradation in the quality of work-in-progress inventories.
In addition, in 2020, we experienced closure of the Illinois River for lock repairs which required greater use of less cost-effective
modes of product transport such as via rail and truck, which resulted in higher costs and negatively affected our results of operations. 

Disruptions in production or distribution, whether caused by labor
difficulties, unscheduled downtimes and other operational hazards inherent in the alcohol production industry, including equipment failures,
fires, explosions, abnormal pressures, blowouts, pipeline ruptures, transportation accidents, climate change and natural disasters such
as earthquakes, floods and storms, or other weather effects, or human error or malfeasance or other reasons, could prevent timely deliveries
of corn or other raw materials and energy, and could delay transport of our products to market, and may require us to halt production
at one or more production facilities, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Some of these operational hazards may also cause
personal injury or loss of life, severe damage to or destruction of property and equipment or environmental damage, and may result in
suspension of operations and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. Our insurance may not fully cover the potential hazards described
above or we may be unable to renew our insurance on commercially reasonable terms or at all. 

Climate change, and governmental regulations
aimed at addressing climate-related issues, may affect conditions to which our business is highly sensitive, many of which could materially
and adversely harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Our business is highly sensitive to commodity prices,
in particular the prices of corn and grain substitutes, and natural gas. Inclement weather from climate change, including extreme temperatures
or drought, may adversely affect growing conditions, which may reduce available corn supplies, our primary production input, and other
grain substitutes, driving up prices and thereby increasing our production input costs. In addition, governmental regulators may disfavor
carbon-based energy sources, such as natural gas, leading to regulations that disincentivize their use or otherwise make their production
more difficult and costly, driving up their prices. Higher natural gas prices would likewise increase our production input costs. 

Other factors that may result from climate change,
or that may result from governmental regulations aimed at addressing climate-related issues, may also adversely affect our business, including
the following: 

Water is one of our key production inputs; water resource limitations may result from drought and other inclement weather; water resource
limitations may also result from rationing and other governmental regulations limiting water use; 

Higher water temperatures due to increased global or regional temperatures may negatively affect production efficiencies due to water
temperature production requirements given the poor cooling capacities of our older facilities; 

Flooding and other inclement weather may negatively affect our river access, other transportation logistics and costs, and storage
requirements; 

An overall increase in energy costs will negatively impact our production costs generally and may critically impact certain high energy-intensive
production technologies, such as our wet milling and multiple distillation processes for high-quality alcohol; 

Regulatory and market transition away from combustion fuels and fuel-grade ethanol blending may threaten the viability of our renewable
fuels business; and 

- 16 - 

Costs and regulatory burdens associated with governmental regulations that limit or tax greenhouse gas emissions, such as carbon dioxide,
from alcohol production and distribution, or from truck transport and packaging associated with Eagle Alcohol s business and use
of drums and totes, will negatively impact us. 

New legislation in the United States to address
climate change issues, including at the federal, state and local levels, likely will continue. This includes new or expanded cap-and-trade
programs that may layer additional costs on any business that emits greenhouse gases. New legislation, including new or expanded cap-and-trade
programs, could materially and adversely impact our production cost structure and the market viability of our products. 

Any of these factors could materially and adversely
harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

We may engage in hedging transactions and other risk
mitigation strategies that could harm our results of operations and financial condition. 

In an attempt to partially offset the effects of
production input and product price volatility, in particular, corn and natural gas costs and fuel-grade ethanol prices, we may enter into
contracts to purchase a portion of our corn or natural gas requirements on a forward basis or fix the sale price of portions of our alcohol
production. In addition, we may engage in other hedging transactions involving exchange-traded futures contracts for corn, natural gas
and unleaded gasoline from time to time. The financial statement impact of these activities is dependent upon, among other things, the
prices involved and our ability to sell sufficient products to use all of the corn and natural gas for which forward commitments have
been made. Hedging arrangements also expose us to the risk of financial loss in situations where our counterparty to the hedging contract
defaults on its contract or, in the case of exchange-traded contracts, where there is a change in the expected differential between the
underlying price in the hedging agreement and the actual prices paid or received by us. In addition, our open contract positions may require
cash deposits to cover margin calls, negatively impacting our liquidity. As a result, our hedging activities and fluctuations in the price
of corn, natural gas, fuel-grade ethanol and unleaded gasoline may adversely affect our results of operations, financial condition and
liquidity. 

Risks Related to our Finances 

We have incurred significant losses and negative operating
cash flow in the past and we may incur losses and negative operating cash flow in the future, which may hamper our operations and impede
us from expanding our business. 

We have incurred significant losses and negative
operating cash flow in the past. For example, for the three months and year ended December 31, 2022 and for the year ended December 31,
2020, we incurred consolidated net losses of approximately 33.1 million, 41.6 million and 17.3 million, respectively. We may incur
losses and negative operating cash flow in the future. We expect to rely on cash on hand, cash, if any, generated from our operations,
borrowing availability under our lines of credit and proceeds from our future financing activities, if any, to fund all of the cash requirements
of our business. Additional losses and negative operating cash flow may hamper our operations and impede us from expanding our business. 

We incur significant expenses to maintain and upgrade our production
facilities and operating equipment, and any interruption in our operations would harm our operating performance. 

We regularly incur significant expenses to maintain
and upgrade our production facilities and operating equipment. The machines and equipment we use to produce our alcohols and essential
ingredients are complex, have many parts, and some operate on a continuous basis. We must perform routine equipment maintenance and must
periodically replace a variety of parts such as motors, pumps, pipes and electrical parts. In addition, our production facilities require
periodic shutdowns to perform major maintenance and upgrades. These scheduled shutdowns result in lower sales and increased costs in the
periods during which a shutdown occurs and could result in unexpected operational issues in future periods as a result of changes to equipment
and operational and mechanical processes made during shutdown. 

Our indebtedness may expose us to risks that could
negatively impact our business, prospects, liquidity, cash flows and results of operations. 

We have incurred, and anticipate incurring additional,
substantial indebtedness to engage in capital improvement projects. We expect that these projects, when completed, will generate financial
returns sufficient to service and ultimately repay or refinance our indebtedness. However, the timing, cost and results of our capital
improvement projects may not meet our projections. In addition, our indebtedness could: 

make it more difficult to pay or refinance our indebtedness if it becomes due during adverse economic and industry conditions; 

- 17 - 

limit our flexibility to pursue strategic opportunities or react to changes in our business and the industries in which we operate
and, consequently, place us at a competitive disadvantage to our competitors who have less debt; 

require a substantial portion of our cash flows from operations for debt service payments, thereby reducing the availability of our
cash flows to fund working capital, additional capital expenditures, acquisitions, dividend payments and for other general corporate purposes;
or 

limit our ability to procure additional financing for working capital or other purposes. 

Our ability to generate sufficient cash to make
all required principal and interest payments when due depends on our performance, which is subject to a variety of factors beyond our
control, including the cost of key production inputs, the supply of and demand for specialty alcohols and essential ingredients, and many
other factors related to the industries in which we operate. We cannot provide any assurance that we will be able to timely service or
satisfy our debt obligations. Our failure to timely service or satisfy our debt obligations would have a material adverse effect on our
business, business prospects, liquidity, cash flows and results of operations. 

Our ability to utilize net operating loss carryforwards
and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

Federal and state income tax laws impose restrictions
on our use of net operating loss, or NOL, and tax credit carryforwards in the event that an ownership change occurs for
tax purposes, as defined by Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code, or Code. In general, an ownership change occurs when stockholders
owning 5 or more of a corporation entitled to use NOL or other loss carryforwards have increased their ownership by more than 50 percentage
points during any three-year period. The annual base limitation under Section 382 of the Code is calculated by multiplying the corporation s
value at the time of the ownership change by the greater of the long-term tax-exempt rate determined by the Internal Revenue Service in
the month of the ownership change or the two preceding months. Our ability to utilize our NOL and other loss carryforwards may be substantially
limited. These limitations could result in increased future tax obligations, which could have a material adverse effect on our financial
condition and results of operations. 

Risks Related to Legal and Regulatory Matters 

We may be adversely affected by environmental, health
and safety laws, regulations and liabilities, and which may not be adequately covered by insurance . 

We are subject to various federal, state and local
environmental laws and regulations, including those relating to the discharge of materials into the air, water and ground; the generation,
storage, handling, use, transportation and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes; and the health and safety of our employees. In
addition, some of these laws and regulations require us to operate under permits that are subject to renewal or modification. These laws,
regulations and permits often require expensive pollution control equipment or operational changes to limit actual or potential impacts
to the environment. A violation of these laws and regulations or permit conditions may result in substantial fines, natural resource damages,
criminal sanctions, permit revocations and/or production facility shutdowns. In addition, we have made, and expect to make, significant
capital expenditures on an ongoing basis to comply with increasingly stringent environmental laws, regulations and permits. 

We may be liable for the investigation and cleanup
of environmental contamination at each of our production facilities and at off-site locations where we arrange for the disposal of hazardous
substances or wastes. If these substances or wastes have been or are disposed of or released at sites that undergo investigation and/or
remediation by regulatory agencies, we may be responsible under the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation and Liability Act
of 1980, or other environmental laws for all or part of the costs of investigation and/or remediation, and for damages to natural resources.
We may also be subject to related claims by private parties alleging property damage and personal injury due to exposure to hazardous
or other materials at or from those properties. Some of these matters may require us to expend significant amounts for investigation,
cleanup or other costs not covered by insurance. 

- 18 - 

In addition, new laws, new interpretations of existing
laws, increased governmental enforcement of environmental laws or other developments could require us to make significant additional expenditures.
Continued government and public emphasis on environmental issues will likely result in increased future investments for environmental
controls at our production facilities. Present and future environmental laws and regulations, and interpretations of those laws and regulations,
applicable to our operations, more vigorous enforcement policies and discovery of currently unknown conditions may require substantial
expenditures that could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

The hazards and risks associated with producing
and transporting our products (including fires, natural disasters, explosions and abnormal pressures and blowouts) may also result in
personal injury claims or damage to property and third parties. As protection against operating hazards, we maintain insurance coverage
against some, but not all, potential losses. However, we could sustain losses for uninsurable or uninsured risks, or in amounts in excess
of existing insurance coverages. Events that result in significant personal injury or damage to our property or third parties or other
losses that are not fully covered by insurance could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations and financial condition. 

Future demand for fuel-grade ethanol is uncertain
and may be affected by changes to federal mandates, public perception, consumer acceptance and overall consumer demand for transportation
fuel, any of which could negatively affect demand for fuel-grade ethanol and our results of operations. 

Although many trade groups, academics and governmental
agencies support fuel-grade ethanol as a fuel additive that promotes a cleaner environment, others criticize fuel-grade ethanol production
as consuming considerably more energy and emitting more greenhouse gases than other biofuels and potentially depleting water resources.
Some studies suggest that corn-based ethanol is less efficient than ethanol produced from other feedstock and that it negatively impacts
consumers by causing increased prices for dairy, meat and other food generated from livestock that consume corn. Additionally, critics
of fuel-grade ethanol contend that corn supplies are redirected from international food markets to domestic fuel markets. If negative
views of corn-based ethanol production gain broader acceptance, support for existing measures promoting use and domestic production of
corn-based ethanol as a fuel additive could decline, leading to a reduction or repeal of federal ethanol usage mandates, which would materially
and adversely affect the demand for fuel-grade ethanol. These views could also negatively impact public perception of the fuel-grade ethanol
industry and acceptance of ethanol as an alternative fuel. 

There are limited markets for fuel-grade ethanol
beyond those established by federal mandates. Discretionary blending and E85 blending (i.e., gasoline blended with up to 85 fuel-grade
ethanol by volume) are important secondary markets. Discretionary blending is often determined by the price of fuel-grade ethanol relative
to the price of gasoline. In periods when discretionary blending is financially unattractive, the demand for fuel-grade ethanol may decline.
Also, the demand for fuel-grade ethanol is affected by the overall demand for transportation fuel. Demand for transportation fuel is affected
by the number of miles traveled by consumers and vehicle fuel economy. Lower demand for fuel-grade ethanol and co-products would reduce
the value of our ethanol and related products, erode our overall margins and diminish our ability to generate revenue or to operate profitably.
In addition, we believe that consumer acceptance of E15 and E85 fuels is necessary before fuel-grade ethanol can achieve any significant
growth in market share relative to other transportation fuels. 

The United States fuel-grade ethanol industry is
highly dependent upon various federal and state laws and any changes in those laws could have a material adverse effect on our results
of operations, cash flows and financial condition. 

The EPA has implemented the Renewable Fuel Standard, or RFS, under
the Energy Policy Act of 2005 and the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007. The RFS program sets annual quotas for the quantity
of renewable fuels (such as fuel-grade ethanol) that must be blended into motor fuels consumed in the United States through 2022. After
2022, the EPA is to determine volume requirements in coordination with the Secretary of Energy and the Secretary of Agriculture. The EPA
has proposed new post-2022 mandatory volumes of 15.0 billion and 15.25 billion gallons for 2023 and 2024, respectively, in compliance
with a consent decree by the United States District Court for the District of Columbia. 

Under the provisions of the Clean Air Act, as amended
by the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007, the EPA has limited authority to waive or reduce the mandated RFS requirements. This
authority is subject to consultation with the Secretaries of Agriculture and Energy and is based on a determination that there is inadequate
domestic renewable fuel supply or implementation of the applicable requirements would severely harm the economy or environment of a state,
region or the United States in general. In particular, the EPA may issue small refinery waivers, in full or in part, to reduce or eliminate
annual renewable fuel volume requirements for small refineries that process fewer than 75,000 barrels of petroleum daily. Our results
of operations, cash flows and financial condition could be adversely impacted if the EPA reduces the RFS requirements from the statutory
levels specified in the RFS or continues to issue significant small refinery waivers. 

- 19 - 

The domestic market for fuel-grade ethanol is significantly
impacted by federal mandates under the RFS program for volumes of renewable fuels (such as ethanol) required to be blended with gasoline.
Future demand for fuel-grade ethanol will largely depend on incentives to blend ethanol into motor fuels, including the price of ethanol
relative to the price of gasoline, the relative octane value of ethanol, constraints on the ability of vehicles to use higher ethanol
blends, the RFS and the EPA s established volumes from time to time, small refinery waivers, and other applicable environmental
requirements. 

Various bills in Congress introduced from time
to time are also directed at altering existing renewable fuels energy legislation, but none have passed in recent years. Some legislative
bills are directed at halting or reversing expansion of, or even eliminating, the renewable fuel program, while other bills are directed
at bolstering the program or enacting further mandates or grants that would support the renewable fuels industry. Our results of operations,
cash flows and financial condition could be adversely impacted if any legislation is enacted that reduces the RFS volume requirements. 

Risks Related to Ownership of our Common Stock 

Our stock
price is highly volatile, which could result in substantial losses for investors purchasing shares of our common stock and in litigation
against us. 

The market price of our common
stock has fluctuated significantly in the past and may continue to fluctuate significantly in the future. The market price of our common
stock may continue to fluctuate in response to one or more of the following factors, or any of the other risks or uncertainties discussed
in this report, many of which are beyond our control: 

fluctuations in the market prices of our products; 

fluctuations
in the costs of key production input commodities such as corn and natural gas; 

the volume and timing of the receipt of orders for our products from major customers; 

competitive pricing pressures; 

anticipated trends in our financial condition and results of operations; 

changes
in market valuations of companies similar to us; 

stock market price and volume fluctuations generally; 

regulatory developments or increased enforcement; 

fluctuations
in our quarterly or annual operating results; 

additions
or departures of key personnel; 

our
ability to obtain any necessary financing; 

the timing, cost and results of our capital improvement projects; 

our financing activities and future sales of our common stock or other securities;
and 

our
ability to maintain contracts that are critical to our operations. 

The price at which you purchase
shares of our common stock may not be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market. You may be unable to sell your
shares of common stock at or above your purchase price, which may result in substantial losses to you and which may include the complete
loss of your investment. In the past, securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following periods of
high stock price volatility. We may be the target of similar litigation in the future. Securities litigation could result in substantial
costs and divert management s attention and our resources away from our business. 

Any of the risks described
above could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations, the price of our common stock, or both. 

- 20 - 

Because we do not intend to pay any cash dividends
on our shares of common stock in the near future, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares unless and until
they sell them. 

We intend to retain a significant
portion of any future earnings to finance the development, operation and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash
dividends on our common stock in the near future. The declaration, payment, and amount of any future dividends will be made at the discretion
of our board of directors, and will depend upon, among other things, our results of operations, cash flows, and financial condition, operating
and capital requirements, compliance with any applicable debt covenants, and other factors our board of directors considers relevant.
There is no assurance that future dividends will be paid, and, if dividends are paid, there is no assurance of the amount of any such
dividend. Unless our board of directors determines to pay dividends, our stockholders will be required to look solely to appreciation
in the value of our common stock to realize any gain on their investment. There can be no assurance that any such appreciation will occur. 

Our bylaws contain an exclusive forum provision that
could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees
or agents. 

Our bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing
to the selection of an alternative forum, the Delaware Court of Chancery shall be the sole and exclusive forum for (a) any derivative
action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any director, officer
or other employee of us to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Delaware
General Corporation Law, or (d) any action asserting a claim governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 

For the avoidance of doubt, the exclusive forum
provision described above does not apply to any claims arising under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Act, or
the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or the Exchange Act. Section 27 of the Exchange Act creates exclusive federal jurisdiction
over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or the rules and regulations thereunder, and Section
22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for federal and state courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability
created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 

The choice of forum provision in our bylaws may
limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, employees and agents even though
an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. The applicable courts may also reach different judgments or results than would
other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action,
and such judgments or results may be more favorable to us than to our stockholders. With respect to the provision making the Delaware
Court of Chancery the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions, stockholders who do bring a claim in the Delaware Court of
Chancery could face additional litigation costs in pursuing any such claim, particularly if they do not reside in or near Delaware. Finally,
if a court were to find this provision of our bylaws inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified types
of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could have
a material adverse effect on us. 

General Risk Factors 

Cyberattacks through security vulnerabilities could
lead to disruption of our business, reduced revenue, increased costs, liability claims, or harm to our reputation or competitive position. 

Security vulnerabilities may arise from our hardware,
software, employees, contractors or policies we have deployed, which may result in external parties gaining access to our networks, data
centers, cloud data centers, corporate computers, manufacturing systems, and/or access to accounts we have at our suppliers, vendors or
customers. External parties may gain access to our data or our customers data, or attack the networks causing denial of service
or attempt to hold our data or systems in ransom. The vulnerability could be caused by inadequate account security practices such
as the failure to timely remove employee access when terminated. To mitigate these security issues, we have implemented measures throughout
our organization, including firewalls, backups, encryption, employee information technology policies and user account policies. However,
there can be no assurance that these measures will be sufficient to avoid cyberattacks. If any of these types of security breaches were
to occur and we were unable to protect sensitive data, our relationships with our business partners and customers could be materially
damaged, our reputation could be materially harmed, and we could be exposed to a risk of litigation and possible significant liability. 

- 21 - 

Further, if we fail to adequately maintain our
information technology infrastructure, we may have outages and data loss. Excessive outages may affect our ability to timely and efficiently
deliver products to customers or develop new products. Such disruptions and data loss may adversely impact our ability to fulfill orders
and interrupt other processes. Delayed sales or lost customers resulting from these disruptions could adversely affect our financial results,
stock price and reputation. 

Our and our business partners or contractors 
failure to fully comply with applicable data privacy or similar laws could lead to significant fines and require onerous corrective action.
In addition, data security breaches experienced by us or our business partners or contractors could result in the loss of trade secrets
or other intellectual property, public disclosure of sensitive commercial data, and the exposure of personally identifiable information
(including sensitive personal information) of our employees, customers, suppliers, contractors and others. 

Unauthorized use or disclosure of, or access to,
any personal information maintained by us or on our behalf, whether through breach of our systems, breach of the systems of our suppliers
or vendors by an unauthorized party, or through employee or contractor error, theft or misuse, or otherwise, could harm our business.
If any such unauthorized use or disclosure of, or access to, such personal information was to occur, our operations could be seriously
disrupted, and we could be subject to demands, claims and litigation by private parties, and investigations, related actions, and penalties
by regulatory authorities. In addition, we could incur significant costs in notifying affected persons and entities and otherwise complying
with the multitude of foreign, federal, state and local laws and regulations relating to the unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure
of, personal information. Finally, any perceived or actual unauthorized access to, or use or disclosure of, such information could harm
our reputation, substantially impair our ability to attract and retain customers and have an adverse impact on our business, financial
condition and results of operations. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 

We have received no written
comments regarding our periodic or current reports from the staff of the Securities and Exchange Commission that were issued 180 days
or more preceding the end of our 2022 fiscal year and that remain unresolved. 

Item 2. Properties. 

Our corporate headquarters, located in Pekin, Illinois, consists of
plants and facilities comprising our Pekin Campus production segment and totaling 145 acres on land we own. In Sacramento, California,
we lease office space totaling approximately 11,000 square feet under a lease expiring in 2029. In St. Louis, Missouri, we lease warehouse
space totaling approximately 84,000 square feet under a lease expiring in 2030. We have plants located in Boardman, Oregon, at a 25-acre
facility, and Burley, Idaho, at a 25-acre facility. The land in Boardman, Oregon is leased under a lease expiring in 2076. We own the
land in Burley, Idaho. The plants and facilities in Oregon and Idaho comprise our Other production segment. See Business Production
Facilities . Our properties will be subject to deeds of trust and other encumbrances in favor of our lenders. 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 

We are subject to legal proceedings, claims and
litigation arising in the ordinary course of business. While the amounts claimed may be substantial, the ultimate liability cannot presently
be determined because of considerable uncertainties that exist. Therefore, it is possible that the outcome of those legal proceedings,
claims and litigation could adversely affect our quarterly or annual operating results or cash flows when resolved in a future period.
However, based on facts currently available, management believes such matters will not adversely affect in any material respect our financial
position, results of operations or cash flows. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 

Not applicable. 

- 22 - 

PART II 

Item 5. Market For Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 

Market Information 

Our common stock trades on The Nasdaq Capital Market under the symbol
 ALTO . We also have non-voting common stock outstanding, which is convertible into our voting common stock, and which is
not listed on an exchange. 

Security Holders 

As of March 13, 2023, we had 75,144,522 shares of common stock outstanding
held of record by approximately 320 stockholders and 896 shares of non-voting common stock outstanding held of record by one stockholder.
These holders of record include depositories that hold shares of stock for brokerage firms which, in turn, hold shares of stock for numerous
beneficial owners. On March 13, 2023, the closing sales price of our common stock on The Nasdaq Capital Market was 1.865 per share. 

Performance Graph 

The graph below shows a comparison
of the cumulative total stockholder return on our common stock with the cumulative total return on The Nasdaq Composite Index and The
Nasdaq Clean Edge Green Energy Index, or Peer Group, in each case over the five-year period ended December 31, 2022. 

The graph assumes 100 invested
at the indicated starting date in our common stock and in each of The Nasdaq Composite Index and the Peer Group, with the reinvestment
of all dividends. We have not paid or declared any cash dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Stockholder returns over the indicated periods should not be considered indicative of future
stock prices or stockholder returns. This graph assumes that the value of the investment in our common stock and each of the comparison
groups was 100 on December 31, 2017. 

- 23 - 

12/17 
 
 12/18 
 
 12/19 
 
 12/20 
 
 12/21 
 
 12/22 

Alto Ingredients, Inc. 
 100.00 
 
 18.92 
 
 14.29 
 
 119.34 
 
 105.71 
 
 63.30 
 
 Nasdaq Composite 
 100.00 
 
 97.16 
 
 132.81 
 
 192.47 
 
 235.15 
 
 158.65 
 
 Nasdaq Clean Edge Green Energy 
 100.00 
 
 87.89 
 
 125.39 
 
 357.14 
 
 347.70 
 
 242.88 

Dividend Policy 

We have never paid cash dividends
on our common stock and do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future. We anticipate that we will
retain any earnings for use in the continued development of our business. 

- 24 - 

Our current and future debt
financing arrangements may limit or prevent cash distributions from our subsidiaries to us, depending upon the achievement of specified
financial and other operating conditions and our ability to properly service our debt, thereby limiting or preventing us from paying cash
dividends. Further, the holders of our outstanding Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to dividends of 7 per annum, payable quarterly
in arrears. Accrued and unpaid dividends in respect of our Series B Preferred Stock must be paid prior to the payment of any dividends
in respect of shares of our common stock. 

For 2020, we accrued but did
not declare or pay cash dividends under an agreement with the holders of our Series B Preferred Stock in an effort to preserve liquidity.
For 2022, we declared and paid cash dividends on our outstanding shares of Series B Preferred Stock as they became due and, in addition,
in 2021, we paid in cash all accrued and unpaid dividends for 2021 and 2020 in respect of our Series B Preferred Stock. 

Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

On November 7, 2022, we entered
into a credit agreement with certain funds managed by Orion Infrastructure Capital to borrow up to 125,000,000. In connection with that
transaction, we committed to issue to the lenders pro rata an aggregate of 1,282,051 shares of our common stock at the initial funding
and up to an additional 320,513 shares of our common stock based upon certain further fundings under the credit facility. On November
23, 2022, we received our initial funding of 60,000,000 under the credit facility and issued an aggregate of 1,282,051 shares of our
common stock to the lenders. We received no separate consideration for the shares of common stock issued. See Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources Orion Term Loan. 

Exemption from the registration requirements of the Securities Act
for the transaction described above is claimed under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and Rule 506 of Regulation D as promulgated
by the Securities and Exchange Commission under the Securities Act. 

Purchases of Equity
Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

The following table sets
forth information about repurchases of our common stock for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 

Period 
 Total number 
 of shares 
 purchased (1) 
 Average price paid per share 
 Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly- 
announced plans or programs (2) 
 Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under plans or programs (2)(3) 
 
 October 1 to October 31, 2022 

November 1 to November 30, 2022 
 92,000 
 3.51 
 92,000 
 48,675,000 
 
 December 1 to December 31, 2022 

Three months ended December 31, 2022 
 92,000 
 3.51 
 92,000 
 48,675,000 

(1) We repurchased 92,000 shares as part of our publicly announced
share repurchase program during the three months ended December 31, 2022 and received no shares transferred from employees in satisfaction
of minimum statutory tax withholding obligations upon the vesting of restricted stock during the period. 

(2) On September 12, 2022, we announced a share repurchase program
under which we may repurchase up to 50 million of our common stock with an initial purchase authorization of 10 million. Our lenders
have further limited our purchase authorization to 5 million. Amounts in excess of our lenders initial purchase authorization
of 5 million will require additional lender consent and amounts in excess of the initial purchase authorization of 10 million will
require additional board and preferred stockholder authorization. The share repurchase program does not have an expiration date, does
not require the repurchase of any particular amount of shares, and may be implemented, modified, suspended or discontinued in whole or
in part at any time and without further notice. 

(3) Amount represents the share repurchase program size of 50
million less approximately 1.3 million in aggregate share repurchases, but is subject to authorizations for purchases in excess of our
lenders purchase authorization of 5 million and our board and preferred stockholders initial purchase authorization of
 10 million. 

Item 6. [Reserved] 

Not Applicable. 

- 25 - 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

The following discussion
and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements
and notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report. This discussion contains forward-looking statements,
reflecting our plans and objectives that involve risks and uncertainties. Actual results and the timing of events may differ materially
from those contained in these forward-looking statements due to a number of factors, including those discussed in the section entitled
 Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 

Overview 

We are a leading producer and distributor of specialty
alcohols and essential ingredients, and the largest producer of specialty alcohols in the United States. 

We operate five alcohol production facilities.
Three of our production facilities are located in Illinois, one is located in Oregon and another is located in Idaho. We have an annual
alcohol production capacity of 350 million gallons, comprised of 210 million gallons of fuel-grade ethanol and up to 140 million gallons
of specialty alcohols. We market and distribute all of the alcohols produced at our facilities as well as fuel-grade ethanol produced
by third parties. In 2022, we marketed and distributed approximately 420 million gallons combined of our own alcohols as well as fuel-grade
ethanol produced by third parties, and over 1.6 million tons of essential ingredients on a dry matter basis. 

We report our financial and operating performance
in three segments: (1) marketing and distribution, which includes marketing and merchant trading for company-produced alcohols and essential
ingredients on an aggregated basis, and sales of fuel-grade ethanol sourced from third parties, (2) Pekin production, which includes the
production and sale of alcohols and essential ingredients produced at our three production facilities located in Pekin, Illinois, which
we refer to as our Pekin Campus, and (3) Other production, which includes the production and sale of renewable fuel and essential ingredients
produced at all of our other production facilities on an aggregated basis, none of which are individually so significant as to be considered
a separately reportable segment. 

Our mission is to expand our business as a leading
producer and distributor of specialty alcohols and essential ingredients. We intend to accomplish this goal in part by investing in our
specialized and higher value specialty alcohol production and distribution infrastructure, expanding production in high-demand essential
ingredients, expanding and extending the sale of our products into new regional and international markets, building efficiencies and economies
of scale and by capturing a greater portion of the value stream. 

Our wholly-owned subsidiary,
Eagle Alcohol Company LLC, or Eagle Alcohol, specializes in break bulk distribution of specialty alcohols. The company purchases bulk
alcohol from suppliers and then stores, denatures, packages, and resells alcohol products in smaller sizes, including tank trucks, totes,
and drums, that typically garner a premium price to bulk alcohols. Eagle Alcohol delivers products to customers in the beverage, food,
industrial and related-process industries via its own dedicated trucking fleet and common carrier. 

Production Segments 

We produce specialty alcohols, fuel-grade ethanol and essential ingredients,
focusing on four key markets: Health, Home Beauty ; Food Beverage ; Essential Ingredients ; and Renewable
Fuels . Products for the Health, Home Beauty market include specialty alcohols used in mouthwash, cosmetics, pharmaceuticals,
hand sanitizers, disinfectants and cleaners. Products for the Food Beverage markets include grain neutral spirits used in
alcoholic beverages and vinegar as well as corn germ used for corn oils. Products for Essential Ingredients markets include dried
yeast, corn gluten meal, corn gluten feed, corn germ, and distillers grains and liquid feed used in commercial animal feed and pet foods.
We also sell yeast for human consumption. Our Renewable Fuels products include fuel-grade ethanol and distillers corn oil used
as a feedstock for renewable diesel and biodiesel fuels. Our specialty alcohols for the Food Beverage and Health, Home
 Beauty markets represented approximately 10 and 4 , respectively, of our sales in 2022 from our two production segments. 

- 26 - 

We produce our alcohols and essential ingredients
at our production facilities described below. Our production facilities located in Illinois are in the heart of the Corn Belt, benefit
from low-cost and abundant feedstock and enjoy logistical advantages that enable us to provide our products to both domestic and international
markets via truck, rail or barge. Our production facilities located in Oregon and Idaho are near their respective fuel and feed customers,
offering significant timing, transportation cost and logistical advantages. 

Our production facilities were operating for
all of 2022. On January 1, 2023, we temporarily hot-idled our Magic Valley production facility due to extreme natural gas prices,
other unfavorable market conditions and to facilitate the installation of our new high protein systems. As market conditions change, we may increase, decrease or idle production at one or more
operating facilities or resume operations at any idled facility. 

Annual Alcohol Production Capacity (estimated, in gallons) 
 
 Production Facility 
 Location 
 Fuel-Grade Ethanol 
 Specialty Alcohol 
 
 Pekin Campus 
 Pekin, IL 
 110,000,000 
 140,000,000 
 
 Magic Valley 
 Burley, ID 
 60,000,000 

Columbia 
 Boardman, OR 
 40,000,000 

Marketing and Distribution Segment 

We market and distribute all of the alcohols and
essential ingredients we produce at our facilities. We also market and distribute alcohol produced by third parties. 

We have extensive and long-standing customer relationships,
both domestic and international, for our specialty alcohols and essential ingredients. These customers include producers and distributors
of ingredients for cosmetics, sanitizers and related products, distilled spirits producers, food products manufacturers, producers of
personal health/consumer health and personal care hygiene products, and global trading firms. 

Our renewable fuel customers are located throughout
the Western and Midwestern United States and consist of integrated oil companies and gasoline marketers who blend fuel-grade ethanol into
gasoline. Our customers depend on us to provide a reliable supply of fuel-grade ethanol and manage the logistics and timing of delivery.
Our customers collectively require fuel-grade ethanol volumes in excess of the supplies we produce at our facilities. We secure additional
fuel-grade ethanol supplies from third-party ethanol producers. We arrange for transportation, storage and delivery of fuel-grade ethanol
purchased by our customers through our agreements with third-party service providers in the Western United States as well as in the Midwest
from a variety of sources. 

We market our essential ingredient feed products
to dairies and feedlots, in many cases located near our production facilities. These customers use our feed products for livestock as
a substitute for corn and other sources of starch and protein. We sell our corn oil to poultry and biodiesel customers. We do not market
essential ingredients from other producers. 

See Note 5 Segments to our
Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report for financial information about our business segments. 

- 27 - 

Current Initiatives and Outlook 

During the fourth quarter,
and December in particular, extreme commodity price volatility from regional natural gas price spikes, high corn basis costs and a dramatic
decline in fuel-grade ethanol prices negatively impacted our business. These factors outweighed performance in other areas in an already
challenging 2022. Our results for the year demonstrate our need to further mitigate the impact of renewable fuel and commodity price volatility. 

Current fuel-grade ethanol
margins are significantly improved compared to December and January levels and crush margins are positive. Natural gas prices have declined
significantly, and we expect a favorable natural gas market during the coming months. Corn prices, however, remain firm due to tight supplies. 

We continue to focus,
both near- and long-term, on driving margin expansion through a diversified set of revenue streams from a variety of products. We are
increasing production of our highest quality products, including grain neutral spirits, or GNS, corn oil, high protein products and primary
yeast. We are also in advanced stages to begin our carbon capture and sequestration project. Our goals also continue to emphasize strategies
to increase plant efficiency, reliability and capacity by adding corn storage, installing a natural gas pipeline, converting
our biogas to renewable natural gas, building energy cogeneration capabilities at our Pekin Campus, and upgrading other equipment, as
discussed further below. 

As we progressed into
2022, the need to accelerate these initiatives became clear, therefore last November, we entered into a six-year term loan for up to 125
million. We are staging our capital improvement projects and drawing loan proceeds in tranches to minimize carrying costs while maximizing
return. We spent 12.5 million in the fourth quarter and 37.7 million for all of 2022 on our capital improvement projects. Our efforts
will position us to add substantial additional streams of earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or EBITDA, to
our business, all of which will increase under an improved operating environment. We expect additional annualized EBITDA of 65 million
from current projects by the end of 2025 and total additional annualized EBITDA of 125 million in 2026 when our carbon capture and sequestration,
cogeneration and other current initiatives are fully realized. 

In 2020, we began expanding
our high-quality alcohol production and production capacity. In 2021, we refurbished our 20 million gallon per year GNS distillation system
at our Pekin Campus wet mill. We raised the quality of our specialty alcohol, earning certifications to attract the most demanding customers
in the pharmaceutical industry. In 2022, we further upgraded our GNS system to produce the highest quality beverage-grade product available
on the market. With these improvements, we are introducing new high-quality 190 proof and low-moisture 200-proof GNS products to our existing
and target customers in the beverage, food, flavor, personal care and pharmaceutical industries. We are working with customers to qualify
these new products in preparation for our annual fall contracting period and expect to generate additional annualized EBITDA of 5 million
from the products starting in 2024. In early 2022, we also added break bulk and distribution capabilities by acquiring Eagle Alcohol.
Eagle Alcohol s team has provided valuable advice on high-quality alcohol production and distribution, enabling tote and drum packaging
and distribution while building customer relationships for our specialty alcohols. We anticipate future synergies with Eagle Alcohol s
business and our new GNS products. 

In the fourth quarter,
natural gas prices increased significantly in the Western region, spiking 400 in December, compared to third quarter prices. In response,
we moderated production at our Columbia plant in Boardman, Oregon and temporarily hot-idled our Magic Valley, Idaho facility. We used
the opportunity to focus on completing the installation of Harvesting Technology s patented CoPromax TM system at
our Magic Valley plant to extract corn oil and produce enhanced protein. 

The CoPromax
installation project consists of two phases. The first phase corn oil extraction was commissioned in October and
corn oil production has increased by approximately 40 in pounds per bushel. When combined with the enhanced protein system, we
expect corn oil production to ultimately increase by 50 or more in pounds per bushel and generate additional annualized EBITDA of
 4.5 million based on current market prices. Given these positive results, we plan to install corn oil extraction technologies at
our three other dry mills. Although our other dry mills have somewhat different capacities, on average we expect to produce
financial results similar to those of Magic Valley, ultimately generating additional annualized EBITDA of 13.5 million, for total
additional annualized EBITDA of 18.0 million from corn oil extraction technologies at all four of our dry mills. 

The second phase of the
Magic Valley system separating and producing enhanced protein is on schedule to reach full production in the third quarter
of 2023, achieving or exceeding 52 protein content and generating additional annualized EBITDA of 4.5 million based on current market
prices. Once the system is fully operational and tested, we will evaluate additional deployments at our other plants. 

We intend to commercially
develop primary yeast through an aerobic fermentation process at our wet mill. Extending our brand along the value chain is a natural
progression to other markets that demand higher product quality and offer increased margins, including for flavors, nutraceuticals, and
baking and meat substitutes. Although primary yeast production requires a different process and serves a different market, many existing
as well as prospective customers have for years expressed interest in a primary yeast product. Having successfully completed product trials,
we are in the advanced stages of selecting an engineering and design group to finalize our plans. Our preliminary analysis indicates that
our primary yeast product would contribute additional annualized EBITDA of approximately 19 million in the first twelve months of production,
rising to approximately 25 million annually thereafter. Construction could begin in late 2023 or early 2024 with a completion date of
mid-2025. 

The outlook for carbon
capture and sequestration at our Pekin Campus changed markedly under the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, which increased the price of
carbon to 85 per metric ton for twelve years, significantly strengthening project economics. Our Pekin Campus has an annual capacity
of approximately 700,000 metric tons of carbon. In addition, competition for offtake agreements has dramatically lowered project operating
costs. Our analysis shows significant potential benefits. We are in advanced negotiations to provide turnkey transportation, sequestration
and monitoring services for the project. In addition, we are in the final stages of selecting engineering services for the design and
installation of equipment and technologies to meet the capture, compression and energy requirements of the project. We believe that, beginning
in 2026, the project will contribute additional annualized EBITDA of over 30 million based solely on the 45Q tax incentive benefits under
the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022. Also, by sequestering the carbon dioxide from our Pekin Campus, we expect to materially reduce our
carbon footprint enabling us to monetize additional value from the alcohol and essential ingredients we produce. 

- 28 - 

We are doubling our corn
storage capacity at our Pekin Campus to increase our corn-buying flexibility and reduce the need to purchase product at premium prices
when farmers and elevators are less inclined to ship corn, including during holidays, unfavorable weather conditions, or due to supply
chain and other logistical constraints. In addition to reducing the cost of delivered corn, this new storage capacity will lower the cost
of silo cleaning and increase our operating reliability at the site. The corn storage silo is undergoing conditioning and we expect completion
in the first quarter and full operation in the second quarter, conservatively generating additional annualized EBITDA of 1.6 million
in the first year and additional annualized EBITDA of 2.0 million thereafter. 

Consistent with our sustainability
efforts, we examined alternatives to improve energy procurement and usage. We made significant progress in planning the installation of
a new natural gas pipeline to bypass our current utility at our Pekin Campus. When fully operational, which we expect in 2024, the pipeline
would reduce our energy costs by 3.0 million annually. The line would also help fulfill our increased energy needs associated with our
numerous growth initiatives, including primary yeast production and carbon capture and sequestration. The new gas pipeline would also
lower our carbon score. We currently produce approximately 250,000 MMTBUs annually in biogas, enough energy to heat 2,300 homes for a
full year. Presently, most of our biogas is flared. We believe that once converted to renewable natural gas, we could use the natural
gas pipeline to monetize the value of this current waste stream and produce renewable natural gas, generating additional annualized EBITDA
of 3.0 million. We are also in the late stages of a third-party study on cogeneration at our Pekin Campus to meet our combined energy
requirements for carbon capture and sequestration and our goals of lowering our carbon score and increasing our plant efficiencies. Based
on our preliminary analysis, we expect cogeneration at our Pekin Campus to contribute additional annualized EBITDA of 15.0 million based
on current energy prices and an expected completion date in late 2025 or early 2026. 

We expect to maintain
or grow our contracted volumes of specialty alcohols for 2023 with our existing customer base. We also expect to add new accounts in the
beverage category, particularly in 2024, driven by our improved GNS production system at our Pekin Campus. While we are unable to forecast
fuel-grade ethanol margins for 2023, we expect to benefit from additional EBITDA of 10.0 million in 2023 from already completed capital
projects and projects that we will complete this year. In addition, with our accelerated investments made possible through funding from
our new term loan, we expect to almost double our annualized EBITDA by year-end 2025 compared to our average EBITDA over the past three
years and nearly double our annualized EBITDA again when our current projects are fully operational by year-end 2026. 

We continue to execute
on our business transformation plans and focus on the future. We believe that recent extreme commodity price fluctuations are cyclical
and will pass. To reduce their impact, we are diversifying our revenue streams and working to increase plant efficiency, reliability and capacity. 

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

Management believes that
certain financial measures not in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, or GAAP, are useful measures of operations.
Management provides EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA as non-GAAP financial measures so that investors will have the same financial information
that management uses, which may assist investors in properly assessing our performance on a period-over-period basis. We define Adjusted
EBITDA as unaudited consolidated net income (loss) before interest expense, interest income, provision for income taxes, asset impairments,
loss on extinguishment of debt, acquisition-related expense, fair value adjustments, and depreciation and amortization expense. A table
is provided below to reconcile Adjusted EBITDA to its most directly comparable GAAP measure, consolidated net income (loss). EBITDA and
Adjusted EBITDA are not measures of financial performance under GAAP and should not be considered as alternatives to consolidated net
income (loss) or any other measure of performance under GAAP, or to cash flows from operating, investing or financing activities as an
indicator of cash flows or as a measure of liquidity. EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA have limitations as analytical tools and you should not
consider these measures in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. 

Information reconciling
forward-looking EBITDA to forward-looking consolidated net income (loss) would require a forward-looking statement of consolidated net
income (loss) prepared in accordance with GAAP, which is unavailable to us without unreasonable effort. We are not able to provide a quantitative
reconciliation of forward-looking EBITDA to forward-looking consolidated net income (loss) because certain items required for reconciliation
are uncertain, outside of our control and/or cannot reasonably be predicted, such as net sales, cost of goods sold, provision (benefit)
for income taxes and asset impairments, which we view as the most material components of consolidated net income (loss) that are not presently
estimable. 

Reconciliation of Adjusted
EBITDA to Consolidated Net Income (Loss) 

Years Ended December 31, 
 
 (in thousands) (unaudited) 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 Consolidated net income (loss) 
 (41,597 
 46,082 
 
 Adjustments: 

Interest expense, net 
 1,827 
 3,587 
 
 Interest income 
 (510 
 (730 
 
 Asset impairments 
 
 3,100 
 
 Acquisition-related expense 
 3,500 

Provision for income taxes 
 1,925 
 1,469 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense 
 25,095 
 23,292 
 
 Total adjustments 
 31,837 
 30,718 
 
 Adjusted EBITDA 
 (9,760 
 76,800 

- 29 - 

2022 Financial Performance
Summary 

Our consolidated net sales increased by 0.1 billion
to 1.3 billion for 2022 from 1.2 billion for 2021. Our net income available to common stockholders declined by 87.1 million to a loss
of 42.9 million for 2022 from income of 44.2 million for 2021. 

Factors that contributed to these results of operations
for 2022 include: 

Net sales . Our net sales increased by 0.1 billion to 1.3 billion for 2022 from 1.2 billion for 2021 due to an increase in
our average sales price per gallon and additional tons of essential ingredients sold at higher prices. These factors were partially offset
by fewer total alcohol gallons sold in 2022. 

o Our average sales price per gallon increased by 0.18, or 7 , to 2.64 for 2022 from 2.46 for 2021. The increase was primarily driven
by higher fuel-grade ethanol prices in 2022 largely due to higher oil and gas prices. 

o Our total gallons sold declined by 61 million gallons, or 13 , to 419 million gallons for 2022 from 480 million gallons for 2021. 

Our fuel-grade ethanol production sales volume increased by 48 million gallons, or 30 , to 209 million gallons for 2022 from 161 million
gallons for 2021, primarily from additional production in 2022 as all of our fuel-grade ethanol production facilities were operating near
full capacity for the year. 

Our specialty alcohol production sales volume increased by 3 million gallons, or 3 , to 93 million gallons for 2022 from 90 million
gallons for 2021 due to an increase in our contracted sales of specialty alcohols for the year. 

Our third-party sales volume declined by 111 million gallons, or 48 , to 118 million gallons for 2022 from 229 million gallons for
2021. As we did in 2021, we continued to intentionally reduce sales of third-party fuel-grade ethanol to focus on sales of inventory from
our own production in 2022. 

o Our volume of essential ingredients sold increased by 401 tons, or 32 , to 1,637 tons for 2022 from 1,236 tons for 2021 primarily
due to higher fuel-grade ethanol production. Our average sales price for our essential ingredients increased primarily due to higher corn
prices. 

Gross Profit (Loss) . Our gross profit declined by 95.3 million to a gross loss of 27.5 million for 2022 from gross profit
of 67.8 million for 2021 due to extreme commodity price volatility, including regional natural gas price spikes, high corn basis costs
and a dramatic decline in fuel-grade ethanol prices, particularly in the fourth quarter. In addition, we experienced an extended shut down for maintenance over the summer of 2022 at our
Pekin Campus and logistical constraints
and rail interruptions in the third quarter resulting in plant outages in excess of six days at our Western plants. 

Sales and Margins 

We generate sales by marketing
all of the alcohols produced by our three production facilities in Illinois, all of the fuel-grade ethanol produced by our production
facility in Oregon, all of the fuel-grade ethanol produced by our production facility in Idaho, and fuel-grade ethanol purchased from
third-party suppliers throughout the United States. We also market essential ingredients produced by our production facilities, including
dried yeast, corn gluten meal, corn gluten feed, corn germ, and distillers grains and liquid feed used in commercial animal feed and pet
foods. We also sell yeast for human consumption. 

Our profitability is highly
dependent on various commodity prices, including the market prices of corn, natural gas and fuel-grade ethanol. 

Our consolidated average alcohol
sales price increased by 7 to 2.64 per gallon for 2022 compared to 2.46 per gallon for 2021. The average price of fuel-grade ethanol
as reported by the Chicago Board of Options Trade, or CBOT, increased 2 to 2.16 per gallon for 2022 compared to 2.11 per gallon for
2021. Our average delivered cost of corn increased 25 to 7.77 per bushel for 2022 from 6.22 per bushel for 2021. The average price
of corn as reported by the CBOT increased 22 to 6.94 per bushel for 2022 from 5.67 per bushel for 2021. 

We believe that our gross
profit margins depend primarily on six key factors: 

the prices of our specialty alcohols and the market price of fuel-grade ethanol, the latter of which is
impacted by the price of gasoline and related petroleum products, and government regulation, including government ethanol mandates; 

the market prices of key production input commodities, including corn (and
corn basis) and natural gas; 

the prices of our essential ingredients; 

our ability to anticipate trends in the prices of our alcohols, essential ingredients, and key input commodities,
and our ability to implement appropriate risk management and opportunistic pricing strategies; 

- 30 - 

the proportion of our sales of specialty alcohols to our sales of fuel-grade ethanol produced at our facilities;
and 

the proportion of our sales of fuel-grade ethanol produced at our facilities to our sales of fuel-grade
ethanol produced by unrelated third-parties. 

We seek to optimize our gross
profit margins by anticipating the factors above and, when resources are available, implementing hedging transactions and taking other
actions designed to limit risk and address these factors. For example, we may seek to reduce inventory levels in anticipation of declining
alcohol or essential ingredient prices and increase production and inventory levels in anticipation of rising alcohol or essential ingredient
prices. We may also seek to alter our proportion or timing, or both, of purchase and sales commitments. 

Our inability to anticipate
the factors described above or their relative importance, and adverse movements in the factors themselves, could result in declining or
even negative gross profit margins over certain periods of time. Our ability to anticipate these factors or favorable movements in these
factors may enable us to generate above-average gross profit margins. However, given the difficulty associated with successfully forecasting
any of these factors, we are unable to estimate our future gross profit margins. 

Results of Operations 

Selected Financial
Information 

The following selected financial
information should be read in conjunction with our consolidated financial statements and notes to our consolidated financial statements
included elsewhere in this report, and the other sections of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition
and Results of Operations contained in this report. 

Certain performance metrics
that we believe are important indicators of our results of operations include: 

Years Ended December 31, 
 Percentage Change 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2022 
vs 
 2021 
 2021 
vs 
2020 
 
 Renewable fuel production gallons sold (in millions) 
 208.5 
 161.1 
 181.0 
 29.5 
 (11.0 
 
 Specialty alcohol production gallons sold (in millions) 
 92.5 
 89.5 
 90.9 
 3.4 
 (1.5 
 
 Third-party renewable fuel gallons sold (in millions) 
 117.9 
 229.0 
 264.4 
 (48.5 
 (13.4 
 
 Total gallons sold (in millions) 
 418.9 
 479.6 
 536.3 
 (12.7 
 (10.6 

Total gallons produced (in millions) 
 300.0 
 251.7 
 262.1 
 19.2 
 (4.0 

Production capacity utilization 
 86 
 60 
 53 
 43.3 
 13.2 

Average sales price per gallon 
 2.64 
 2.46 
 1.63 
 7.3 
 50.9 

Corn cost per bushel CBOT equivalent 
 6.92 
 5.70 
 3.56 
 21.4 
 60.1 
 
 Average
basis (1) 
 0.85 
 0.52 
 0.28 
 63.5 
 85.7 
 
 Delivered cost of corn 
 7.77 
 6.22 
 3.84 
 24.9 
 62.0 

Total essential ingredients tons sold (in thousands) 
 1,637.4 
 1,236.2 
 1,447.5 
 32.5 
 (14.6 

Essential
 ingredient revenues as of delivered cost of corn (2) 
 33.8 
 33.7 
 44.1 
 0.3 
 (23.6 

Average CBOT ethanol price per gallon 
 2.16 
 2.11 
 1.25 
 2.4 
 68.8 
 
 Average CBOT corn price per bushel 
 6.94 
 5.67 
 3.63 
 22.4 
 56.2 

(1) Corn basis represents the difference between the immediate
cash price of delivered corn and the future price of corn for Chicago delivery. 

(2) Essential ingredient revenues as a percentage of delivered
cost of corn shows our yield based on sales of essential ingredients, including WDG and corn oil, generated from ethanol we produced. 

- 31 - 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to the Year
Ended December 31, 2021 

Results as a Percentage 

Dollar 
 Percentage 
 of Net Sales for the 

Years Ended 
 Change 
 Change 
 Years Ended 

December 31, 
 Favorable 
 Favorable 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 (Unfavorable) 
 (Unfavorable) 
 2022 
 2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Net sales 
 1,335,621 
 1,207,892 
 127,729 
 10.6 
 100.0 
 100.0 
 
 Cost of goods sold 
 1,363,171 
 1,140,108 
 223,063 
 19.6 
 102.1 
 94.4 
 
 Gross profit (loss) 
 (27,550 
 67,784 
 (95,334 
 NM 
 (2.1 
 5.6 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses 
 (31,579 
 (29,185 
 (2,394 
 (8.2 
 (2.4 
 (2.4 
 
 Gain (loss) on sale (disposal) of assets 
 (2,230 
 4,571 
 (6,801 
 NM 
 (0.2 
 0.4 
 
 Asset impairments 
 
 (3,100 
 3,100 
 100.0 
 
 (0.3 
 
 Income (loss) from operations 
 (61,359 
 40,070 
 (101,429 
 NM 
 (4.6 
 3.3 
 
 Income from cash grant 
 22,652 
 
 22,652 
 NM 
 1.7 

Income from loan forgiveness 
 
 9,860 
 (9,860 
 (100.0 
 
 0.8 
 
 Interest expense, net 
 (1,827 
 (3,587 
 1,760 
 49.1 
 (0.1 
 (0.3 
 
 Other income, net 
 862 
 1,208 
 (346 
 (28.6 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 
 Income (loss) before income taxes 
 (39,672 
 47,551 
 (87,223 
 NM 
 (3.0 
 3.9 
 
 Provision (benefit) for income taxes 
 1,925 
 1,469 
 (456 
 (31.0 
 0.1 
 0.1 
 
 Consolidated net income (loss) 
 (41,597 
 46,082 
 (87,679 
 NM 
 (3.1 
 3.8 
 
 Preferred stock dividends 
 (1,265 
 (1,265 

(0.1 
 (0.1 
 
 Income allocated to participating securities 
 
 (600 
 600 
 100.0 
 
 (0.0 
 
 Income (loss) available to common stockholders 
 (42,862 
 44,217 
 (87,079 
 NM 
 (3.2 
 3.7 

Not meaningful. 

Net Sales 

The increase in our consolidated
net sales for 2022 as compared to 2021 was primarily due to an increase in our average sales price per gallon for our alcohols and a higher
volume of essential ingredients sold at higher sales prices per ton, partially offset by a decrease in our total gallons sold. Our average
sales price per gallon increased primarily due to higher fuel-grade ethanol prices largely driven by higher oil and gas prices. We sold
more tons of essential ingredients primarily due to higher fuel-grade ethanol production in 2022 compared to 2021. Our average sales price
for our essential ingredients increased primarily due to higher corn prices. As we did in 2021, we continued to intentionally reduce sales
of third-party fuel-grade ethanol to focus on sales of inventory from our own production in 2022. 

Pekin Campus Production Segment 

Net sales of alcohol from our
Pekin Campus production segment increased by 23.1 million, or 5 , to 521.3 million for 2022 as compared to 498.2 million for 2021.
Our total volume of production gallons sold, however, decreased by 11.9 million gallons, or 6 , to 201.1 million gallons for 2022 as compared
to 213.0 million gallons for 2021, due to an extended shut down for maintenance over the summer of 2022. At the segment s average
sales price per gallon of 2.59 for 2022, we generated 30.8 million less in net sales from the segment because of the 11.9 million fewer
gallons of alcohol sold in 2022 as compared to 2021. However, an increase of 0.25, or 11 , in the segment s average sales price
per gallon in 2022 as compared to 2021 resulted in a 53.9 million increase in net sales from the segment as compared to 2021. 

- 32 - 

Net sales of essential ingredients
increased by 36.3 million, or 19 , to 225.8 million for 2022 as compared to 189.5 million for 2021. Our total volume of essential ingredients
sold decreased by 24,000 tons, or 3 , to 851,500 tons for 2022 from 875,100 tons for 2021, also due to the above mentioned maintenance
work. At our average sales price per ton of 265.26 for 2022, we generated 6.3 million less in net sales from the 24,000 fewer tons of
essential ingredients sold in 2022 as compared to 2021. An increase of 48.68, or 23 , in our average sales price per ton in 2022 as compared
to 2021 resulted in a 42.6 million increase in net sales from the segment compared to 2021. 

Marketing and Distribution
Segment 

Net sales of fuel-grade ethanol from our marketing
and distribution segment, excluding intersegment sales, decreased by 152.3 million, or 40 , to 228.9 million for 2022 as compared to
 381.2 million for 2021. 

Our volume of third-party fuel-grade ethanol gallons
sold reported gross by the segment decreased by 60.4 million gallons, or 43 , to 80.5 million gallons for 2022 as compared to 140.9 million
gallons for 2021. This decline is the result of our continued strategic analysis to focus our sales of third-party gallons to certain
regions in which we operate. At the segment s average sales price per gallon of 2.83 for 2022, net sales were 170.8 million lower
as a result of the 60.4 million fewer gallons sold in 2022 as compared to 2021. This decline was partially offset by the 0.13 increase
in our sales price per gallon for 2022. An increase of 0.13, or 5 , in our average sales price per gallon in 2022 as compared to 2021
resulted in a 19.0 million increase in net sales from our third party fuel-grade ethanol gallons sold by the segment compared to 2021. 

Our volume of third-party fuel-grade
ethanol gallons sold reported net by the segment decreased by 50.7 million gallons, or 58 , to 37.4 million gallons for 2022 as compared
to 88.1 million gallons for 2021. The decrease in sales reported net resulted in a decrease of 0.5 million in net sales. 

Other Production Segment 

Net sales of alcohol from our
Other production segment increased by 145.7 million, or 135 , to 253.6 million for 2022 as compared to 107.9 million for 2021. Our
total volume of gallons sold increased by 54.7 million gallons, or 145 , to 92.3 million gallons for 2022 as compared to 37.6 million
gallons for 2021. At the segment s average sales price per gallon of 2.75 for 2022, net sales were 150.3 million higher as a result
of the 54.7 million additional gallons sold in 2022 as compared to 2021. This increase was partially offset by a 0.12 reduction in our
sales price per gallon for 2022. A decrease of 0.12, or 5 , in our average sales price per gallon in 2022 as compared to 2021 resulted
in a 4.6 million decrease in net sales of alcohol from the segment compared to 2021. 

- 33 - 

Net sales of essential ingredients increased by
 59.1 million, or 190 , to 90.2 million for 2022 as compared to 31.1 million for 2021. Our total volume of essential ingredients sold
increased by 424,900 tons, or 118 , to 785,900 tons for 2022 from 361,000 tons for 2021. At our average sales price per ton of 114.78
for 2022, net sales were 48.8 million higher as a result of the 424,900 additional tons sold in 2022 as compared to 2021. In addition,
our sales price increased 28.78 per gallon for 2022. An increase of 28.78, or 34 , in our average sales price per ton in 2022 as compared
to 2021 resulted in an increase of 10.3 million in net sales of essential ingredients from the segment compared to 2021. 

Net sales from our Corporate and other segment
increased by 15.8 million due to sales from Eagle Alcohol. 

Cost of Goods Sold and Gross Profit (Loss) 

Our consolidated gross profit (loss) declined from
a gross profit of 67.8 million, representing a gross margin of 5.6 , for 2021, to a gross loss of 27.6 million, representing a gross
margin of negative 2.1 , for 2022. Our consolidated gross profit declined due to extreme commodity price volatility, including regional
natural gas price spikes, high corn basis costs and a dramatic decline in fuel-grade ethanol prices, particularly in the fourth quarter.
In addition, we experienced an extended shut down for maintenance over the summer of 2022 at our
Pekin Campus and logistical constraints and rail interruptions in the third quarter resulting in plant outages in excess of
six days at our Western plants. 

Pekin Campus Production Segment 

Our Pekin Campus production segment s gross
profit declined by 76.2 million to a gross loss of 22.2 million for 2022 from a gross profit of 54.0 million for 2021. Of this decline,
 74.7 million is attributable to lower margins primarily due to higher corn costs and 1.5 million is attributable to increased sales
volumes at negative margins in 2022 as compared to 2021. 

Marketing and Distribution Segment 

Our marketing and distribution segment s
gross profit declined by 11.2 million to a gross loss of 0.4 million for 2022 from a gross profit of 10.8 million for 2021. Of this
decrease, 11.6 million is attributable to lower margins from sales of third-party fuel-grade ethanol primarily due to higher fuel-grade
ethanol delivery costs, partially offset by 0.4 million attributable to lower marketing volumes of third-party fuel-grade ethanol sold
at negative margins in 2022 as compared to 2021. 

Other Production Segment 

Our Other production segment s gross profit
declined by 12.0 million to a gross loss of 9.0 million for 2022 as compared to a gross profit of 3.0 million for 2021. Of this decline,
 6.3 million is attributable to a lower margin environment for fuel-grade ethanol primarily due to higher natural gas, corn and fuel-grade
ethanol delivery costs and 5.7 million is attributable to higher sales volumes at negative margins in 2022 as compared to 2021. 

Gross profit from our Corporate and other segment
increased by 4.0 million due to sales from Eagle Alcohol. 

Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 

Our selling, general and administrative, or SG A,
expenses increased 2.4 million to 31.6 million for 2022 as compared to 29.2 million for the same period in 2021. SG A expenses
increased primarily due to an acquisition-related accrual of 3.5 million for 2022 for future cash payments attributable to our acquisition
of Eagle Alcohol. 

- 34 - 

Income from Cash Grant 

We applied for and received 22.7
million in cash from the USDA s Biofuel Producer Program. The program was created as part of the CARES Act in 2020, which allocated
 700 million to support biofuel producers who experienced market losses due to the pandemic. We are neither required to repay the grant
nor will it recur in the future. 

Interest Expense, net 

Interest expense, net, decreased
by 1.8 million to 1.8 million for 2022 from 3.6 million for 2021. The decrease in interest expense, net, is primarily due to our repayment
of debt in 2021 and a lower average debt balance throughout 2022. 

Year Ended December 31, 2021, Compared to
the Year Ended December 31, 2020 

An analysis of our financial results comparing
2021 to 2020 can be found under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
in Part II, Item 7 in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, filed with the Securities and Exchange
Commission on March 15, 2022, which is available free of charge on the Securities and Exchange Commission s website at www.sec.gov. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, we funded
our operations primarily from cash flow from operations, cash proceeds from a USDA grant, proceeds from payments on notes receivable,
and proceeds from a term loan. A portion of these funds was also used to acquire Eagle Alcohol, pay down our Kinergy line of credit and
fund capital improvements to our property and equipment. As of December 31, 2022, we had 36.5 million in cash and cash equivalents and
 57.9 million available for borrowing under Kinergy s operating line of credit. In addition, we have 40.0 million available for
capital improvement projects under our term loan. We believe we have sufficient liquidity to meet our anticipated working capital, debt
service, capital expenditure and other liquidity needs for at least the next twelve months from the date of this report. 

Quantitative Year-End Liquidity
Status 

We believe that the following
amounts provide insight into our liquidity and capital resources. The following selected financial information should be read in conjunction
with our consolidated financial statements and notes to consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this report, and the other
sections of Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations contained in this
report (dollars in thousands). 

- 35 - 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 
 Change 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 36,456 
 50,612 
 (28.0 
 
 Current assets 
 199,121 
 229,526 
 (13.2 
 
 Property and equipment, net 
 239,069 
 222,550 
 7.4 
 
 Current liabilities 
 78,017 
 69,602 
 12.1 
 
 Long-term debt, noncurrent portion 
 68,356 
 50,361 
 35.7 
 
 Working capital 
 121,104 
 159,924 
 (24.3 
 
 Working capital ratio 
 2.55 
 3.30 
 (22.7 

Restricted Net Assets 

At December 31, 2022, we had approximately 69.3
million of net assets at our subsidiaries that were not available to be transferred to Alto Ingredients, Inc. in the form of dividends,
distributions, loans or advances due to restrictions contained in the credit facilities of the subsidiaries. 

Changes in Working Capital and Cash Flows 

Working capital declined to 121.1 million at December
31, 2022, from 159.9 million at December 31, 2021, as a result of a 30.4 million decrease in current assets and an 8.4 million increase
in current liabilities. 

Current assets decreased primarily due to decreases
in accounts receivable, cash and equivalents, inventories and derivative instruments due to changes in volumes and commodity prices. 

Our current liabilities increased primarily due
to an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses due to the timing of payments. 

Our cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash
decreased by 12.6 million due to 37.7 million used in our investing activities, partially offset by 19.0 million in cash provided by
our financing activities and 6.0 million in cash provided by our operating activities. 

Cash provided by our Operating Activities 

We generated 6.0 million in cash from our operating
activities during 2022, as compared to 26.8 million in 2021. Specific factors that contributed significantly to the change in cash generated
by our operating activities include: 

a decrease in net income of 87.7 million primarily due to lower margins resulting from higher corn and delivery costs; and 

a decrease in other assets of 31.3 million from 2021 due to sales of plant assets. 

These amounts were partially offset by: 

an increase related to accounts receivable balances of 67.5 million, primarily due to the timing of payments and higher product sales
prices; and 

a decrease related to accounts payable and accrued expenses of 7.3 million, due to lower third-party volumes. 

- 36 - 

Cash used in our Investing Activities 

We used 37.7 million of cash for investing activities
for 2022, of which 37.8 million is attributable to additions to property and equipment resulting from our capital improvement projects
and 14.7 million is attributable to cash paid to acquire Eagle Alcohol, partially offset by proceeds of 14.8 million from principal
payments on our notes receivable. 

Cash provided by our Financing Activities 

Cash provided by our financing activities was 19.0
million for 2022, of which 59.1 million is attributable to net proceeds from our term loan, partially offset by 32.3 million in paydowns
on Kinergy s line of credit, 5.2 million in debt issuance costs, 1.3 million in stock repurchases and 1.3 million of preferred
stock dividends. 

Kinergy s Operating Line of Credit 

Kinergy maintains an operating line of credit for
an aggregate amount of up to 100.0 million. The credit facility matures on November 7, 2027. Interest accrues under the credit facility
at a rate equal to (i) the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate, plus (ii) a specified applicable margin ranging from 1.25 to
1.75 . The credit facility s monthly unused line fee is 0.25 to 0.375 of the amount by which the maximum credit under the facility
exceeds the average daily principal balance during the immediately preceding month. Payments that may be made by Kinergy to Alto Ingredients,
Inc. as reimbursement for management and other services provided by Alto Ingredients, Inc. to Kinergy are limited under the terms of the
credit facility to 1.5 million per fiscal quarter. The credit facility also includes the accounts receivable of our indirect wholly-owned
subsidiary, Alto Nutrients, LLC, or Alto Nutrients, as additional collateral. Payments that may be made by Alto Nutrients to Alto Ingredients,
Inc. as reimbursement for management and other services provided by Alto Ingredients, Inc. to Alto Nutrients are limited under the terms
of the credit facility to 0.5 million per fiscal quarter. Alto Nutrients markets our essential ingredients and also provides raw material
procurement services to our subsidiaries. In addition, the amount of cash distributions that Kinergy or Alto Nutrients may make to us
is also limited to up to 75 of excess cash flow. 

For all monthly periods in which excess borrowing
availability falls below a specified level, Kinergy and Alto Nutrients must collectively maintain a fixed-charge coverage ratio (calculated
as a twelve-month rolling earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization divided by the sum of interest expense, capital
expenditures, principal payments of indebtedness, indebtedness from capital leases and taxes paid during such twelve-month rolling period)
of at least 1.1 and are prohibited from incurring certain additional indebtedness (other than specific intercompany indebtedness). The
obligations of Kinergy and Alto Nutrients under the credit facility are secured by all of our tangible and intangible assets. 

We believe Kinergy and Alto Nutrients are in compliance
with the fixed-charge coverage ratio covenant as of the filing of this report. The following table sets forth the fixed-charge coverage
ratio financial covenant and the actual results for the periods presented: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Fixed Charge Coverage Ratio Requirement 
 1.10 
 2.00 
 
 Actual 
 3.54 
 13.32 
 
 Excess 
 2.44 
 11.32 

Alto Ingredients, Inc. has
guaranteed all of Kinergy s obligations under the credit facility. As of December 31, 2022, Kinergy had an outstanding balance of
 18.1 million and 57.9 million of unused borrowing availability under the credit facility. 

- 37 - 

Orion Term Loan 

On November 7, 2022, we entered into a credit agreement
with certain funds managed by Orion Infrastructure Capital, or Lenders, under which the Lenders extended a senior secured credit facility
in the amount of up to 125,000,000, or Term Loan. The Term Loan is secured by a first priority lien on certain of our assets and a second
priority lien on certain assets of Kinergy and Alto Nutrients. 

The Lenders agreed to advance to us up to 100,000,000,
with up to an additional 25,000,000 upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. We committed to issue to the Lenders pro rata an aggregate
of 1,282,051 shares of our common stock at the initial funding and up to an additional 320,513 shares of our common stock based upon certain
further fundings under the credit facility. On November 23, 2022, we received our initial funding of 60,000,000 under the credit facility
and issued an aggregate of 1,282,051 shares of our common stock to the Lenders. We received no separate consideration for the shares of
common stock issued. 

Interest accrues on the unpaid principal amount
of the Term Loan at a fixed rate of 10 per annum. The Term Loan matures on November 7, 2028, or earlier upon acceleration. 

We must prepay amounts outstanding under the Term
Loan on a semi-annual basis beginning with the six-month period ending December 31, 2023 in an amount equal to a percentage of our excess
cash flow based on a specified leverage ratio, as follows: (i) if our leverage ratio is greater than or equal to 3.0x, then the mandatory
prepayment amount will equal 100 of our excess cash flow, (ii) if our leverage ratio is less than 3.0x and greater than or equal to 1.5x,
then the mandatory prepayment amount will equal 50 of our excess cash flow, and (iii) if our leverage ratio is less than 1.5x, then the
mandatory prepayment amount will equal 25 of our excess cash flow. 

As of December 31, 2022, the amount outstanding
under the Term Loan was 60,000,000. 

Share Repurchase Program 

For the three months ended December
31, 2022, we repurchased 92,000 shares of our common stock as part of our publicly announced share repurchase program at an average price
per share of 3.51 for an aggregate expenditure of 0.3 million during the period. See Item 5 Market For Registrant s
Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers. 

For the year ended December 31,
2022, we repurchased 351,000 shares of our common stock as part of our publicly announced share repurchase program at an average price
per share of 3.77 for an aggregate expenditure of 1.3 million during the period. 

Other Cash Obligations 

As of December 31, 2022, we had
future commitments for certain capital projects totaling 21.0 million. These commitments are scheduled to be satisfied through 2023. 

In connection with our acquisition
of Eagle Alcohol, we committed to contingent payments of up to 9.0 million in cash over the next three years if certain targets are met. 

- 38 - 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 

Our discussion and analysis of
our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. The preparation of these financial statements requires
us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and
liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amount of net sales and expenses for each period. The following represents
a summary of our critical accounting policies and related estimates, defined as those policies that we believe are the most important
to the portrayal of our financial condition and results of operations and that require management s most difficult, subjective or
complex judgments, often as a result of the need to make estimates about the effects of matters that are inherently uncertain. 

Accounting for Business
Combinations 

Determining the fair value of
assets acquired and liabilities assumed in a business combination is considered a critical accounting estimate because the allocation
of the purchase price to assets acquired and liabilities assumed based upon fair values requires significant management judgment and the
use of subjective measurements. Variability in industry conditions and changes in assumptions or subjective measurements used to allocate
fair value are reasonably possible and may have a material impact on our financial position, liquidity or results of operations. 

Revenue Recognition 

We recognize revenue primarily
from sales of alcohols and essential ingredients. 

We have five alcohol production facilities from
which we produce and sell alcohols to our customers through our subsidiary, Kinergy. Kinergy enters into sales contracts with customers
under exclusive intercompany sales agreements with each of our five production facilities. Kinergy also acts as a principal when it purchases
third party fuel-grade ethanol which it resells to its customers. Finally, Kinergy has an exclusive sales agreement with a third-party
owned fuel-grade ethanol plant under which it sells the plant s fuel-grade ethanol production for a fee plus the costs to deliver
the ethanol to Kinergy s customers. These sales are referred to as third-party agent sales. Revenue from these third-party agent
sales is recorded on a net basis, with Kinergy recognizing its predetermined fees and any associated delivery costs. 

We have five production facilities
from which we produce and sell essential ingredients to our customers through our subsidiary, Alto Nutrients. Alto Nutrients enters into
sales contracts with essential ingredient customers under exclusive intercompany sales agreements with each of our five production facilities. 

We recognize revenue from sales of alcohols and
essential ingredients at the point in time when the customer obtains control of the products, which typically occurs upon delivery depending
on the terms of the underlying contracts. In some instances, we enter into contracts with customers that contain multiple performance
obligations to deliver volumes of alcohols or essential ingredients over a contractual period of less than 12 months. We allocate the
transaction price to each performance obligation identified in the contract based on relative standalone selling prices and recognize
the related revenue as control of each individual product is transferred to the customer in satisfaction of the corresponding performance
obligations. 

- 39 - 

When we are the agent, the supplier controls the
products before they are transferred to the customer because the supplier is primarily responsible for fulfilling the promise to provide
the product, has inventory risk before the product has been transferred to a customer and has discretion in establishing the price for
the product. When we are the principal, we control the products before they are transferred to the customer because we are primarily responsible
for fulfilling the promise to provide the products, we have inventory risk before the product has been transferred to a customer and we
have discretion in establishing the price for the product. 

See Note 5 
Segments of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for our revenue-breakdown by type of contract. 

Impairment of Long-Lived
Assets and Held-for-Sale Classification 

Our long-lived assets have been
primarily associated with our production facilities, reflecting their original cost, adjusted for depreciation and any subsequent impairment. 

We assess the impairment of long-lived
assets, including property and equipment, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair value of an asset group could
be less than the net book value of the asset group. Generally, we assess long-lived assets for impairment by first determining the forecasted,
undiscounted cash flows each asset is expected to generate plus the net proceeds expected from the sale of the asset group. If the total
amount of the undiscounted cash flows is less than the carrying value of the asset group, we then determine the fair value of the asset
group. An impairment loss would be recognized when the fair value is less than the related net book value, and an impairment expense would
be recorded in the amount of the difference. Forecasts of future cash flows are estimates based on our experience and knowledge of our
operations and the industry in which we operate. These estimates could be significantly affected by future changes in market conditions,
the economic environment, including inflation, and the purchasing decisions of our customers. Based on these reviews, we recorded an asset
impairment of 2.1 million for 2020 and none for either 2021 or 2022. 

We review our intangible assets
with indefinite lives at least annually or more frequently if impairment indicators arise. In our review, we determine the fair value
of these assets using market multiples and discounted cash flow modeling and compare it to the net book value of the acquired assets. 

Assets held-for-sale are assessed
for impairment by comparing the carrying values to their expected net sales proceeds. In 2020, our Board of Directors approved a plan
to sell our fuel-grade ethanol production facilities in Madera and Stockton, California, which were ultimately sold in 2021. We reviewed
the criteria for held-for-sale classification of the long-lived assets associated with these asset groups. Our analysis concluded that
these assets should be classified as held-for-sale as of December 31, 2020, and as such, we estimated an aggregate corresponding asset
impairment of 22.3 million for 2020. We further evaluated the original estimate and recorded an additional asset impairment on these
assets held-for-sale of 1.2 million for 2021. In 2021, we decided to sell our property and equipment located in Canton, Illinois. We
reviewed the criteria for held-for-sale classification of the long-lived assets for this asset group. We concluded that these assets should
be classified as held-for-sale as of December 31, 2021, and as such, we estimated a corresponding asset impairment of 1.9 million for
2021. We did not record any impairments for assets held-for-sale for 2022. 

Valuation Allowance for
Deferred Taxes 

We account for income taxes under the asset and
liability approach, where deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on differences between financial reporting and tax
bases of assets and liabilities, and are measured using enacted tax rates and laws that are expected to be in effect when the differences
reverse. Valuation allowances are established when necessary to reduce deferred tax assets to the amounts expected to be realized. 

- 40 - 

We evaluate our deferred tax asset balance for
realizability. To the extent we believe it is more likely than not that some portion or all of our deferred tax assets will not be realized,
we will establish a valuation allowance against the deferred tax assets. Realization of our deferred tax assets is dependent upon future
taxable income during the periods in which the associated temporary differences become deductible. We consider the scheduled reversal
of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. These changes, if
any, may require possible material adjustments to these deferred tax assets, resulting in a reduction in net income or an increase in
net loss in the period when such determinations are made. 

We had pre-tax consolidated income of 47.6 million
for the year ended December 31, 2021. We had pre-tax consolidated losses of 39.7 million and 17.3 million for the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2020, respectively. Based on our current and prior results, we do not have significant evidence to support a conclusion that
we will more likely than not be able to benefit from our remaining deferred tax assets. As such, we have recorded a valuation allowance
against our net deferred tax assets. 

Derivative Instruments 

We evaluate our contracts to
determine whether the contracts are derivative instruments. Management may elect to exempt certain forward contracts that meet the definition
of a derivative from derivative accounting as normal purchases or normal sales. Normal purchases and normal sales are contracts that provide
for the purchase or sale of something other than a financial instrument or derivative instrument that will be delivered in quantities
expected to be used or sold over a reasonable period in the normal course of business. Contracts that meet the requirements of normal
purchases or sales are documented as normal and exempted from the fair value accounting and reporting requirements of derivative accounting. 

We enter into short-term cash,
option and futures contracts as a means of securing purchases of corn, natural gas and sales of fuel-grade ethanol and managing exposure
to changes in commodity prices. All of our exchange-traded derivatives are designated as non-hedge derivatives for accounting purposes,
with changes in fair value recognized in net income. Although the contracts are economic hedges of specified risks, they are not designated
or accounted for as hedging instruments. 

Realized and unrealized gains
and losses related to exchange-traded derivative contracts are included as a component of cost of goods sold in the accompanying financial
statements. The fair values of contracts entered through commodity exchanges are presented on the accompanying balance sheet as derivative
assets or liabilities. The selection of normal purchase or sales contracts, and use of hedge accounting, are accounting policies that
can change the timing of recognition of gains and losses in the statement of operations. 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

We are exposed to various market risks, including
changes in commodity prices, as discussed below. Market risk is the potential loss arising from adverse changes in market rates and prices.
In the ordinary course of business, we may enter into various types of transactions involving financial instruments to manage and reduce
the impact of changes in commodity prices. We do not have material exposure to interest rate risk. We do not expect to have any exposure
to foreign currency risk as we conduct all of our transactions in U.S. dollars. 

- 41 - 

We produce alcohol and essential ingredients. Our
business is sensitive to changes in the prices of ethanol and corn. In the ordinary course of business, we may enter into various types
of transactions involving financial instruments to manage and reduce the impact of changes in ethanol and corn prices. We do not enter
into derivatives or other financial instruments for trading or speculative purposes. 

We are subject to market risk with respect to ethanol
and corn pricing. Ethanol prices are sensitive to global and domestic ethanol supply; crude-oil supply and demand; crude-oil refining
capacity; carbon intensity; government regulation; and consumer demand for alternative fuels. Our alcohol sales are priced using contracts
that are either based on a fixed price or an indexed price tied to a specific market, such as the CBOT or the Oil Price Information Service.
Under these fixed-priced arrangements, we are exposed to risk of a decrease in the market price of ethanol between the time the price
is fixed and the time the alcohol is sold. 

We satisfy our physical corn needs, the principal
raw material used to produce alcohol and essential ingredients, based on purchases from our corn vendors. Generally, we determine the
purchase price of our corn at or near the time we begin to grind. Additionally, we also enter into volume contracts with our vendors to
fix the purchase price. As such, we are also subject to market risk with respect to the price of corn. The price of corn is subject to
wide fluctuations due to unpredictable factors such as weather conditions, farmer planting decisions, governmental policies with respect
to agriculture and international trade and global supply and demand. Under the fixed price arrangements, we assume the risk of a decrease
in the market price of corn between the time the price is fixed and the time the corn is utilized. 

Essential ingredients are sensitive to various
demand factors such as numbers of livestock on feed, prices for feed alternatives and supply factors, primarily production of ethanol
co-products by ethanol plants and other sources. 

As noted above, we may attempt to reduce the market
risk associated with fluctuations in the price of ethanol or corn by employing a variety of risk management and hedging strategies. Strategies
include the use of derivative financial instruments such as futures and options executed on the CBOT and/or the New York Mercantile Exchange,
as well as the daily management of physical corn. 

These derivatives are not designated for special
hedge accounting treatment, and as such, the changes in the fair values of these contracts are recorded on the balance sheet and recognized
immediately in cost of goods sold. We recognized net gains of 19.3 million, 21.6 million and 14.8 million related to the change in
the fair values of these contracts for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

We prepared a sensitivity analysis as of December
31, 2022 to estimate our exposure to ethanol and corn. Market risk related to these factors was estimated as the potential change in pre-tax
income resulting from a hypothetical 10 adverse change in the prices of our expected ethanol and corn volumes. The analysis uses average
CBOT prices for the year and does not factor in future contracted volumes. The results of this analysis for the year ended December 31,
2022, which may differ materially from actual results, are as follows (in millions): 

Commodity 
 Volume 
 Unit of 
Measure 
 Approximate 
 Adverse Change to Pre-Tax Income 
 
 Ethanol 
 418.9 
 Gallons 
 65.1 
 
 Corn 
 107.5 
 Bushels 
 74.6 

- 42 - 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

Reference is made to the financial
statements, which begin at page F-1 of this report. 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures. 

We conducted an evaluation under the supervision
and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness
of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined
in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, or Exchange Act, means controls and other
procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by the company in the reports it files or
submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported, within the time periods specified in the Securities and
Exchange Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures also include, without limitation, controls and procedures
designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act
is accumulated and communicated to the company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers,
or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based on this evaluation,
our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded as of December 31, 2022 that our disclosure controls and procedures
were effective at a reasonable assurance level. 

Management s Report
on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under
the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

(i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions
and dispositions of our assets; 

(ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial
statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in
accordance with authorizations of our management and directors; and 

(iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or
disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations,
internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness
to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of
compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

- 43 - 

A material weakness is defined
by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board s Audit Standards AS 2201 as being a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the company s
annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis by the company s internal controls. 

Under the supervision and with
the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, we conducted an evaluation
of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework set forth in Internal Control 
Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation
under the framework set forth in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013), our management concluded that our internal
control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

RSM US LLP, an independent
registered public accounting firm, has issued an attestation report on our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022. That report is included in Part IV of this report. 

Inherent Limitations on the Effectiveness
of Controls 

Management does not expect that our disclosure
controls and procedures or our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system,
no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control systems
are met. Further, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls
must be considered relative to their costs. Because of the inherent limitations in a cost-effective control system, no evaluation of internal
control over financial reporting can provide absolute assurance that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control
issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been or will be detected. 

These inherent limitations include the realities
that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Controls can also
be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people, or by management override of the controls.
The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events, and there can be no
assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. Projections of any evaluation
of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions
or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

Changes in Internal Control
over Financial Reporting 

There has been no change in our internal control
over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the most recently completed fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
9B. Other Information. 

None. 

Item
9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 

Not applicable. 

- 44 - 

PART III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 

The information under the captions
 Information about our Board of Directors, Board Committees and Related Matters appearing in the Proxy Statement, is hereby
incorporated by reference. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation. 

The information under the caption Executive
Compensation and Related Information, appearing in the Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The information under the captions Security
Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information, appearing in the
Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

The information under the captions
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Information about our Board of Directors, Board Committees and
Related Matters Director Independence appearing in the Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 

The information under the caption Audit
Matters Principal Accountant Fees and Services, appearing in the Proxy Statement, is hereby incorporated by reference. 

- 45 - 

PART IV 

Item
15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules. 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

Reference is made to the financial
statements listed on and attached following the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements contained on page F-1 of this report. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

None. 

(a)(3) Exhibits 

Reference is made to the exhibits
listed on the Index to Exhibits. 

Item
16. Form 10-K Summary. 

None. 

- 46 - 

Index
to Consolidated Financial Statements 

Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-7 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income (Loss) for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-8 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-9 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-10 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-11 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alto Ingredients,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Alto
Ingredients, Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations,
comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and
the related notes to the consolidated financial statements (collectively, the financial statements). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its
operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company
Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31,
2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in 2013, and our report dated March 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s
management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public
accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are
free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material
misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures
included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included
evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation
of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from
the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that:
(1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective
or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken
as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matter
or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

F- 2 

Evaluation of indicators of long-lived asset impairment 

As described in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company assesses
the impairment of long-lived assets, including property and equipment, when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the fair
value of assets could be less than their net book value. The Company s assessment did not result in an impairment for the year ended
December 31, 2022. 

We identified the evaluation of impairment indicators for long-lived
assets as a critical audit matter because of the significant assumptions management makes when determining whether events or changes in
circumstances have occurred indicating that the carrying amounts of property and equipment may not be recoverable. This required a high
degree of auditor judgment when performing audit procedures to evaluate whether management appropriately identified impairment indicators. 

Our audit procedures related to the assessment of long-lived assets
for possible indications of impairment included the following, among others: 

We obtained an understanding of management s process and internal controls over management s evaluation of potential indicators of
impairment and tested the operating effectiveness of the controls 

We obtained management s analysis of potential indicators of impairment and evaluated management s analysis by: 

o Agreeing current period operating profits or losses for all
identifiable asset groups to respective trial balances 

o For asset groups in a current period loss, compared the current
period operating loss to historical operating profits or losses 

o Prepared an independent expectation of the underlying fair
value for two identified asset groups that had both current period and historical operating losses by: 

o Comparing the sales price per nameplate production gallons
to the carrying value of the asset groups 

o Evaluating publicly available information related to sales
of comparable production facilities 

Reading board of directors meeting minutes, press releases, and publicly available information for indications of significant changes
in the matter of the use of the asset groups 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 

Rochester, Minnesota 

March 14, 2023 

F- 3 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Alto Ingredients,
Inc. 

Opinion on the Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

We have audited Alto Ingredients, Inc s (the Company) internal
control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework 
issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all
material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal
Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission in 2013. 

We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public
Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related
consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity and cash flows for each of the three years in
the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes to the consolidated financial statements of the Company and our report dated
March 14, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion. 

Basis for Opinion 

The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective
internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting in
the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on
the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the
PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB.
Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over
financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial
reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, and testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal
control based on the assessed risk. Our audit also included performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances.
We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial
Reporting 

A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process
designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting
includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly
reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded
as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts
and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and
(3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the company s
assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial
reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject
to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or
procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ 

March 14, 2023 

F- 4 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
(in thousands, except shares and par value) 

December 31, 
 
 ASSETS 
 2022 
 2021 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Accounts receivable, net of allowance for credit losses of and , respectively 

Inventories 

Derivative instruments 

Other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Other Assets: 

Right of use operating lease assets, net 

Notes receivable, noncurrent 

Intangible assets, net 

Goodwill 

Other assets 

Total other assets 

Total Assets 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 5 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (CONTINUED) 
(in thousands, except shares and par value) 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable trade 

Accrued liabilities 

Current portion operating leases 

Derivative instruments 

Other current liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net 

Operating leases, net of current portion 

Other liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Notes 1, 9, 10, 11 and 16) 

Stockholders Equity: 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized: 

Series A: shares authorized; no shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Series B: shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021; liquidation preference of as of December 31, 2022 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Non-voting common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total Liabilities and Stockholders Equity 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 6 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
(in thousands, except per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Net sales 

Cost of goods sold 

Gross profit (loss) 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Gain on litigation settlement 

Gain (loss) on sale (disposal) of assets 

Asset impairments 

Income (loss) from operations 

Income from cash grant 

Income from loan forgiveness 

Interest expense, net 

Fair value adjustments 

Other income, net 

Income (loss) before provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Provision (benefit) for income taxes 

Consolidated net income (loss) 

Net loss attributed to noncontrolling interests 

Net income (loss) attributed to Alto Ingredients, Inc. 

Preferred stock dividends 

Income allocated to participating securities 

Income (loss) available to common stockholders 

Income (loss) per share, basic 

Income (loss) per share, diluted 

Weighted-average shares outstanding, basic 

Weighted-average shares outstanding, diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 7 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) 
(in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Consolidated net income (loss) 

Other comprehensive income (expense) net gain (loss) arising during the period on defined benefit pension plans 

Total comprehensive income (loss) 

Comprehensive loss attributed to noncontrolling interests 

Comprehensive income (loss) attributed to Alto Ingredients, Inc. 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 8 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 
 (in thousands) 

Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 and Non-Voting 
 Common 
 Additional 

 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 
 Accum.
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Non- 
Controlling 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Loss 
 Interests 
 Total 
 
 Balances, December 31, 2019 

Stock-based compensation 

Restricted stock issued to employees and directors, net of cancellations and tax 

Common stock issuances 

Warrant exercises 

Common stock issuances ATM 

Sale of interests in PAL 

Pension plan adjustment 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss 

Balances, December 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation 

Restricted stock issued to employees and directors, net of cancellations and tax 

Common stock issuances 

Pension plan adjustment 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net income 

Balances, December 31, 2021 

Stock-based compensation 

Restricted stock issued to employees and directors, net of cancellations and tax 

Shares issued for Eagle 

Shares issued to Orion 

Stock repurchases 

Pension plan adjustment 

Preferred stock dividends 

Net loss 

Balances, December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 9 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC.
 
CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
(in thousands) 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Operating Activities: 

Consolidated net income (loss) 

Adjustments to reconcile consolidated net income (loss) to cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization of intangibles 

Asset impairments 

Income from loan forgiveness 

Fair value adjustments 

(Gain) loss on (sale) disposal of assets 

Inventory valuation 

Gains on derivative instruments 

Amortization of deferred financing costs 

Amortization of debt discounts (premiums) 

Noncash compensation 

Bad debt expense (recovery) 

Interest expense added to senior notes 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Other current assets 

Operating leases 

Assets held-for-sale 

Liabilities held-for-sale 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities: 

Proceeds from principal payments on notes receivable 

Purchase of Eagle Alcohol, net of cash acquired 

Proceeds from sale of Stockton 

Proceeds from sale of Madera 

Proceeds from sale of interests in PAL 

Proceeds from Magic Valley asset sale 

Additions to property and equipment 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Financing Activities: 

Net proceeds from term loan 

Net proceeds from (payments on) Kinergy s line of credit 

Debt issuance costs 

Preferred stock dividend payments 

Stock repurchases 

Proceeds from issuances of common stock and warrants 

Proceeds from warrant exercises 

Proceeds from CARES Act loans 

Payments on plant borrowings 

Payments on senior notes 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash at end of period 

Reconciliation of total cash,
 cash equivalents and restricted cash: 

Cash
 and cash equivalents 

Restricted cash 

Total cash, cash equivalents and restricted cash 

Supplemental Information: 

Interest paid (net of capitalized interest) 

Capitalized interest 

Income tax payments (refunds) 

Noncash financing and investing activities: 

Accrued preferred stock dividends 

The accompanying notes are an
integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F- 10 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

of Pacific Aurora and ACEC owned of Pacific Aurora. As discussed further in Note 3, the Company sold its
interest in Pacific Aurora on April 15, 2020. Therefore, from December 15, 2016, through April 15, 2020, the Company consolidated 
of the results of Pacific Aurora and recorded ACEC s equity interest as noncontrolling interests in the accompanying financial
statements. 

million gallons per year and produces, on an annualized basis, over million tons of essential ingredients,
such as dried yeast, corn gluten meal, corn gluten feed, corn germ, and distillers grains and liquid feed used in commercial animal feed
and pet foods. In addition, the Company markets and distributes fuel-grade ethanol produced
by third parties. 

F- 11 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were used as collateral under Kinergy s operating line of credit. The allowance for
credit losses was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company recorded a bad debt recovery of ,
and bad debt expenses of and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Company does not
have any off-balance sheet credit exposure related to its customers. 

F- 12 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

or more of the Company s total net sales, as follows. 

Customer B 

and , representing and of total accounts receivable, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
respectively. 

or more of the Company s total
corn purchases, as follows: 

Supplier B 

of
the Company s employees were covered by a collective bargaining agreement. 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of the inventory balance, approximately and at December
31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, were used as collateral under Kinergy s operating line of credit. Inventory balances consisted
of the following (in thousands): 

Work in progress 

Raw materials 

Other 

Total 

F- 13 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

years 
 
 Facilities and plant equipment 
 years 
 
 Other equipment, vehicles and furniture 
 years 

Additionally,
the Company assesses indefinite-lived intangible assets for impairment annually, or more frequently if circumstances indicate impairment
may have occurred. If the carrying value of an indefinite-lived intangible asset exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized
in an amount equal to that excess. If the Company determines that an impairment charge is needed, the charge will be recorded as an asset
impairment in the consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 14 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 15 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million for
the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company s assessment of assets held-for-use did not result in an impairment for the years
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

, and for the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Amortization was accelerated in 2020 to reflect increased payments of principal and the reduction
of outstanding debt balances. Unamortized deferred financing costs were approximately and as of December 31, 2022 and
2021, respectively, and are recorded as a reduction of long-term debt in the consolidated balance sheets. 

likely
of being realized upon ultimate settlement. An uncertain tax position is considered effectively settled on completion of an examination
by a taxing authority if certain other conditions are satisfied. Should the Company incur interest and penalties relating to tax uncertainties,
such amounts would be classified as a component of interest expense, net, and other income (expense), net, respectively. Deferred tax
assets and liabilities are classified as noncurrent in the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

F- 16 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

. State tax returns are filed on a consolidated, combined or separate basis depending
on the applicable laws relating to the Company and its subsidiaries. 

Less: Preferred stock dividends 

Basic and diluted loss per share: 

Loss available to common stockholders

Less: Preferred stock dividends 

Less: Income allocated to participating securities 

Basic income per share: 

Income available to common stockholders 

Add: Dilutive securities 

Diluted income per share: 

Income available to common stockholders 

F- 17 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Less: Preferred stock dividends 

Basic and diluted loss per share: 

Loss available to common stockholders

, 964,000 and
 potentially dilutive shares from convertible securities outstanding for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.
These convertible securities were not considered in calculating diluted loss per common share for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020 as their effect would be anti-dilutive. In addition, there were an aggregate of , and weighted-average
antidilutive shares from outstanding out-of-the-money warrants for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

in cash from the USDA s Biofuel Producer
Program. The program was created as part of the CARES Act in 2020, which allocated to support biofuel producers who experienced
market losses due to the pandemic. The Company is not required to repay the grant. Since these funds are provided to subsidize historical
losses of the Company, and are not required to be repaid, the Company accounted for the proceeds by analogy to International Accounting
Standards 20, Accounting for Government Grants and Disclosure of Government Assistance , and reported the amount as income from
cash grant in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

F- 18 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million of its common
stock with an initial purchase authorization of million. The Company s lender has further limited the Company s purchase
authorization to million. Amounts in excess of the purchase authorization of million will require additional lender consent and
amounts in excess of the initial purchase authorization of million will require additional board and preferred stockholder authorization.
The share repurchase program does not have an expiration date, does not require the repurchase of any particular amount of shares, and
may be implemented, modified, suspended or discontinued in whole or in part at any time and without further notice. As repurchases are
made, the Company will retire the shares, resulting in a reduction of issued and outstanding shares. For the year ended December 31, 2022,
the Company repurchased an aggregate of shares for in cash. 

of the membership interests of Eagle Alcohol. The purchase price was million in cash plus an estimated net working capital adjustment
of million in cash. The selling members of Eagle Alcohol are eligible to receive up to an additional million of contingent
consideration, payable through a combination of million in cash over the next three years and an aggregate of million in the
Company s common stock on the fourth- and fifth-year anniversaries of the closing date, subject to the satisfaction of certain conditions,
including continued employment with the Company. With respect to these payments, the Company has accrued million in other current
liabilities in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022, with the expense included in selling, general and
administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for the year then ended. 

F- 19 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million in net sales and million and million
in net income, respectively. The following table presents unaudited pro forma combined financial information assuming the acquisition
occurred on January 1, 2021 (dollars in thousands except per share amounts): 

Net income (loss) available to common stockholders pro forma 

Diluted net income (loss) per share pro forma 

Diluted shares 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Other assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment 

Right of use assets 

Total tangible assets 

Current liabilities 

Right of use liability 

Total liabiltiies 

Net tangible assets acquired 

Customer relationships 

Tradename 

Goodwill 

Total Purchase Price 

years for useful lives for customer relationships
and years for tradename. 

million, which, after working capital adjustments, was reduced
to approximately million, resulting in cash proceeds of million and the balance of million in long-term ACEC promissory
notes, resulting in a net loss on sale of approximately million, recorded as gain (loss) on sale of assets in the Company s
consolidated statements of operations. Approximately million of the cash proceeds were used to repay a portion of the Company s
term debt. In September 2020, the Company and ACEC agreed to certain post-closing adjustments to the purchase price, resulting in a decrease
of million, and a corresponding reduction in the aggregate principal amount owed under the long-term ACEC promissory notes. 

F- 20 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million as part consideration for the sale, both maturing on April 15, 2025. The 
million note accrued interest at an annual rate of . 
On February 23, 2022, these notes were amended and both notes matured on June 30, 2022. Both notes were repaid in full on June 30, 2022. 

The Company
retained the fuel-grade ethanol production facility and terminal on the remaining 25 acres and has entered into certain agreements with
the buyer for delivery of grain to the plant. Upon the sale, the Company recognized a gain on sale of million recorded in gain on
sale of assets in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. 

million and million in the Company s Other
production segment for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

million, comprised of million in cash and million in assumption of liabilities,
resulting in a net loss on sale of less than million, included in gain on sale of assets in the Company s consolidated statements
of operations. All of the cash proceeds were used to repay a significant portion of the Company s term debt and accrued interest. 

million in cash, resulting in a net gain on sale of million, recorded in gain
on sale of assets in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. With the net cash proceeds, the Company repaid its parent
notes payable and the Alto Pekin and ICP loans in full. See Note 9. 

million and , respectively. For the year ended December 31,
2020, net sales attributed to the results of operations for Stockton and Madera were million and million, respectively. For
the year ended December 31, 2021, pre-tax loss attributed to the results of operations for Stockton and Madera was million and 
million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, pre-tax loss attributed to the results of operations for Stockton and Madera
was million and million, respectively. The above pre-tax results include asset impairments associated with Stockton and Madera
recorded for the year ended December 31, 2021 of and million and for the year ended December 31, 2020 of million and 
million, respectively. 

F- 21 

ALTO INGREDIENTS,
INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in the Company s Other production segment for the year ended December 31, 2021. As of December 31, 2021, the Company
recorded million in assets held-for-sale associated with this transaction. The Company sold these assets in 2022. For the years ended
December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 there were no sales from Canton. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, pre-tax losses
attributed to Canton were less than million for each year. 

, and related to the AMAs in place for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and
2020, respectively. These amounts have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

Each of the marketing agreements had an initial term of one year
and has successive one year renewal periods at the option of the production facility. 

, and related to the marketing agreements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and
2020, respectively. These amounts have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

F- 22 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

per bushel of corn delivered to each production facility as consideration for its procurement and handling
services, payable monthly. Each corn procurement and handling agreement had an initial term of one year and successive one year renewal
periods at the option of the individual facility. Alto Nutrients recorded revenues of approximately , and 
related to the corn procurement and handling agreements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. These amounts
have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

per bushel of corn delivered to each facility as consideration for ACEC s procurement and handling services, payable monthly.
The grain procurement agreement had an initial term of one year and successive one year renewal periods at the option of the individual
facility. Pacific Aurora recorded expenses of approximately for the year ended December 31, 2020 associated with these agreements.
These amounts have not been eliminated upon consolidation as they were with a related but unconsolidated third-party. 

, and related to the marketing agreements for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021
and 2020, respectively. These amounts have been eliminated upon consolidation. 

, and in management
fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The marketing and distribution segment incurred , 
and in management fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. The Other production segment incurred
 , and in management fees for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Corporate
and other includes the results of Eagle Alcohol and selling, general and administrative expenses, consisting primarily of corporate employee
compensation, professional fees and overhead costs not directly related to a specific operating segment. 

F- 23 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million and million, and by the Other production
segment were approximately million million, respectively. For the year ended December 31, 2020, capital expenditures were substantially
all incurred at the Company s Pekin Campus production segment. 

Essential ingredient sales 

Intersegment sales 

Total Pekin Campus sales 

Marketing and distribution: 

Alcohol sales, gross 

Alcohol sales, net 

Intersegment sales 

Total marketing and distribution sales 

Other Production, recorded as gross: 

Alcohol sales 

Essential ingredient sales 

Intersegment sales 

Total Other production sales 

Corporate and other 

Intersegment eliminations 

Net sales as reported 

Cost of goods sold: 

Pekin Campus production 

Marketing and distribution 

Other production 

Corporate and other 

Intersegment eliminations 

Cost of goods sold as reported 

Income (loss) before provision (benefit) for income taxes: 

Pekin Campus production 

Marketing and distribution 

Other production 

Corporate and other 

Depreciation and amortization
 expense: 

Pekin Campus production 

Other production 

Corporate and other 

Interest expense, net of capitalized interest: 

Pekin Campus production 

Marketing and distribution 

Other production 

Corporate and other 

F- 24 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Marketing and distribution 

Other production 

Corporate and other 

Land 

Other equipment, vehicles and furniture 

Construction in progress 

Accumulated depreciation 

,
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, related to its capital investment
activities. 

Kinergy tradename 

Amortizing: 

Customer relationships 

Eagle tradename 

Total goodwill and intangible assets 

in its Corporate and other segment resulted from the Company s acquisition of Eagle Alcohol. See
Note 2. 

as part of the Company s merger with Kinergy in 2006. The Company determined that the tradename
has an indefinite life and therefore, rather than being amortized, will be tested annually for impairment. The Company did not record
any impairment on its tradename for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

F- 25 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

from the Company s acquisition of Eagle Alcohol. See Note 2. The Company has
established a useful life of twelve years for these customer relationships. 

from the Company s acquisition of Eagle Alcohol. See Note 2. The Company has established a useful
life of ten years for the tradename. 

for the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted-average unamortized life of the customer relationships
and tradename is years. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

, and as the change in the fair value of these contracts for the years ended December
31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

F- 26 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 27 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Orion term loan 

Less unamortized debt discount 

Less unamortized debt financing costs 

Less current portion 

Long-term debt 

. The credit facility is based on Kinergy s eligible accounts receivable and inventory levels, subject to certain concentration
reserves. The credit facility is subject to certain other sublimits, including inventory loan limits. Interest accrues under the line
of credit at a rate equal to (i) the daily Secured Overnight Financing Rate, plus (ii) a specified applicable margin ranging between
1.25 and 1.75 . The applicable margin was 1.50 , for a total rate of 5.90 at December 31, 2022. The credit facility s monthly
unused line fee is an annual rate equal to 0.25 to 0.375 depending on the average daily principal balance during the immediately preceding
month. Payments that may be made by Kinergy to the Company as reimbursement for management and other services provided by the Company
to Kinergy are limited under the terms of the credit facility to 1,500,000 per fiscal quarter. The credit facility also includes the
accounts receivable of Alto Nutrients as additional collateral. Payments that may be made by Alto Nutrients to the Company as reimbursement
for management and other services provided by the Company to Alto Nutrients are limited under the terms of the credit facility to 500,000
per fiscal quarter. 

million in unused borrowing availability under the credit facility. 

F- 28 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

(the Term Loan ). The Term Loan is secured by a first
priority lien on certain assets of the Company and a second priority lien on certain assets of Kinergy and Alto Nutrients. 

, with up to an additional upon the satisfaction of certain conditions. The Company also agreed to issue to
the Lenders upon its first funding request, an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock, and up to an additional
 shares of the Company s common stock upon additional funding or fundings. 

and issued shares of common stock. As of December 31, 2022, the amount outstanding under the
Term Loan was . The Company allocated of the loan proceeds to additional paid-in capital for the common stock issued
based on the relative fair values of the debt and equity instruments and recorded a corresponding amount as a debt issuance discount that
will be amortized to interest expense over the term of the loan. 

per annum. The Term Loan matures on November 7, 2028, or earlier upon acceleration. 

million under a term loan facility
that was to mature on August 20, 2021 and up to million under a revolving term loan facility that was to mature on February 1, 2022.
These loans were secured by a first-priority security interest in all of Alto Pekin s assets. 

million under a term loan facility that was to mature on September 20, 2021, and up to million under
a revolving term loan facility that was to mature on September 1, 2022. These loans were secured by a first-priority security interest
in all of ICP s assets. 

F- 29 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million in aggregate
principal amount of senior secured notes to the investors in a private offering for aggregate gross proceeds of of the principal amount
of the notes sold. On June 26, 2017, the Company entered into a second Note Purchase Agreement with five accredited investors and sold
an additional million in aggregate principal amount of senior secured notes to the investors in a private offering for aggregate
gross proceeds of of the principal amount of the notes sold (and collectively with the notes previously sold, the Notes ).
The Notes were secured by a first-priority security interest in all of the Company s equity interests in Alto Op Co. 

million of principal on the Notes, resulting in an aggregate remaining
balance of million. 

million and Alto Pekin received million in loan proceeds. Under the terms of
the loans, certain amounts may be forgiven if they are used for qualifying expenses as described in the CARES Act. In June 2021, the SBA
approved Alto Pekin s forgiveness application for the full amount of million. In September 2021, the SBA approved Alto Ingredients 
forgiveness application for the full amount of million. As a result, the Company recognized income from loan forgiveness of 
million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The SBA may audit the loan forgiveness applications and further examine eligibility for
forgiveness, including the facts and circumstances existing at the time the loans were made. The Company can provide no assurance that
any loan forgiven will not require repayment following an audit by the SBA. 

2028 

. Operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the
lease term. 

F- 30 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

The Company does not have lease arrangements with residual value guarantees, sale-leaseback terms or material restrictive covenants. The
Company does not have any material finance lease obligations nor sublease agreements. 

Liabilites 

Operating-Current 

Operating-Noncurrent 

Variable lease cost 

Net lease cost 

F- 31 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-76 

Less interest 

Actual gains (losses) 

Benefits paid 

Company contributions 

Participant contributions 

Fair value of plan assets, ending 

Less: projected accumulated benefit obligation 

Funded status, (underfunded)/overfunded 

Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets: 

Other liabilities 

Accumulated other comprehensive (gain) loss 

Assumptions used in computation of benefit obligations: 

Discount rate 

Expected long-term return on plan assets 

Rate of compensation increase 

F- 32 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Interest cost 

Amortization of net loss 

Expected return on plan assets 

Net periodic (benefit) cost 

million. Net periodic benefit cost for 2023 is estimated at million. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-32 

The pension committee also evaluates the performance of investment managers as compared
to the performance of specified benchmarks and peers and monitors the investment managers to ensure adherence to their stated investment
style and to the Retirement Plan s investment guidelines. 

F- 33 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Fair value of plan assets 

Funded status, (underfunded)/overfunded 

Amounts recognized in the consolidated balance sheets: 

Accrued liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss 

Discount rate used in computation of benefit obligations 

Interest cost 

Amortization of prior service cost 

Net periodic benefit cost 

Amounts recognized in the plan for the year: 

Participant contributions 

Benefits paid 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

2028-2032 

. Assumed health care cost trend
rates have a significant effect on the amounts reported for health care plans. 

F- 34 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Deferred provision (benefit) 

Total 

State income taxes, net of federal benefit 

Change in valuation allowance 

Stock-based compensation 

Non-deductible items 

Income from loan forgiveness 

Fair value adjustments 

Noncontrolling interest 

Other 

Effective rate 

F- 35 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Capital loss 

Disallowed interest 

R D, Energy and AMT credits 

Pension liability 

Railcar contracts 

Stock-based compensation 

Derivatives 

Allowance for credit losses and other assets 

Intangibles 

Other 

Total gross deferred tax assets 

Less: valuation allowance 

Total deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Property and equipment 

Intangibles 

Derivatives 

Other 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Net deferred tax liabilities, included in other liabilities 

and state net operating loss carryforwards of approximately
 at December 31, 2022. These net operating loss carryforwards expire as follows (in thousands): 

2028 2032 

2033 2037 

2038 and after 

Total NOLs 

million generated after 2017. 

is available to utilize
against federal taxable income for 2023. 

F- 36 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, based on the Company s assessment of the future
realizability of certain deferred tax assets. The valuation allowance on deferred tax assets is related to future deductible temporary
differences and net operating loss carryforwards for which the Company has concluded it is more likely than not that these items will
not be realized in the ordinary course of operations. 

. This was primarily related to additional net operating losses accumulated
for the year. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recorded a decrease in valuation allowance of . This was primarily
related to utilization of net operating losses as the Company generated taxable income for the year. For the year ended December 31, 2020,
the Company recorded an increase in valuation allowance of . This was primarily the offsetting impact of an increase in deferred
tax assets associated with the capital loss carryforward offset by changes in depreciation and other adjustments associated with property
plant and equipment, and mark-to-market adjustments related to derivatives in 2020. 

Decreases related to prior year tax positions 

Decreases related to expiration of prior year tax positions 

Decreases related to settlements of prior year tax positions 

Unrecognized tax benefits at end of year 

F- 37 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

as of December 31, 2022, of which would impact the effective
tax rate, if recognized. 

and interest of related to uncertain tax positions. The Company does not expect
the unrecognized tax benefits to change significantly over the next 12 months. 

Alabama 

Arizona 

Arkansas 

California 

Colorado 

Connecticut 

Georgia 

Idaho 

Illinois 

Indiana 

Iowa 

Kansas 

Louisiana 

Michigan 

Minnesota 

Mississippi 

Missouri 

Nebraska 

New Mexico 

Oklahoma 

Oregon 

Pennsylvania 

Rhode Island 

South Carolina 

Tennessee 

Texas 

F- 38 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

undesignated shares
of authorized and unissued preferred stock, which may be designated and issued in the future on the authority of the Company s Board
of Directors. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had the following designated classes of preferred stock: 

shares of Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock Series A Preferred Stock ),
with none outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Shares of Series A Preferred Stock that are converted into shares of the Company s
common stock revert to undesignated shares of authorized and unissued preferred stock. 

per annum of the purchase price per
share of the Series A Preferred Stock. The holders of the Series A Preferred Stock would have conversion rights initially equivalent to
two shares of common stock for each share of Series A Preferred Stock, subject to customary antidilution adjustments. Certain specified
issuances will not result in antidilution adjustments. The shares of Series A Preferred Stock would also be subject to forced conversion
upon the occurrence of a transaction that would result in an internal rate of return to the holders of the Series A Preferred Stock of
 or more. Accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series A Preferred Stock are to be paid in cash upon any conversion of the Series A Preferred
Stock. 

shares of Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock Series B Preferred Stock ),
with shares outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Shares of Series B Preferred Stock that are converted into shares of the
Company s common stock revert to undesignated shares of authorized and unissued preferred stock. 

per annum of the purchase price per share of
the Series B Preferred Stock; however, subject to the provisions of the Letter Agreement described below, such dividends may, at the option
of the Company, be paid in additional shares of Series B Preferred Stock based initially on the liquidation value of the Series B Preferred
Stock. In addition to the quarterly cumulative dividends, holders of the Series B Preferred Stock are entitled to participate in any common
stock dividends declared by the Company to its common stockholders. The holders of Series B Preferred Stock have a liquidation preference
over the holders of the Company s common stock initially equivalent to per share of the Series B Preferred Stock plus any
accrued and unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock. 

F- 39 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of the Company s common stock. The conversion ratio is subject to customary
antidilution adjustments. In addition, antidilution adjustments are to occur in the event that the Company issues equity securities, including
derivative securities convertible into equity securities (on an as-converted or as-exercised basis), at a price less than the conversion
price then in effect. The shares of Series B Preferred Stock are also subject to forced conversion upon the occurrence of a transaction
that would result in an internal rate of return to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock of or more. The forced conversion is
to be based upon the conversion ratio as last adjusted. Accrued but unpaid dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock are to be paid in
cash upon any conversion of the Series B Preferred Stock. 

votes per share on all matters to be voted
on by the stockholders of the Company. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the holders of Series B Preferred Stock are afforded numerous customary
protective provisions with respect to certain actions that may only be approved by holders of a majority of the shares of Series B Preferred
Stock. 

from the date of the letter agreement (collectively, the Waiver Period ), the holders waived any rights
and remedies against the Company with respect to any unpaid dividends. Cumulative dividends on the Series B Preferred Stock continued
to accrue during the Waiver Period and remained owing to the holders of the Series B Preferred Stock. The letter agreement expired in
December 2021. As a result, the Company paid all accrued and unpaid Series B Preferred Stock dividends and resumed quarterly dividend
payments on its Series B Preferred Stock on December 31, 2021. 

for each of the series issued, including common stock into which such Series B Preferred Stock has been converted. The
registration rights agreement provides that holders of a majority of the Series B Preferred Stock, including common stock into which such
Series B Preferred Stock has been converted, may demand and cause the Company to register on their behalf the shares of common stock issued,
issuable or that may be issuable upon conversion of the Preferred Stock and as payment of dividends thereon, and upon exercise of the
related warrants (collectively, the Registrable Securities ). The Company is required to keep such registration statement
effective until such time as all of the Registrable Securities are sold or until such holders may avail themselves of Rule 144 for sales
of Registrable Securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The holders are entitled to two demand registrations
on Form S-1 and unlimited demand registrations on Form S-3; provided, however, that the Company is not obligated to effect more than one
demand registration on Form S-3 in any calendar year. In addition to the demand registration rights afforded the holders under the registration
rights agreement, the holders are entitled to unlimited piggyback registration rights. These rights entitle the holders
who so elect to be included in registration statements to be filed by the Company with respect to other registrations of equity securities.
The Company is responsible for all costs of registration, plus reasonable fees of one legal counsel for the holders, which fees are not
to exceed per registration. The registration rights agreement includes customary representations and warranties on the part of
both the Company and the holders and other customary terms and conditions. 

F- 40 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants had an exercise price of
 per share and were exercisable commencing June 22, 2020 and were to expire on December 22, 2020. The Company had determined that
the warrants issued in this transaction did not meet the conditions for classification in stockholders equity and as such, the
Company recorded them as a liability at fair value. These warrants were initially valued at as of December 31, 2019. Until they
were exercised, the Company revalued them at each reporting period. In August 2020, these warrants were fully exercised for per
share. See Note 17 for the Company s fair value assumptions. 

shares of its common stock
at a public offering price of per share and 5-year pre-funded warrants to purchase shares of common stock at a public
offering price of per pre-funded warrant. The Company had determined that the warrants issued in this transaction did not meet the
conditions for classification in stockholders equity and as such, the Company recorded them as a liability at fair value. In November
2020, these warrants were fully exercised. For the period they were outstanding in 2020, the Company revalued them at each reporting period.
See Note 17 for the Company s fair value assumptions. 

shares of common stock at an
exercise price of per share. The warrants became exercisable after the six-month anniversary of the offering and expired unexercised
on April 28, 2022. The Company had determined that when initially issued, these warrants did not meet the conditions for classification
in stockholders equity, however, in November 2020, the Company amended these warrants which then met the conditions of classification
in stockholders equity and as such, the Company recorded them initially as a liability at fair value and upon their amendment,
reclassified their then fair value to equity. See Note 17 for the Company s fair value assumptions. 

million. The net offering proceeds were approximately 
million after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other estimated offering expenses. 

Warrants exercised 

Pre-funded warrants issued 

Pre-funded warrants exercised 

Series A warrants issued 

Balance at December 31, 2020 

Balance at December 31, 2021 

Warrants expired 

Balance at December 31, 2022 

F- 41 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of nonvoting common stock had been converted into an equal number of shares of the Company s
voting common stock. As of December 31, 2022, shares of nonvoting common stock were outstanding. 

and shares of common stock through its at-the-market equity distribution program
that resulted in net proceeds of and and fees paid to its sales agent of and , respectively. The
Company terminated its at-the-market program in October 2020. 

shares of common stock. In June 2016, the 2006 Stock Incentive plan was terminated, except to the extent of issued and outstanding
unvested stock awards and options. 

shares of common stock. On June 14, 2018, the Company s shareholders approved an increase to the aggregate number of shares authorized
under the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan to shares. On November 7, 2019, the Company s shareholders approved an increase to
the aggregate number of shares authorized under the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan to shares. On November 18, 2020, the Company s
shareholders approved an increase to the aggregate number of shares authorized under the 2016 Stock Incentive Plan to shares.
On June 23, 2022, the Company s shareholders approved an increase to the aggregate number of shares authorized under the 2016 Stock
Incentive Plan to shares. 

F- 42 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Options exercised 

Options expired 

Outstanding at end of year 

Options exercisable at end of year 

), and as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Issued 

Vested 

Canceled 

Unvested at December 31, 2021 

Issued 

Vested 

Canceled 

Unvested at December 31, 2022 

F- 43 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

, and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. Stock-based compensation
expense related to employee and non-employee restricted stock and option grants recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements
of operations, was as follows (in thousands): 

Non-employees 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

and the associated weighted-average period over which the compensation
expense attributable to those unvested awards will be recognized was approximately years. 

gallons as of December 31, 2022 and open fixed-price alcohol sales
contracts totaling as of December 31, 2022. The Company had open fixed-price sales contracts for essential ingredients totaling
 and open indexed-price sales contracts of essential ingredients for tons as of December 31, 2022. These sales contracts
are scheduled for completion over the next twelve months. 

gallons of alcohol and fixed-price purchase
contracts to purchase of alcohol from its suppliers. The Company had fixed-price purchase contracts to purchase of
corn from its suppliers as of December 31, 2022. The Company had indexed-price purchase contracts for natural gas totaling MMBTU.
The Company also had future commitments for certain capital projects totaling . These purchase commitments are scheduled to
be satisfied through 2023. 

F- 44 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and , respectively. The fair values of these assets are based on observable values for the assets through
corroboration with market data and are designated as Level 3 inputs. 

and , respectively. The Company
valued these warrants upon issuance using the Binomial valuation methodology. On November 16, 2020, the pre-funded warrants were exercised,
and as a result, were revalued immediately prior to their exercise. Further, the other warrants were amended on November 24, 2020, resulting
in equity accounting, and accordingly were revalued immediately prior to their amendment. The assumptions used were as follows (fair value
dollars in thousands): 

Other 

Pre-funded 

Other 

F- 45 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Issuance of warrants in October 2020 offering 

Exercise of warrants/reclass to equity in 2020 

Adjustments to fair value for 2020 

Balance, December 31, 2021 and 2022 

Defined benefit plan assets(1) 
(pooled separate accounts): 

Large U.S. Equity(2) 

Small/Mid U.S. Equity(3) 

International Equity(4) 

Fixed Income(5) 

Liabilities: 

Derivative financial instruments 

F- 46 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 
NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Long-lived assets held-for-sale 

Defined benefit plan assets(1) (pooled separate accounts): 

Large U.S. Equity(2) 

Small/Mid U.S. Equity(3) 

International Equity(4) 

Fixed Income(5) 

Liabilities: 

Derivative financial instruments 

F- 47 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Where Located 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File Number 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 
 
 2.1 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated April 23, 2021 by and among the Registrant, Pacific Ethanol Madera LLC and Seaboard Energy California, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/10/2021 

2.2 
 
 First Amendment to Asset Purchase Agreement dated July 30, 2021 by and among the Registrant, Pacific Ethanol Madera LLC and Seaboard Energy California, LLC 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.2 
 
 08/10/2021 

2.3 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement dated November 5, 2021 by and among the Registrant, Pacific Ethanol Stockton LLC and Pelican Acquisition LLC 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 2.3 
 
 03/15/2022 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21467 
 
 3.1 
 
 11/06/2015 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of the Series A Cumulative Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stoc k 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21467 
 
 3.2 
 
 11/06/2015 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Designations, Powers, Preferences and Rights of the Series B Cumulative Convertible Preferred Stock 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21467 
 
 3.3 
 
 11/06/2015 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated June 3, 2010 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21467 
 
 3.4 
 
 11/06/2015 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation effective June 8, 2011 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21467 
 
 3.5 
 
 11/06/2015 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation effective May 14, 2013 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21467 
 
 3.6 
 
 11/06/2015 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation effective July 1, 2015 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21467 
 
 3.7 
 
 11/06/2015 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation effective January 12, 2021 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 3.1 
 
 01/13/2021 

3.9 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 3.2 
 
 01/13/2021 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 4.1 
 
 03/30/2020 

10.1 
 
 2006 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended# 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-196876 
 
 4.1 
 
 06/18/2014 

10.2 
 
 2016 Stock Incentive Plan, as amended# 
 
 S-8 
 
 333-266035 
 
 4.11 
 
 07/06/2022 

10.3 
 
 Form of Employee Restricted Stock Agreement under 2016 Stock Incentive Plan# 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.5 
 
 03/15/2018 

- 47 - 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Where Located 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing 
Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

10.4 
 
 Form of Non-Employee Director Restricted Stock Agreement under 2016 Stock Incentive Plan# 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.6 
 
 03/15/2017 

10.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated November 7, 2016 between the Registrant and Bryon T. McGregor# 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.9 
 
 03/15/2017 

10.6 
 
 Amended and Restated Executive Employment Agreement dated November 7, 2016 between the Registrant and James R. Sneed# 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.12 
 
 03/15/2017 

10.7 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Employment Agreement dated July 26, 2018 between the Registrant and Michael D. Kandris# 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/07/2020 

10.8 
 
 Employment Agreement dated February 1, 2022 between the Registrant and Auste M. Graham# 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.9 
 
 03/15/2022 

10.9 
 
 Consulting Agreement dated May 28, 2022 between the Registrant and Christopher W. Wright 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.1 
 
 06/01/2022 

10.10 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Registrant and each of its Executive Officers and Directors# 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.46 
 
 03/31/2010 

10.11 
 
 Policy for Recoupment of Incentive Compensation dated March 29, 2018# 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.17 
 
 03/18/2019 

10.12 
 
 Form of Clawback Policy Acknowledgement and Agreement# 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.18 
 
 03/18/2019 

10.13 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated March 27, 2008 between the Registrant and Lyles United, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.4 
 
 03/27/2008 

10.14 
 
 Letter Agreement dated March 27, 2008 between the Registrant and Lyles United, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.5 
 
 03/27/2008 

10.15 
 
 Letter Agreement dated May 22, 2008 among the Registrant, Neil M. Koehler, Bill Jones, Paul P. Koehler and Thomas D. Koehler# 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.3 
 
 05/23/2008 

10.16 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated August 2, 2017 among Kinergy Marketing LLC, Pacific Ag. Products, LLC, Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, and the parties thereto from time to time as lenders 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/08/2017 

- 48 - 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Where Located 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing 
 Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

10.17 
 
 Amendment No. 1 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 27, 2019 by and among Kinergy Marketing LLC, Pacific Ag. Products, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 
 10-Q 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.7 
 
 05/03/2019 

10.18 
 
 Amendment No. 2 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated July 31, 2019 by and among Kinergy Marketing LLC, Pacific Ag. Products, LLC, the parties thereto from time to time as lenders and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.1 
 
 08/06/2019 

10.19 
 
 Amendment No. 3 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated November 19, 2019 by and among Kinergy Marketing LLC, Pacific Ag. Products, LLC, the parties thereto from time to time as lenders and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.61 
 
 03/30/2020 

10.20 
 
 Waiver, Consent and Amendment No. 4 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated March 8, 2021 by and among Kinergy Marketing LLC, Alto Nutrients, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.20 
 
 03/15/2022 

10.21 
 
 Waiver, Consent, and Amendment No. 5 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated June 10, 2021 by and among Kinergy Marketing LLC, Alto Nutrients, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 
 10-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.21 
 
 03/15/2022 

10.22 
 
 Amendment No. 6 to Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated November 7, 2022 by and among Kinergy Marketing LLC, Alto Nutrients, LLC and Wells Fargo Bank, National Association 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.2 
 
 11/14/2022 

10.23 
 
 Second Amended and Restated Guarantee dated August 2, 2017 by the Registrant in favor of Wells Fargo Bank, National Association, for and on behalf of the lenders 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.2 
 
 08/08/2017 

- 49 - 

INDEX TO EXHIBITS 

Where Located 
 
 Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 Form 
 
 File 
 Number 
 
 Exhibit Number 
 
 Filing 
Date 
 
 Filed Herewith 

10.24 
 
 Credit Agreement dated November 7, 2022 by and among the Registrant, the subsidiary guarantors signatory thereto, Orion Energy Credit Opportunities Fund III, L.P., Orion Energy Credit Opportunities Fund III GPFA PV, L.P., Orion Energy Credit Opportunities Fund III GPFA, L.P., Orion Energy Credit Opportunities Fund III PV, L.P., and OIC Investment Agent, LLC 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.1 
 
 11/14/2022 

10.25 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated November 7, 2022 by and among Alto Ingredients, Inc., Orion Energy Credit Opportunities Fund III, L.P., Orion Energy Credit Opportunities Fund III GPFA PV, L.P., Orion Energy Credit Opportunities Fund III GPFA, L.P. and Orion Energy Credit Opportunities Fund III PV, L.P. 
 
 8-K 
 
 000-21467 
 
 10.3 
 
 11/14/2022 

21.1 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 

X 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

X 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification Required by Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

X 
 
 101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document 

X 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

X 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase 

X 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 

X 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 

X 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 

X 
 
 104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101) 

X 

(#) A contract, compensatory plan or arrangement to which a director or executive officer is a party or in which one or more directors
or executive officers are eligible to participate. 

) Certain of the agreements filed as exhibits contain representations and warranties made by the parties thereto. The assertions embodied
in such representations and warranties are not necessarily assertions of fact, but a mechanism for the parties to allocate risk. Accordingly,
investors should not rely on the representations and warranties as characterizations of the actual state of facts or for any other purpose
at the time they were made or otherwise. 

- 50 - 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized
on this 14th day of March, 2023. 

ALTO INGREDIENTS, INC. 

/s/ MICHAEL D. KANDRIS 

Michel D. Kandris 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in
the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ WILLIAM
 L. JONES 

Chairman of the Board and Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 William L. Jones 

/s/ MICHAEL
 D. KANDRIS 

President, Chief Executive Officer (Principal 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Michael D. Kandris 
 
 Executive Officer), Chief Operating Officer and Director 

/s/ BRYON
 T. MCGREGOR 

Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Bryon T. McGregor 
 
 and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ TERRY
 L. STONE 

Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Terry L. Stone 

/s/ DOUGLAS
 L. KIETA 

Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Douglas L. Kieta 

/s/ GILBERT
 E. NATHAN 

Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Gilbert E. Nathan 

/s/ DIANNE
 S. NURY 

Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Dianne S. Nury 

/s/ MARIA
 G. GRAY 

Director 
 
 March 14, 2023 
 
 Maria G. Gray 

- 51 - 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 f10k2022ex21-1_alto.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT

Exhibit
 21.1 

Subsidiary Name 
 
 State or Jurisdiction
 of
 
Incorporation or Organization 
 
 Kinergy Marketing LLC 
 
 Oregon 
 
 Alto Nutrients, LLC 
 
 California 
 
 Alto Op Co. 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Alto West, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Alto Columbia, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Alto Magic Valley, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Alto Central, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Alto Canton, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Alto Pekin, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Alto ICP, LLC 
 
 Delaware 
 
 Eagle Alcohol Company LLC 
 
 Missouri 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 f10k2022ex23-1_alto.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

Consent of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation
by reference in Registration Statements (Nos. 333-169002, 333-176540, 333-185884, 333-189478, 333-196876, 333-212070, 333-225622, 333-234613,
333-250180 and 333-266035) on Form S-8 and (Nos. 333-238939 and 333-268583) on Form S-3 of Alto Ingredients, Inc. of our reports dated
March 14, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting
of Alto Ingredients, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alto Ingredients, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ RSM US LLP 

Rochester, Minnesota 

 March 14, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex31-1_alto.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Michael D. Kandris, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alto Ingredients,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 14,
2023 
 
/s/ Michael D. Kandris 

Michael D. Kandris 

President and
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive
 Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 f10k2022ex31-2_alto.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

I, Bryon T. McGregor, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Alto Ingredients,
Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are
responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))
and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have
disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the
audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March
14, 2023 
 
/s/ Bryon T. McGregor 

Bryon T. McGregor 

Chief Financial
 Officer 
 (Principal
 Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex32-1_alto.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATIONS OF 
CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Alto Ingredients, Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report ),
the undersigned hereby certify in their capacities as Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, respectively,
pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1. the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 

2. the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Dated: March 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Michael D. Kandris 

Michael D. Kandris 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal Executive Officer) 

Dated: March 14, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Bryon T. McGregor 

Bryon T. McGregor 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer) 

A signed original of this written
statement required by Section 906, or other document authenticating, acknowledging, or otherwise adopting the signatures that appear in
typed form within the electronic version of this written statement required by Section 906, has been provided to the Company and will
be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 alto-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 alto-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 alto-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 alto-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 alto-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

