<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230307_10-K_edgar_data_1408146_0001654954-23-002495.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4565395</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>147520</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1441702</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1047844</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>718233</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1099079</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001654954-23-002495.hdr.sgml : 20230307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230307155417
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001654954-23-002495
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		82
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCANDIUM INTERNATIONAL MINING CORP.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001408146
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	METAL MINING [1000]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			A1
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-54416
		FILM NUMBER:		23712427

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1390 IONE PASS TRAIL
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89523
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-355-9500

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1390 IONE PASS TRAIL
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89523

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	EMC METALS CORP.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090921

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	GOLDEN PREDATOR MINES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20070727

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001654954-23-002495.txt : 20230307

10-K
 1
 scy_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

scy_10k.htm 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 FORM ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from _______________ to _______________ (Commission File Number) (Exact Name of Registrant as specified in its charter) British Columbia, (State or other Jurisdiction of Incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s Telephone Number, including area code: ) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None Securities to be registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: Common Shares without par value (Title of class) Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act (Check one): Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company Emerging Growth Company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No State the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates computed by reference to the price at which the common equity was sold, or the average bid and asked price of such common equity, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter: as at June 30, 2022. Indicate the number of shares outstanding of each of the registrant s classes of common equity, as of the latest practicable date: common shares as at March 7, 2023. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s Proxy Statement for the Annual Meeting of Stockholders are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Form 10-K, which Proxy Statement is to be filed within 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. TABLE OF CONTENTS Note about Forward-Looking Statements 3 Glossary of Terms 4 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 6 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 10 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES, PROJECTS, AND PATENTS 12 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 31 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 31 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 32 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 34 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 34 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 39 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 40 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 40 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 40 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 40 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES 42 2 PART I Note about Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements contained in this annual report on Form 10-K and the documents incorporated by reference herein constitute forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements may include, but are not limited to, statements with respect to the future price of commodities, the estimation of mineral resources, the realization of mineral resource estimates, the timing and amount of estimated future production, costs of production, capital expenditures, costs and timing of the development of new deposits, success of exploration activities, our ability to fund property acquisition costs, our ability to reach targeted time frames for establishing feasibility, permitting time lines, currency fluctuations, requirements for additional capital, government regulation of mining operations, environmental risks, unanticipated reclamation expenses, title disputes or claims, our ability to raise funds necessary for ongoing and planned expenditures and operations, and regulatory approvals. In certain cases, forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of words such as plans, expects or does not expect, is expected, scheduled, estimates, intends, anticipates or believes, or variations of such words and phrases or state that certain actions, events or results may, could, would or will be taken, occur or be achieved. Forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. Such factors may include, among others, risks related to our joint venture operations; actual results of current exploration activities or production technologies that we are currently testing; actual results of reclamation activities; future metal prices; accidents, labour disputes and other risks of the mining industry; delays in obtaining governmental or regulatory approvals or financing or in the completion of development activities, as well as those factors discussed in the section entitled Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Form 10-K. Although we have attempted to identify important factors that could cause actual actions, events or results to differ materially from those described in forward looking statements, there may be other factors that cause actions, events or results not to be as anticipated, estimated or intended. There can be no assurance that forward-looking statements will prove to be accurate, as actual results and future events could differ materially from those anticipated in such statements. Accordingly, readers should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements. 3 Glossary of Terms Company, SCY, we, us, our and similar words of similar meaning refer to Scandium International Mining Corp. , A , C mean respectively, United States dollars, Australian dollars and Canadian dollars. Alteration Usually referring to chemical reactions in a rock mass resulting from the passage of hydrothermal fluids. Assay An analysis to determine the presence, absence or quantity of one or more components, elements or minerals. Core The long cylindrical piece of a rock, up to several inches in diameter, brought to the surface by Diamond drilling. Diamond drilling A drilling method in which the cutting is done by abrasion using diamonds embedded in a matrix rather than by percussion. The drill cuts a core of rock, which is recovered in long cylindrical sections. Fractures Breaks in a rock, usually due to intensive folding or faulting. Grade The concentration of a valuable mineral within an Ore. Hydrothermal Hot fluids, usually water, which may or may not carry metals and other compounds in solution to the site of mineral deposition or wall rock alteration. Igneous A rock formed by the cooling of molten silicate material. Intrusion A general term for a body of igneous rock formed below the surface of the earth. Kg Kilogram which is equivalent to approximately 2.20 pounds. Km Kilometer which is equivalent to approximately 0.62 miles. Mineralization A term used to describe the presence of minerals of possible economic value. Also used to describe the process by which concentration of economic minerals occurs. Net Smelter Returns Royalty A share of the net revenues generated from the sale of metal produced by a mine. NI 43-101 National Instrument 43-101 Standards for Disclosure of Mineral Projects , being the regulation adopted by Canadian securities regulators that governs the public disclosure of technical and scientific information concerning a mineral property . Ore A naturally occurring solid material from which a metal or valuable mineral can be profitably extracted. Outcrop An exposure of rock at the earth s surface. ppm Parts per million. Pyrite Iron sulphide mineral. The most common and abundant sulphide mineral and often found in association with copper and gold. Qualified Person Means a Qualified Person as defined in National Instrument 43-101, including an engineer or geoscientist in good standing with their professional association, with at least five years of relevant experience. Quartz The second most common rock forming mineral in the earth s crust. SiO2. 4 Resource Means any of a measured, indicated or inferred resource as used in NI 43-101, and having the following meanings: measured resource is that part of a Mineral Resource for which quantity, grade or quality, densities, shape, and physical characteristics are so well established that they can be estimated with confidence sufficient to allow the appropriate application of technical and economic parameters, to support production planning and evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. The estimate is based on detailed and reliable exploration, sampling and testing information gathered through appropriate techniques from locations such as outcrops, trenches, pits, workings and drill holes that are spaced closely enough to confirm both geological and grade continuity. indicated resource is that part of a Mineral Resource for which quantity, grade or quality, densities, shape and physical characteristics, can be estimated with a level of confidence sufficient to allow the appropriate application of technical and economic parameters, to support mine planning and evaluation of the economic viability of the deposit. The estimate is based on detailed and reliable exploration and testing information gathered through appropriate techniques from locations such as outcrops, trenches, pits, workings and drill holes that are spaced closely enough for geological and grade continuity to be reasonably assumed. inferred resource is that part of a Mineral Resource for which quantity and grade or quality can be estimated on the basis of geological evidence and limited sampling and reasonably assumed, but not verified, geological and grade continuity. The estimate is based on limited information and sampling gathered through appropriate techniques from locations such as outcrops, trenches, pits, workings and drill holes. For the purposes of the above a mineral resource means a concentration or occurrence of diamonds, natural solid inorganic material, or natural solid fossilized organic material including base and precious metals, coal, and industrial minerals in or on the Earth s crust in such form and quantity and of such a grade or quality that it has reasonable prospects for economic extraction. The location, quantity, grade, geological characteristics and continuity of a Mineral Resource are known, estimated or interpreted from specific geological evidence and knowledge. (Please refer to Item 2. Properties - Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors Regarding Resource Estimates in regards to the use of the above terms in this Form 10-K.) Sulphide A class of minerals characterized by the linkage of sulphur with a metal (such as Pyrite (FeS2)). Tpd/Tpa Tonnes per day/tonnes per annum. Tonne A metric ton which is equivalent to approximately 2,204 pounds. Sediments The debris resulting from the weathering and breakup of rocks that have been deposited by or carried by runoff, streams and rivers, or left over from glacial erosion or sometimes from wind action. Vein A geological feature comprised of minerals (usually dominated by quartz) that are found filling openings in rocks created by faults or replacing rocks on either side of faults or fractures. 5 ITEM 1. BUSINESS General We were incorporated on July 17, 2006, under the laws of British Columbia, Canada under the name Golden Predator Mines Inc. We were incorporated as a wholly owned subsidiary of Energy Metals Corp. for the purpose of holding precious metals and certain specialty metals assets. In order to focus on specialty metals, during February 2009 we transferred most of our precious mineral assets to our then wholly owned subsidiary Golden Predator Corp., and on March 6, 2009, we completed a spin-out of Golden Predator Corp. to our shareholders. Effective March 12, 2009, we changed our name to EMC Metals Corp. In order to reflect a new emphasis on mining for scandium minerals, effective November 19, 2014, we changed our name to Scandium International Mining Corp SCY or the Company ). We are a reporting issuer in the Canadian Provinces of British Columbia, Alberta and Ontario and our common shares are listed for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the trading symbol SCY. Our head office is located at 1390 Ione Pass Trail, Reno, Nevada 89523. The address of our registered office is 1200 - 750 West Pender Street, Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, V6C 2T8. Our most advanced project is the Nyngan Scandium Project, located in New South Wales, Australia (the Nyngan Scandium Project ), on which we hold a mine lease grant and a development consent. We also hold an exploration license on a scandium mineral property located near Nyngan known as the Honeybugle Scandium property and a reservation on an exploration license on a scandium mineral property in Finland, known as the Kiviniemi Scandium property. During the first quarter of 2022, SCY completed an internal review of its portfolio of assets and projects. The purpose of this review was to determine the appropriate allocation of capital between the Company s scandium activities and the recently announced initiatives on Critical Metals Recovery (CMR) and High Purity Alumina (HPA). The board decided and announced on April 18, 2022, that the best return on invested capital for its shareholders was to prioritize the Company s portfolio of scandium assets including the Nyngan Scandium Project and to idle its CMR and HPA initiatives. As a result of the review, leadership changes were also made with the appointment of an interim CEO and CFO and a downsizing of the board to four directors. As its first priority, the new management completed a C 3.4 million non-brokered equity private placement which replenished cash balances and eliminated negative working capital. The second priority was to reduce costs and the Company has been successful in reducing corporate G A costs including being able to reverse over 1 million in accruals during 2022. Our plan of operation for 2023 is to continue to reduce costs and position the Company to benefit from the growing market adoption of Scandium. This includes moving forward with our patent portfolio and filing a new mine lease application to re-establish the original Mining License, giving access to the full scandium resource at Nyngan and conduct drilling campaigns at both Nyngan and Honeybugle to further delineate the resources. 6 Intercorporate Relationships The chart below illustrates our corporate structure on December 31, 2022, including our subsidiaries, the jurisdictions of incorporation, and the percentage of voting securities held. Pursuant to a share exchange agreement dated June 30, 2017, the Company acquired the remaining 20 interest in EMC Metals Australia Pty. Ltd. from Scandium Investments LLC SIL ). On completion of the share exchange, the Company issued an aggregate of 58,830,645 common shares to SIL and granted to SIL the right to nominate two individuals to the board of the Company for so long as SIL holds at least 15 of SCY s issued and outstanding shares, and one director for so long as SIL holds at least 5 but less than 15 of SCY s issued and outstanding shares. Business Operations Company, Projects and Markets Summary We are a mineral exploration and development company that is at an exploration stage. Our most advanced project is the Nyngan Scandium Project, located in New South Wales, Australia (the Nyngan Scandium Project ), on which we hold a mine lease grant, a development consent, and 100 of the mineral rights. The Company has completed a definitive feasibility study on the Nyngan Scandium Project dated May 4, 2016 (the Feasibility Study or DFS ), which was prepared independently in accordance with NI 43-101. The results of the DFS include a 16.9 million tonne measured and indicated resource (grading 235ppm at a 100ppm cut-off) and a 1.43 million tonne mineral reserve (combined proven and probable), based on economics established in that study. The DFS was filed on May 6, 2016, and is available on SEDAR (www.sedar.com), on the Company s website (www.scandiummining.com) and on the SEC s website www.sec.gov ). A summary of the DFS is provided herein under Item 2. Properties, Projects and Patents Description of Mineral Projects Nyngan Scandium Project Nyngan Feasibility Study . 7 The Company also holds exploration licenses on two separate scandium-prospective properties: an exploration license on the Honeybugle Scandium property, located 24 kilometers from the Nyngan Scandium Project, granted in 2014; and an exploration license on the Kiviniemi Scandium Property a scandium-prospective property in central Finland, granted in 2018. Corporate Objectives and Strategy Our corporate focus is the development of projects that enable the production and sale of scandium and scandium-based products. That scandium focus has now been expanded to include other specialty metals, identified by the US Department of Commerce on a list of 35 critical metals, which specifically includes scandium. In this regard, the Company remains open to pursuing various host project opportunities that can produce a basket of metal products, including scandium, along with other technology-driven critical metals. The Nyngan Scandium Project remains the most advanced project in the Company portfolio at this time, with permitting largely complete and a published DFS on SEDAR. Subject to successful construction financing and customer sales agreements, we intend to develop the Nyngan Scandium Project for production and supply of scandium oxide and scandium-content products. The Company has been successful in developing capability to manufacture an aluminum-scandium master alloy product, specifically for sale to aluminum alloy customers. This additional product capability enhances the Company s ability to sell scandium-containing products to the aluminum industry, and potentially generate additional margins in certain markets. For further information on the Nyngan Scandium Project, please refer to Item 2. Properties - Description of Mineral Projects Nyngan Scandium Project and Item 1A. Risk Factors. Product Markets for Scandium Scandium is the 31 st most abundant element in the earth s crust (average 33 ppm), which makes it more common than lead, mercury, and precious metals, but less common than copper. Scandium has characteristics that are similar to rare earth elements, and it is often classified as a member of that group, although it is technically a light transition metal. Scandium occurs in nature as an oxide, rarely occurs in concentrated quantities because it does not selectively combine with the common ore-forming anions and is very difficult to reduce to a pure metal state. Scandium is typically produced and sold as a powder, in oxide form, and known as scandium oxide, scandia or Sc 2 O 3 ., Global annual production estimates of scandium range from 15 tonnes to 20 tonnes, but accurate statistics are not available due to the lack of public information from countries in which scandium is currently being produced, specifically China and Russia. Two sources of scandium production outside of China and Russia have recently commenced production. The Taganito Nickel Mine in the Philippines (Sumitomo Metal Mining Co., Ltd.) reported sales of 16 tonnes of Scandium Oxalate in 2021. In October 2022, Rio Tinto announced that Rio Tinto Fer et Titane in Quebec plans to quadruple scandium oxide production capacity to 12 tonnes from its current 3 tonne per annum capacity. This C 30-35 million expansion is expected to produce incremental scandium oxide in 2024. There is no reliable pricing data on global scandium oxide trading. Scandium oxide is typically traded in small quantities, between private parties, and pricing is not transparent to other buyers or sellers as there is no clearing facility as is more common with commercially traded metals and commodities. The U.S. Geological Survey USGS in its latest available report (dated January 2022) documents the 2021 price of scandium oxide (99.99 grade) at US 2,200/kg, indicating a significant reduction from the 2020 price estimate of US 3,800/kg. They also estimate the global sales of scandium oxide to be between 15-25 tpy, principally from China, Russia and the Philippines. 8 Prices vary, based on purity and quantity supplied. The USGS pricing generally reflects small volume sales, with larger quantities selling at lower prices, typically under US 2,000/kg. USGS reporting also acknowledged that ex-works China prices for 99.99 purity oxide were considerably lower than US-observed prices in 2021, based on underutilization of existing Chinese production capacity. Scandium oxide grades of 95-99 are generally considered suitable for manufacturing AlSc 2 master alloy, the form demanded for aluminum alloy applications Scandium can also be effectively purchased in the form of aluminum-scandium (Al-Sc) master alloy, typically containing 2 scandium by weight. This product is the preferred form for manufacture of aluminum alloys containing scandium. The current January 2022 USGS report indicates the 2021 price for Al-Sc 2 master alloy at US 350/kg, slightly higher than the 2020 USGS average. Recent USGS estimated prices for Al-Sc 2 master alloy have also been high relative to commonly available prices ex-works China, which have trended under US 100/kg and are available in one tonne lots or greater today. Principal uses for scandium are in high-strength aluminum alloys, high-intensity metal halide lamps, electronics, and laser research. Recently developed applications include welding wire and fuel cells which are expected to be in future demand. Approximately 15 different commercial aluminum-scandium alloys have been developed, and some of them are used for aerospace applications. In Europe and the U.S., scandium-containing alloys have been evaluated for use in structural parts in commercial airplanes and high stress parts in automobile engines and brake systems. Military and aerospace applications are known to be of interest, although with less specificity. The combination of high strength, weldability and ductility makes aluminum-scandium alloys potentially attractive replacements for existing aluminum alloys in a number of applications where improved alloy properties can add value to final products. Competitive Conditions We compete with numerous other companies and individuals in the search for and the acquisition or control of attractive rare earth and specialty metals mineral properties and opportunities. Our ability to profitably build a portfolio of commercial operations in this market segment will depend on our acquisition success in finding and securing attractive positions for development, our ability to operate the plants and facilities we commit to construct, and our success in marketing the products we manufacture against competing producers in the marketplace. In regard to our plan to produce scandium, there are a limited number of scandium producers presently. If we are successful at becoming a producer of scandium, our ability to be competitive will require that we establish a reliable supply of scandium to the market, delivered at purity levels demanded by various applications, and that our operating costs generate satisfactory margins, recognizing true prices will be set by customers and competitors in a market that is yet to mature. Governmental Regulations and Environmental Laws The development of any of our mining properties will require numerous local and national government approvals and environmental permits. For further information about governmental approvals and permitting requirements, please refer to Item 1A. Risk Factors and Nyngan Scandium Project - Environmental Permitting/Development Consent/Mining Lease below for additional information . 9 Employees As at January 1, 2023, we have 5 full and part time employees. Our operations are managed by our officers with input from our directors. We engage geological, metallurgical, and engineering consultants from time to time as required to assist in evaluating our property interests and recommending and conducting work programs. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS In addition to the factors discussed elsewhere in this Form 10-K, the following are certain material risks and uncertainties that are specific to our industry and properties that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Risks Associated with the Nyngan Scandium Project There are technical challenges to scandium production that may render the Nyngan Scandium Project not economic. The economics of scandium recovery are known to be challenging. There are very few facilities producing scandium and the existing scandium producers are secretive in their techniques for recovery. In addition, the recovery of scandium product from laterite resources, such as are found on the Nyngan property, has not been demonstrated at an operating facility. The Nyngan processing facility design, if constructed, will be the first of its kind for scandium production. These factors increase the possibility that we will encounter unknown or unanticipated production and processing risks. Should we encounter any of these risks, they could increase the cost of production thereby reducing margins on the Nyngan Scandium Project or rendering it uneconomic. There is no guarantee that we will be able to finance the Nyngan Scandium Project for production. Any decision to proceed with production on the Nyngan Scandium Project will require significant production financing. Scandium projects are uncommon, and economic and production uncertainty may limit our ability to attract the required amount of capital to put the project into production. If we are unable to source production financing on commercially viable terms, we may not be able to proceed with the project and may have to write off our investment in the project. If we are successful at achieving scandium production, we may have difficulty selling scandium-containing products longer term. Scandium is characterized by unreliable supply, resulting in limited development of markets for scandium oxide. Markets may take longer to develop than anticipated, and Nyngan and other potential scandium producers may have to wait for products and applications to create adequate demand. Certain applications may require lengthy certification processes that could delay usage or acceptance. In addition, certain scandium applications require very high purity scandium product, which is much more difficult to produce than lower grade product. If we commence production, our inability to supply scandium in sufficient quantities, in a reliable and timely manner, and in the correct quality, could reduce the demand for any scandium produced from our projects and possibly render the project uneconomic. General Risks Associated with our Mining Activities and Company We may not receive permits necessary to proceed with the development of any of our advancing projects. The development of any of our mining properties, including the Nyngan Scandium Project, will require the acquisition and sustained possession of numerous local and national government approvals and permits. Our ability to secure all necessary permits required to develop any of our projects is unknown until such permits are received. If we cannot obtain or retain all necessary permits, the Nyngan Scandium Project cannot be developed, and our investment in the project potentially will be lost. While the critical permits for the Nyngan Scandium Project have been received, other permits remain outstanding at this time and continuing compliance with the terms of the permits is required. 10 Mineral Resource Estimates on our properties are subject to uncertainty and may not reflect what may be economically extracted. Resource estimates included for scandium on our Nyngan property are estimates only and no assurances can be given that the estimated levels of scandium minerals will actually be produced or that we will receive the metal prices assumed in determining our resources. Such estimates are expressions of judgment based on knowledge, mining experience, analysis of drilling and exploration results and industry practices. Estimates made at any given time may change significantly when new information becomes available or when parameters that were used for such estimates change. By their nature resource estimates are imprecise and depend, to a certain extent, upon statistical inferences which may ultimately prove unreliable. Furthermore, market price fluctuations in scandium, as well as increased capital or production costs or reduced recovery rates, may limit our ability to establish reserves at some future point on Nyngan, or on any of our properties. The extent to which more Nyngan project resources may ultimately be reclassified as proven or probable reserves is dependent upon the demonstration of their profitable recovery. The evaluation of reserves or resources is always influenced by economic and technological factors, which may change over time. Accordingly, further current resource estimates on our material properties may never be converted into reserves, or be economically extracted, and we may have to write off such properties or incur a loss on sale of our interest on such properties, which will likely reduce the value of our shares. Our operations are subject to losses due to exchange rate fluctuation . We maintain accounts in Canadian, Australian, Euro and U.S. currency. Our equity financings have to date been priced in Canadian dollars. All of our material projects and non-cash assets are located outside of both Canada and the USA, however, and require regular currency conversions to local currencies where such projects and assets are located. Our operations are accordingly subject to foreign currency fluctuations and such fluctuations may materially affect our financial position and results. We do not engage in currency hedging activities. We do not currently earn any revenue and without additional funding, we will not be able to carry out our business plan, and if we raise additional funding existing security holders may experience dilution. As an exploration stage mining company, none of our principal properties are in operation and we do not currently earn any revenue. In order to continue our exploration activities and to meet our obligations on the Nyngan Scandium Project, we will need to raise additional funds. Recently, we have relied entirely on the sale of our securities to raise funds for operations. Our ability to continue to raise funds from the sale of our securities is subject to significant uncertainty due to volatility in the mineral exploration marketplace. If we are able to raise funds from the sale of our securities, existing security holders may experience significant dilution of their ownership interests and possibly to the value of their existing securities. 11 Risks Related to the COVID-19 Pandemic. The current outbreak of the novel coronavirus (COVID-19) that was first reported from Wuhan, China in December 2019, and the spread of this virus could continue to have a material adverse effect on global economic conditions which may adversely impact our business. The World Health Organization (WHO) declared a global emergency on January 30, 2020 with respect to the outbreak and characterized it as a pandemic on March 11, 2020. Cases of COVID-19 have been reported in 223 countries, areas or territories as of February 17, 2021, including China, Australia, the United States, Canada and countries in the European Union. The extent to which the outbreak impacts the Company s business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the coronavirus and the actions to contain the outbreak or treat its impact, among others. Moreover, the actual and threatened spread of the coronavirus globally could also have a material adverse effect on the regional economies in which the Company intends to operate, continue to negatively impact stock markets and adversely impact the Company s ability to raise capital. Any of these developments, and others, could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business. In particular, the COVID-19 pandemic has resulted in restrictions including quarantines, closures, cancellations and travel restrictions, which may have a material adverse effect on the Company s business including delays or disruptions in regulatory submissions, exploration activities on the Nyngan Scandium Project and CMR Project development. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES , PROJECTS AND PATENTS Cautionary Note to U.S. Investors Regarding Resource Estimates The Company s technical disclosure in this section uses certain terms which are defined by the Canadian Institute of Mining, Metallurgy and Petroleum, and required to be disclosed in accordance with Canadian National Instrument 43-101 NI 43-101 ). The disclosure standards in the United States Securities and Exchange Commission s (the SEC Subpart 1300 of Regulation S-K contain significant differences from the disclosure requirements of NI 43-101 and information presented in this section may not be comparable with United States standards in documents filed with the SEC. Accordingly, information concerning mineral deposits set forth in this section may not be comparable with information presented by companies using only United States standards in their public disclosures. Description of Mineral Projects Nyngan Scandium Project Property Description and Location The Nyngan Scandium Project site is located approximately 450 kilometres northwest of Sydney, NSW, Australia and approximately 20 kilometres due west from the town of Nyngan, a rural town of approximately 2,900 people. The deposit is located 5 kilometres south of Miandetta, off the Barrier Highway that connects the towns of Nyngan and Cobar. Final license area access is reached by clay farm tracks. The general area can be characterized as flat agricultural land, used predominantly for wheat farming and livestock grazing. Infrastructure in the area is good, including available water and electric power. The property is classified as an Australia Property for financial statement segment information purposes. 12 The general location of the Nyngan Scandium Project is provided in Figure 1 below. Figure 1: Location of Nyngan Scandium Project Note: None of the Existing Mines identified in Figure 1 produce scandium. The scandium resource is hosted within the lateritic zone of the Gilgai Intrusion, one of several Alaskan-type mafic and ultramafic bodies which intrude Cambrian-Ordovician metasediments collectively called the Girilambone Group. The laterite zone, locally up to 40 meters thick, is layered with hematitic clay at the surface followed by limonitic clay, saprolitic clay, weathered bedrock and finally fresh bedrock. The scandium mineralization is concentrated within the hematitic, limonitic, and saprolitic zones with values up to 350 ppm scandium. 13 Figure 2: Location of the Exploration Licenses and Mining Lease for the Nyngan Scandium Project Mineral License Details The scandium resource is held under Exploration License (EL) 8316 (Block Number 3132, units d, e, j, k and Block no. 3133, unit f) and EL 6096 (Block 3132, unit p, and Block 3133, units l, m, r and s); a total of ten (10) graticular units. The exploration licenses allow the license holder to conduct exploration on private land (with landowner consents and signed compensation agreements in place) and public lands not including wildlife reserves, heritage areas or National Parks. The scandium resource is fully enclosed on private agricultural land. The Company s Australian subsidiary holds legal title to specific surface and mineral exploration rights on the Nyngan Scandium Project. During 2017, an additional EL (EL 8448) was granted. Figure 2 provides details of the location of EL 8448 and the locations of Mining Lease 1792 and Mining Lease Application 531, both of which overlay the exploration license area. The exploration licenses cover 29.25 square kilometers (2,925 hectares). The resource site is located at geographic coordinates MGA zone 55, GDA 94, Lat: - 31.5987, Long: 146.9827, Map Sheets 1:250k Cobar (SH/55-14) and 1:100k Hermidale (8234). The project surface rights (freehold) total 810 acres (370 hectares) on the portion of the exploration license area corresponding to the Mine Lease 1792 area. The freehold property boundaries are defined by standard land survey techniques undertaken by the Lands Department and currently presented in the form of Cadastral Deposited Plans (DP) and Lots. The land associated with the project rights is DP 752879, Lots 6 and 7 (Appendix 2, Lots 6 and 7 - Nyngan). 14 The Company is required to lodge individual A 10,000 environmental bonds with the NSW Mines Department for each license and must meet total minimum work requirements annually of approximately A 65,000, covering both licenses. Royalties attached to the properties include a 1.5 Net Profits Interest royalty to private parties involved with the early exploration on the property, a 1.7 Net Smelter Returns Royalty payable to Jervois for 12 years after production commences, subject to terms in the settlement agreement, and a 0.7 royalty on gross mineral sales to a private investor. Another revenue royalty is payable to private interests of 0.2 , subject to a US 370k cap. A NSW minerals royalty will also be levied on the project, subject to negotiation, currently 4 on revenue. Metallurgy Development The Company has invested in and developed methodology for extracting scandium from the Nyngan property resource since 2010. A portion of the work done over this period has been superseded by work that followed, but subsequent test programs universally benefitted from prior efforts. In summary, the programs have been as follows: 2010 The Company inherited work done on Nyngan from the previous property owner, and applied that work to a quick flowsheet and capital estimate done for management by Roberts Schaefer of Salt Lake City, Utah; 2011 The Company employed Hazen Research, Inc., of Golden, Colorado, USA Hazen to test acid baking techniques and solvent extraction SX processes with Nyngan resource material. The Company also employed SGS-Lakefield (Ontario) to test pressure acid leach techniques on Nyngan resource, as a replacement for or an enhancement to acid bake techniques done earlier in the year by Hazen; 2012 The Company engaged SNC-Lavalin to do an economic study for management, utilizing an acid bake flowsheet and SX work from the Hazen test program; 2014 The Company published a preliminary economic assessment PEA entitled NI 43-101F1 Technical Report on the Feasibility of the Nyngan Scandium Project, authored by Larpro Pty Ltd, utilizing both Hazen and SGS-Lakefield test work results; and 2015 The Company amended and refiled the 2014 PEA Report as the Amended Technical Report and Preliminary Economic Analysis on the Nyngan Scandium Project, NSW, Australia . 2016 The Company published an independently prepared definitive feasibility study DFS on the Nyngan Scandium Project. The technical report on the feasibility study entitled Feasibility Study Nyngan Scandium Project, Bogan Shire, NSW, Australia was independently compiled pursuant to the requirements of NI 43-101 and incorporated the results of current and previous test work. Nyngan Definitive Feasibility Study On April 18, 2016, the Company announced the results of an independent definitive feasibility study on the Nyngan Scandium Project. The technical report on the feasibility study entitled Feasibility Study Nyngan Scandium Project, Bogan Shire, NSW, Australia is dated May 4, 2016, and was independently compiled pursuant to the requirements of NI 43-101 (the Feasibility Study or DFS ). The report was filed on May 6, 2016 and is available on SEDAR www.sedar.com ), the Company s website www.scandiummining.com and the SEC s website (www.sec.gov). A full discussion on the technical report was provided in the Company s Form 10Q for the quarterly period ending March 31, 2016, as filed with the SEC and on SEDAR on May 13, 2016. 15 The Feasibility Study concluded that the Nyngan Scandium Project has the potential to produce an average of 37,690 kilograms of scandium oxide (scandia) per year, at grades of 98.0 -99.8 , generating an after-tax cumulative cash flow over a 20 year project life of US 629 million, with an NPV 10 of US 177 million. The average process plant feed grade over the 20 year project life is 409ppm of scandium. The financial results of the Feasibility Study are based on a conventional flow sheet, employing continuous high pressure acid leach (HPAL) and solvent extraction (SX) techniques. The flow sheet was modeled and validated from METSIM modeling and considerable bench scale/pilot scale metallurgical test work utilising Nyngan resource material. A number of the key elements of this flowsheet work have been protected by the Company under US patent applications. The Feasibility Study has been developed and compiled to an accuracy level of +15 /-5 , by a globally recognized engineering firm that has considerable expertise in laterite deposits and process facilities, as well as in smaller mining and processing projects, and has excellent familiarity with the Nyngan Scandium Project location and environment. Nyngan Scandium Project Highlights Capital cost estimate for the project is US 87.1 million, (2016 Dollars) Annual scandium oxide product volume averages 37,690 kg, over 20 years, Annual revenue of US 75.4 million (oxide price assumption of US 2,000/kg), Operating cost estimate for the project is US 557/kg scandium oxide, Project Constant Dollar NPV10 is US 177 million, (NPV8 is US 225 million), Project Constant Dollar IRR is 33.1 , Oxide product grades of 98-99.8 , as based on customer requirements, Project resource increases by 40 to 16.9 million tonnes, grading 235ppm Sc, at a 100ppm cut-off in the measured and indicated categories, and Project Reserve totalling 1.43 million tonnes, grading 409ppm Sc was established on part of the resource. The Feasibility Study consolidates a significant amount of metallurgical test work and prior study on the Nyngan Scandium Project. The metallurgical assumptions are supported by various bench and pilot scale independent test work programs that are consistent with known outcomes in other laterite resources. A number of the key elements of this flowsheet work have been protected by the Company under US Patent Applications. The Feasibility Study delivered a positive result on the Nyngan Scandium Project, and recommends the Nyngan Scandium Project owners seek finance and proceed to construction, provided suitable offtake agreements with customers are arranged Confirmatory Metallurgical Test Results The final Nyngan Project DFS contained several recommended confirmatory process investigations be undertaken prior to commencing detailed engineering and construction. Specific study areas included pressure leach HPAL ), counter-current decant circuits CCD ), solvent extraction SX ), and oxalate precipitation, with specific work steps suggested in each area. The Company engaged Altrius Engineering Services (AES) of Brisbane, Australia to undertake these studies, which AES devised and supervised at the SGS laboratory in Perth, Australia and at the Nagrom laboratory in Brisbane, Australia. 16 On June 29, 2016, the Company announced the results of the subsequent AES metallurgical test work, which confirmed recoveries and efficiencies that either meet or exceed the parameters used in the DFS. Highlights of the independent testing were as follows: Pressure leach test work achieved 88 recoveries, from larger volume tests, Settling characteristics of leach discharge slurry show substantial improvement, Residue neutralization work meets or exceeds all environmental requirements as presented in the DFS and the environmental impact statement, Solvent extraction circuit optimization tests generated improved performance, exceeding 99 recovery in single pass systems, and Product finish circuits produced 99.8 scandium oxide, completing the recovery process from Nyngan ore to finished scandia product. Engineering, Procurement and Construction Management Contract On May 30, 2017, the Company announced that its subsidiary EMC Metals Australia Pty. Ltd. signed an Engineering, Procurement and Construction Management EPCM contract with Lycopodium Minerals Pty Ltd Lycopodium ), to build the Nyngan Scandium Project in New South Wales, Australia. The EPCM contract also provides for start-up and commissioning services. As it has been more than five years since initial signing, a new contract with similar provisions will be required. The EPCM contract appoints Lycopodium (Brisbane, QLD, Australia) to manage all aspects of project construction. Lycopodium is the principal engineering firm involved with the DFS. Lycopodium s continued involvement in project construction and commissioning ensures valuable technical and management continuity for the project during the construction and start-up of the project. On October 19, 2017, we announced that Lycopodium has been instructed to initiate critical path engineering for the Nyngan Scandium Project. Lycopodium commenced work on select critical path components for the project, including design and specification engineering on the high-pressure autoclave unit, associated flash and splash vessels and several specialized high-pressure input pumps. The engineering work was completed in 2018 and will enable final supplier selection, firm component pricing and delivery dates for these key process components. Environmental Permitting/Development Consent/Mining Lease On May 2, 2016, the Company announced the filing of an Environmental Impact Statement EIS with the New South Wales, Australia, Department of Planning and Environment, (the Department in support of the planned development of the Nyngan Scandium Project. The EIS was prepared by R.W. Corkery Co. Pty. Limited, on behalf of the Company s subsidiary, EMC Metals Australia Pty. Ltd. EMC Australia ), to support an application for Development Consent for the Nyngan Scandium Project. The EIS is a complete document, including a Specialist Consultants Study Compendium, and was submitted to the Department on April 29, 2016. 17 EIS Highlights: The EIS finds residual environmental impacts represent negligible risk. The proposed development design achieves sustainable environmental outcomes. The EIS finds net-positive social and economic outcomes for the community. Nine independent environmental consulting groups conducted analysis over five years, and contributed report findings to the EIS. The Nyngan project development is estimated to contribute A 12.4M to the local and regional economies, and A 39M to the State and Federal economies, annually The EIS is fully aligned with the DFS and with a NSW Mining License Application for the Nyngan project. Conclusion statement in the EIS: In light of the conclusions included throughout this Environmental Impact Statement , it is assessed that the Proposal could be constructed and operated in a manner that would satisfy all relevant statutory goals and criteria, environmental objectives and reasonable community expectations. EIS Discussion The EIS is the foundation document submitted by a developer intending to build a mine facility in Australia. The Nyngan Scandium Project is considered a State Significant Project, in that capital cost exceeds A 30million, which means State agencies are designated to manage the investigation and approval process for granting a Development Consent from the Minister of Planning and Environment. This Department will manage the review of the Proposal through a number of State and local governmental agencies. The EIS is a self-contained set of documents used to seek a Development Consent. It is however, supported in many ways by the recently completed DFS. On November 10, 2016, the Company announced that the Development Consent had been granted. This Development Consent represents an approval to develop the Nyngan Scandium Project and is based on the EIS. The Development Consent follows an in-depth review of the EIS, the project plan, community impact studies, public EIS exhibition and commentary, and economic viability, and involved more than 12 specialized governmental agencies and groups. Mining Lease During July 2019, EMC Australia received notice of approval for its mining lease (ML) application. The ML (ML 1792) overlays select areas previously covered by exploration licenses and represents the final major development approval required from the NSW Government to begin construction on the project. The ML 1792 grant is issued for a period of 21 years and is based on the development plans and intent submitted in the ML application. The ML can be modified by NSW regulatory agencies, as requested by EMC Australia over time, to reflect changing operating conditions. In addition to these two key governmental approvals, other required licenses and permits must be acquired but are considered routine and require only compliance with fixed standards and objective measurements. These remaining approvals include submittal of numerous plans and reports supporting compliance with Development Consent and Mining Lease. In addition, the following water, roads, dam and electrical access reviews and arrangements must be finalized: Water Supply Works and Use Approval and Water Access License, State and local approval for construction of the intersection of the Site Access Road and Gilgai Road, An approval from the NSW Dams Safety Committee for the design and construction of the Residue Storage Facility, and A high voltage connection agreement with Essential Energy. 18 The 2019 ML 1792 grant covers 810 acres (370 hectares) of surface area fully owned by the Company, an area adequate to construct and operate a scandium mine of a scale outlined in the definitive Feasibility Study. The Company had originally filed a mining lease application (MLA 531) covering an area of 874 hectares, which was granted in 2017 as a mining lease (ML 1763), and later ruled invalid. At that time, it was unknown, to both the Department and the Company, that a local landowner had filed a prior, timely and valid objection to the granting of that mining lease. The reduction in area between the initial 2017 ML 1763 and the replacement 2019 ML 1792 represented acreage protested in an Agricultural Land objection lodged by a local landowner. The landowner holds freehold surface ownership over a portion of the original grant that was previously covered by the 2017 ML 1763. On September 10, 2020, the Company announced receipt of a final determination letter from the Deputy Secretary, Department of Regional NSW, Division of Mining, Exploration and Geoscience resolving the outstanding objection filed by the landowner in 2016. Written advice from the Department to the Company makes clear that all required independent investigative processes, and all affected party comment periods, are now completed, and the Department s decision is final. There are further state courts of appeal available to the landowner, but the facts supporting this final decision are confirmed by the NSW Department of Primary Industry and follow governing law. This Final Determination from the NSW Government will again allow all measured and indicated resource included in the Nyngan Scandium Project DFS to be reinstated in a new mining lease grant, for which the Company intends to file application. Downstream Scandium Products In February 2011, we announced results of a series of laboratory-scale tests investigating the production of aluminum-scandium master alloys directly from aluminum oxide and scandium oxide feed materials. The overall objective of this research was to demonstrate and commercialize the production of aluminum-scandium master alloy using impure scandium oxide as the scandium source, potentially significantly improving the economics of aluminum-scandium master alloy production. In 2014, the Company announced it applied for a US patent on master alloy production, which is still in the application phase. During the 2015-2017 timeframe, we continued our own internal laboratory-scale investigations into the production of aluminum-scandium master alloys, furthering our understanding of commercial processes and achievable recoveries. We advanced our abilities to make a standard-grade 2 scandium master alloy product typical of commercially available products offered today. On March 2, 2017, we announced the signing of a Memorandum of Understanding MOU with Weston Aluminium Pty Ltd. Weston of Chatswood, NSW, Australia. The MOU defines a cooperative commercial alliance to jointly develop the capability to manufacture aluminum-scandium master alloy. The intended outcome of this alliance will be to develop the capability to offer Nyngan Scandium Project aluminum alloy customers scandium in form of Al-Sc master alloy, should customers prefer that product form. The MOU outlines steps to jointly establish the manufacturing parameters, metallurgical processes, and capital requirements to convert Nyngan Scandium Project scandium product into Master Alloy, at Weston s existing production site in NSW. The MOU does not include a binding contract with commercial terms at this stage, although the intent is to pursue the necessary technical elements to arrive at a commercial contract for conversion of scandium oxide to master alloy, and to do so prior to first mine production from the Nyngan Scandium Project. 19 On March 5, 2018, the Company announced that it had initiated a small-scale pilot program (4kg scale) at the Alcereco Inc. metallurgical research facilities in Kingston, Ontario, to confirm and refine previous lab-scale work on the manufacture of aluminum-scandium 2 master alloy (MA). The program advanced the process understanding for commercial scale upgrade of Nyngan scandium oxide product to master alloy product. The 2018 pilot program consisted of five separate trials on two MA product types, production of MA in various forms, and dross analysis to ascertain scandium recoveries to product. The mass of master alloy and product variants produced in the program totaled approximately 20kg and was completed in December of 2018. The results of the program included the successful production of 2 grade MA, with recoveries of scandium to product of 85 . A second phase of the small-scale pilot program was initiated in the first half of 2019, again at 4kg scale, building on the work done in phase I. The results of this second program included successful production of 2 grade MA, with improvements in form of rapid kinetics, and recoveries of scandium to product of +90 . On March 5, 2018, the Company also announced that it filed for patent protection on certain process refinements for master alloy manufacture that it believes are novel methods, and also on certain product variants that it believes represent novel forms of introducing scandium more directly into aluminum alloys. Master Alloy Capability Demonstrated On February 24, 2020, the Company announced the completion of a three year, three stage program to demonstrate the capability to manufacture aluminum-scandium master alloy (Al-Sc2 ), from scandium oxide, using a patent pending melt process involving aluminothermic reactions. This master alloy capability will allow the Company to offer scandium product from the Nyngan Scandium Project in a form that is used directly by aluminum alloy manufacturers globally, either major integrated manufacturers or smaller wrought or casting alloy consumers. Research Highlights: Program achieved full 2 target product quality requirement, Sc recoveries from oxide exceeded target, demonstrated in final tests, The microstructure and metal quality meet major alloy producers specifications, Rapid kinetics achieved, important for commercial viability, Individual testing batches done at 4kg scale, and Successful program testing forms a basis for a larger scale demonstration facility, supporting large scale samples required for industrial aluminum alloy trials. Focus on Aluminum Alloy Applications for Scandium Products The Company is in the process of obtaining sales agreements for scandium products produced from our Nyngan Scandium Project. Our focus is on the use of scandium as an alloying ingredient in aluminum-based products. The specific scandium product forms we intend to sell from the Nyngan project include both scandium oxide (Sc 2 O 3 and aluminum-scandium master alloys (Al-Sc 2 ). 20 Scandium as an alloying agent in aluminum allows for aluminum metal products that are much stronger, more easily weldable and exhibit improved performance at higher temperatures than current aluminum-based materials. This also means lighter structures, lower manufacturing costs and improved performance in areas that aluminum alloys do not currently compete. Letters of Intent Signed with Aluminum Scandium Alloy Testing Partners During 2018 and 2019, the Company announced that it entered into letter of intent LOI agreements with nine unrelated partnering entities who either manufactured parts from aluminum or consumed aluminum in the making of products. In each instance, we agreed to contribute scandium samples, either in form of scandium master alloy product, or aluminum-scandium alloy product, for trial testing by the partners in their downstream manufacturing applications. Each of the parties in receipt of the scandium samples agreed to report the general results of their testing programs, once completed. One of the agreements, specifically with Eck Industries, was extended in 2020 to a wider development program. While most of these formal LOI agreements have expired, they are representative of end user interest in scandium and were designed to demonstrate how scandium performs in specific products, and in production-specific environments. Potential scandium customers insist on these sample testing opportunities, directly in their research facilities or on their shop floor, to ensure their full understanding of the impacts, benefits, and costing implications of introducing scandium into their traditional aluminum feedstocks. The results of the nine programs varied, with some showing positive results and others either showing little advantage or not enough to offset cost impacts. Some outcomes were limited in significant ways by the parameters of the testing itself. Based on the reported testing results, all nine partners would need to enter into new testing agreements, with more compelling outcomes, in order to contemplate the introduction of scandium into the aluminum alloy contained in their products in the future. Some further specifics: Alloy Casting Partners . Four agreements were executed with the following entities: Eck Industries Inc. (Manitowoc, Wisconsin, USA), Grainger Worrall Ltd., based in Shropshire, UK, Ohm H ner Metallwerk GmbH Co. GK, based in Olpe, Germany, and Bronze-Alu Group, based in La Couture-Boussey, northern France. Eck Industries is expected to continue their work with scandium (and cerium) additions in cast alloys, based on success in strength retention in high heat environments. The other groups did not see cost-offsetting benefits in existing alloys with existing customers. Wrought Aluminum Manufacturing Partners. Two agreements were executed with the following entities: Austal Ltd. headquartered in Henderson, Western Australia, and Gr nges AB, based in Stockholm, Sweden. Results on marine alloys with Austal were encouraging, but further development of both plate and wire samples were deemed required to draw commercially favorable conclusions. Both corrosion and weld strength properties were pursued. Results on heat exchanger alloys with Gr nges were ultimately less successful, based on the impacts of downstream manufacturing processes on scandium, and a challenging cost environment in the business sector. Metal Forming Partners. Two agreements were executed with the following entities: Impression Technologies Ltd., based in Coventry, UK., and PAB Coventry Ltd., based in Coventry, UK. These entities were both interested in determining whether ITLdefine? sheet-forming technology would see advantage in shaping aluminum containing scandium. A brief testing regime indicated that the machines saw no improvement, and in fact had difficulty managing the properties in the AlSc samples provided. 21 3D Print Partners. Only one agreement was executed, with AML Technologies, based in Adelaide, Australia. SCY found significant challenge in sourcing quality AlSc wire for AML, and also for making suitable wire for this purpose ourselves. However, AML has had success with other wire sourcing partners, and ultimately received sample material in wire form from SCY. AML has not provided test results on SCY-supplied samples to date. Our independent testing results on these wire samples have been favorable. While working with these nine industry partner groups during the 2018-2021 period, the Company also pursued independent work on aluminum-scandium alloys in two areas: welding/heat tolerance and electrical conductivity. Results of the work in both of these areas is incomplete but shows good promise in specific applications. SCY s intent is to continue to pursue opportunities to test these specific property-driven applications for aluminum-scandium alloys with appropriate testing partners in the future, whether those partners and programs can be disclosed or not disclosed. The Company s objectives regarding all future sample and testing programs with industry participants remains unchanged to build a market for scandium alloys and to secure long term customers for the purchase of scandium products supplied by SCY. Use Of Scandium in Lithium-Ion Batteries On September 24, 2020, the Company announced the filing of a provisional patent application with the US Patent Office seeking patent rights on various applications of scandium in lithium-ion batteries. The patent application covers a number of scandium enhancements, including doping potential for both anodes and cathodes, and for solid electrolytes. Patent Application Highlights: US Patent Application filed for use of scandium in lithium-ion battery applications. Scandium doping applications are explained for anodes, cathodes and electrolytes. Scandium offers conductivity advantages as a dopant, over other options, and Scandium in other aluminum components offers numerous property improvements, including conductivity, strength and corrosion resistance. Rechargeable lithium-ion batteries (LIBs) are a staple of everyday life. The search for improved performance through design and materials advances is intense today. Considerable effort is being expended in developing next-generation materials for LIBs that will make batteries safer, lighter, more durable, faster to charge, more powerful, and more cost-effective. A sampling of some these efforts are as follows: Minimizing or removing cobalt from cathode materials, based on cost, supply and geographic sourcing issues. Improving the durability of liquid electrolytes with dopants, or substitution with safer and higher performing liquid or solid electrolyte systems. Designing for higher voltage potential by utilizing different anode or cathode materials. Determining combinations of metals that can better withstand harsh internal conditions. Scandium, along with other specialty metals, has a clear role to play in each of these areas. One particularly promising area for scandium contributions is in a lithium nickel manganese oxide (LNMO) battery. The cathode in this design substitutes manganese for cobalt and supports a higher nickel content as well. The substitution then delivers higher working potentials (voltage), higher energy densities, and faster charge/discharge rates, all of which offer the promise of improved battery performance. 22 Delivering on that promise requires a number of improvements, including employing a dopant for stabilization of the manganese in certain cathode compositions, potential stabilization of lithium titanate (LTO) anode materials as well, and use of dopants to improve the conductivity of both these anode and cathode materials. Conventional liquid electrolytes may see improved function and longevity with the improved cathode and anode conductivity. Scandium represents a suitable and effective dopant in each of these applications. Solid state electrolytes (SSEs) represent another potential break-through improvement in LIBs. They will handle higher voltages, higher temperatures, greater power densities, are potentially easier to package, and are considered safer in use. Scandium represents a suitable and effective dopant in these applications, analogous to the use of scandium to stabilize solid zirconia electrolytes in solid oxide fuel cells. Recently technical papers (available upon request) covering the use of Lithium Super Ion Conductors (LiSICON) for SSEs have indicated that primary compounds containing scandium, such as Li 3 Sc 2 (PO 4 3 , LiScP 2 O 7 and Li 3 Sc(BO 3 2 , LiScO 2 as well as certain doped compounds such as Li 1.33 ScSi 0.33 P 1.67 O 7 , Li 3.375 Mg 0.375 Sc 0.625 (BO 3 2 , Li 1.5 Al 0.33 Sc 0.17 Ge 1.5 (PO 4 3 , etc. can provide desirable crystal structural frameworks for solid state electrolytes. Non-oxide LiSICON fast conductors have also been identified recently, such as some lithium cryolite types: Li 3 ScCl 6 , as well as its fluoride counterpart Li 3 ScF 6 . Lithium-ion batteries employ aluminum in a number of areas, specifically in cathode structure, current connectors, and in general battery structure. Aluminum-scandium alloys represent an enhanced aluminum alloy option, based on their combination of conductivity and strength. The intent of this SCY patent filing was to advise the battery industry that scandium is a prospective dopant choice for enhanced performance of LIBs, both under existing design parameters and in particular for certain next-gen lithium-ion batteries. We want to ensure that battery research and design groups consider scandium additions, amongst their various materials choices, as they race to build a better lithium-ion battery. Honeybugle Scandium Property On April 2, 2014, the Company announced that it had secured a 100 interest in an exploration license (EL 7977) covering 34.7 square kilometers in New South Wales (NSW), Australia referred to as the Honeybugle Scandium property. The license area is located approximately 24 kilometers west-southwest from SCY s Nyngan Scandium Project. The license area covers part of the Honeybugle geologic complex and will carry that name in our future references to the property. The ground was released by the prior holder, and SCY intends to explore the property for scandium and other metals. The Company does not consider the Honeybugle Scandium property to be a material property at this time. No resources or reserves are known to exist on the property. The property is classified as an Australian property for purposes of financial statement segment information. 23 The location of the Honeybugle Scandium property is provided below. Figure 3. Location of Honeybugle Scandium property Honeybugle Drill Results On May 7, 2014, the Company announced completion of an initial program of 30 air core (AC) drill holes on the property, specifically at the Seaford anomaly, targeting scandium (Sc). Results on 13 of these holes are shown in detail in the table below. These holes suggest the potential for scandium mineralization on the property similar to our Nyngan Scandium Project. Highlights of initial drilling program results are as follows: The highest 3-meter intercept graded 572 ppm scandium (hole EHAC 11); EHAC 11 also generated two additional high grade scandium intercepts, grading 510 ppm and 415 ppm, each over 3 meters; The program identified a 13-hole cluster which was of particular interest; Intercepts on these 13 holes averaged 270 ppm scandium over a total 273 meters at an average continuous thickness of 21 meters per hole, representing a total of 57 (354 meters) of total initial program drilling; The 13 holes produced 29 individual (3-meter) intercepts over 300 ppm, representing 31 of the mineralized intercepts in the 273 meters of interest; and This initial 30-hole AC exploratory drill program generated a total of 620 meters of scandium drill/assay results, over approximately 1 square kilometer on the property. 24 The detail results of 13 holes in the initial drill program are as follows: Table 1. Results of 13-Hole Initial Drill Program Seaford is characterized by extensive outcrops of dry, iron-rich laterites, allowing for a particularly shallow drill program. Thirty (30) air core (AC) holes on nominal 100-meter spacing were planned, over an area of approximately 1 square kilometer. Four holes were halted in under 10 meters depth, based on thin laterite beds, low scandium grades, and shallow bedrock. The 13 holes highlighted in the table are grouped together on either side of Coffills Lane and represent all of the drill locations where meaningful intercept thickness generated scandium grades exceeding 175 ppm. Some of these 13 holes showed significant scandium values on the immediate surface, and alternately, other holes exhibited favorable scandium grades that began at shallow depth. The highest-grade Sc sample was found in a 21-24 meter interval (572 ppm), although several holes produced better than 350 ppm Sc intercepts at depths of under 9 meters. The deepest hole (EHAC 7) was drilled to 57 meters, showing good scandium grades over a 12-meter horizon (245 ppm) near the bottom of the hole, from 39 to 51 meters depth. Higher scandium grades were associated with higher iron levels. Holes were drilled to a depth where they contacted the fresh ultramafic bedrock, which generally signaled the end of any scandium enrichment zones. 25 The drill plan divided Seaford into four sub-areas, 1-4, as highlighted Figure 2, below. Area 1 was relatively higher ground and therefore the least impacted by ground moisture. Consequently, this dryer area received the greatest attention, although that had been the general intention in the plan. Area 1 received 17 holes, with 13 presented in detail in the table above. Areas 2-4 were each intended as step-out areas that need to be further examined in the next program. The three step-out areas did not generate results of particular note, although hole locations were not optimal due to ground conditions and access. Area 2 received 3 holes, 60 meters total, and generated Sc grades from 45-75 ppm, Area 3 received 4 holes, 87 meters total, and generated Sc grades from 47-122 ppm, Area 4 received 5 holes, 72 meters total, and generated Sc grades from 60-101 ppm, and The average depth of all of these holes was 18 meters, with the deepest 30 meters. Figure 2. Initial Drill Program Map This 13-hole cluster (Area 1) was noted to be in a relatively thick laterite zone which was constrained to the west by contact with meta-sediments, to the east by fresh ultramafic bedrock, and to some extent in the north by a poor intersection result in hole 30. Area 1 remains somewhat open to the south, with the two southern-most holes (EHAC 9 and EHAC 29) generating some of the best scandium grade intercepts in the area. The surface and near surface mineralization at this property is an advantage, both in locating areas of interest for future exploration work, and also because of extremely low overburden ratios. This particular characteristic for the Honeybugle Scandium property is different from our Nyngan Scandium Project, where mineralization is typically covered by 10-20 meters of barren alluvium. Further drilling at Seaford is warranted, based on the results of this introductory and modest program, specifically to the north and south of the existing area 1 drill pattern, along with investigation and select drilling at the other three remaining anomalies on the property. 26 During 2018, we performed site work at the Honeybugle Scandium property to meet the expenditure commitment to maintain the exploration license. That 2018 work did not change the previous conclusions, as described above. Work is planned for 2023 on the property. Qualified Person and Quality Assurance/Quality Control John Thompson, B.E. (Mining); Vice President - Development at SCY is a qualified person as defined in NI 43-101 and has reviewed the technical information on this property. The drilling, sampling, packaging and transport of the drill samples was carried out to industry standards for QA/QC. SCY employed an independent local geology consulting and drill supervisory team, Rangott Mineral Exploration Pty. Ltd., (RME) of Orange, NSW, Australia, to manage the drill work on-site. Bulk samples of drill returns were collected at one metre intervals from a cyclone mounted on the drilling rig, and a separate three-tier riffle splitter was used on site to obtain 2.0-4.5kg composite samples collected over 3 metre intervals, for assay. Individual sample identifiers were cross-checked during the process. The assay samples were placed in sealed polyweave bags which remained in RME s possession until the completion of the drilling program, at which time they were transported to RME s office in Orange. There, the sequence of sample numbers was validated, and the assay samples were immediately submitted to Australian Laboratory Services (ALS laboratory in Orange. The remnant bulk samples, which were collected in sealed polythene bags, were transported by RME to a local storage unit at Orange, for long-term storage. ALS/Orange dried and weighed the samples and pulverized the entire sample to 85 passing 75 microns or better (technique PUL-21). These 50g sample bags of pulps were then sent to the ALS laboratory at Stafford in Brisbane, Queensland for analysis. ALS/Brisbane analyzed the pulps for scandium, nickel, cobalt, chromium, iron and magnesium, using Inductively Coupled Plasma Atomic Emission Spectroscopy (ICP-AES) after a four acid (total) digestion (technique ME-ICP61). The lower detection limit for scandium using this technique is 1ppm. For their internal quality control, ALS/Brisbane added 4 standard samples (for 20 repeat analyses), 10 blank samples and 16 duplicate samples to the batch. Please see news release see news release dated May 7, 2014, and available on www.sedar.com for further information on the Honeybugle drill results. Kiviniemi Scandium Property Eastern Finland Province , Finland) On September 25, 2017, the Company announced that its wholly owned subsidiary company, Scandium International Mining Corp., Norway AS, was granted a reservation on an Exploration License for the Kiviniemi Scandium property in central Finland from the Finnish regulatory body governing mineral exploration and mining in Finland. The exploration license was subsequently granted during August 2018, and our exploration rights have been moved to SCY Exploration Finland Oy, a wholly owned Finnish subsidiary. The Geological Survey of Finland GTK conducted airborne survey work on the area in 1986, conducted exploration drilling on the property in 2008-2010, and published those program results on their public GTK website in 2016. The Company does not consider the Kiviniemi Scandium property to be a material property at this time. No NI 43-101 resources or reserves are known to exist on the property. The property is classified as the Finland property for purposes of financial statement segment information. Highlights Kiviniemi property was previously identified for scandium and explored by GTK, Property is a high iron content, medium grade scandium target, located on surface, with on-site upgrade potential, Early resource upgrade work done for GTK promising, confirmed by SCY, Property is all-weather accessible, close to infrastructure, and Finland location is mining-friendly and ideally suited to EU customer markets. 27 Property/Location The Kiviniemi property is located in the municipality of Rautalampi, Eastern Finland Province, approximately 350km northeast of Helsinki, by road. The closest major city/airport is Kuopio (pop. 110,000), approximately 70km to the northeast of the property. The exploration target is located on a small portion of a family farm, partially cleared for farming. Most of the property is wooded, including the area where the mineralization has been located. Exploration License During August 2018, an exploration license for the Kiviniemi Scandium property was granted from the Finnish regulatory body governing mineral exploration and mining in Finland. The exploration area is approximately 24.6 hectares (0.25 square kilometer), identical to the historic GTK exploration license on the property, which expired in 2015. The mineralized area, as defined on GTK resource modeling maps, is approximately 25 of the total reservation. The exploration license requires us to report our exploration activities annually to Finland government agencies and to demonstrate in the annual reports that any exploration work has been effective and systematic. Prior Exploration Work GTK performed magnetic surveys on the general area in 1986, focused on copper/nickel/cobalt targets, and based on current mining activity in the area. That initial field work located a significant magnetic anomaly on the Kiviniemi property. In 2008, GTK initiated an exploration drilling program on the property, completing 4 diamond core holes in that first program phase, followed by a further 5 diamond holes in 2010, totaling 1,250 meters, at an average (angled) length of 139 meters, and a maximum vertical extension of 167 meters. The drill spacing varied from 50-200 meters, using a diamond drill size of 46mm (T56). Four of the nine total holes drilled (approx. 850 meters) are in the mineralized area, with the remainder defining portions of the mag zone that did not contain scandium. The mag zone is generally very high in iron, ranging from about 20 to 35 Fe. The GTK published the results of the drill program assays, and other information on the geology and mineralization, on their website in 2016. Geology of Resource Target. The host rock is very iron-rich, garnet-bearing fayalite ferro(monzo) diorite. The main minerals in the deposit include plagioclase, potassium feldspar, ferrohedenbergite (clinopyroxene), ferrohastingsite (amphibole), almandine garnet and fayalite. The principal scandium carrier minerals are ferrohastingsite (59 and ferrohedenbergite (40 ). 28 Resource Modeling GTK completed and published a paper outlining property work including a 3D modeling and resource estimation on the project, in March 2016. The authors employed data from 6 holes and used an industry standard GEOVIA Surpac software to produce a geological 3D domain model, and inverse distance was run to estimate resource grades into the block model. The authors declined to specifically characterize the resource on the basis of limited holes and uneven spacing, describing their estimate as an exploration potential measurement. The authors estimated that another 500-700 meters of drilling (5-7 holes) would establish 50-meter centers on the target and allow a resource classification. The mineralized target remains open at depth. The authors did provide a table of results on tonnage estimates from their modeling work, at various cut off values, excerpts of which are presented below. The Company believes the standards and controls employed by GTK are reliable and consistent with proper industry practice. However, the potential quantity and grade is conceptual in nature and there has been insufficient exploration to define a mineral resource and it is uncertain whether further exploration will result in a mineral resource. The Company considers the above estimates as historical in nature, and such estimates do not use the categories prescribed by NI 43-101. A qualified person (as defined in NI 43-101) has not done sufficient work to classify the historical estimate as a current mineral resource. The Company is not treating the historical estimate as a current mineral resource. Metallurgical Upgrade Work In 2010, GTK engaged their metallurgical research laboratory (at Outokumpu) to conduct standard upgrade testing on the drill core sample material, specifically magnetic gravity separations. The mag separation work suggested a scandium upgrade to approximately 346ppm, based on a resource material head grade of 160-200ppm, and a 72 scandium recovery. In June 2017, SCY engaged FLSmidth (Salt Lake City, Utah) seeking to duplicate the earlier 2010 upgrade work and confirm the earlier results. The earlier results were generally confirmed, in that the 2017 work achieved magnetic separation upgrade assays of 286ppm on a resource material head grade of 186ppm. We supplied FLSmidth with approximately 16kg of resource material sourced from GTK, all samples from a single hole (P433-R3). FLSmidth also carried out scandium check assays on the individual drill hole samples provided by GTK, with good grade correlation to GTK data. Kiviniemi Project Summary The Kiviniemi property represents a medium grade scandium resource target that has remained unrecognized and overlooked by earlier exploration work, largely due to the absence of the more commonly sought-after minerals in the region, specifically copper, nickel and cobalt. We believe that Kiviniemi is Europe s largest underdeveloped primary scandium mining resource. The target has benefited significantly from valuable early exploration work by the GTK, which has advanced the property to a stage where successful metallurgical investigations may prove value that offsets grade concerns. SCY estimates roughly US 2M of work value has been directed at this property to date, including field work, drilling programs, assay work, overheads, and metallurgical upgrade studies, but firm numbers are not available. 29 We plan a limited drill program to augment the existing GTK data and provide more sample material for metallurgical test work programs to define economic site upgrade possibilities on the scandium mineralization observed to date. Patent Program Summary- Applications and Grants Patent Filings - Summary The Company is in the process of establishing a significant portfolio of intellectual property through the filing of scandium related patents both in the US and abroad. On 10/12/2021 the company was granted a patent for the recovery of scandium from nickel laterite ores. To date, the following nine US patents have been granted to the Company: 11,142,809 Systems and Processes for Recovering Scandium Values from Laterite Ores 10,988,830 Scandium Master Alloy Production 10,988,828 Extraction of Scandium Values from Copper Leach Solutions 10,450,634 Scandium-Containing Master Alloys and Method for Making The Same 10,378,085 Recovery Of Scandium Values Through Selective Precipitation of Hematite and Basic Iron Sulfates from Acid Leachates 10,260,127 Method For Recovering Scandium Values from Leach Solutions 9,982,326 Solvent Extraction of Scandium from Leach Solutions 9,982,325 Systems And Methodologies for Direct Acid Leaching of Scandium-Bearing Ores 8,372,367 System and Method for Recovering Boron Values from Plant Tailings Below is a list of thirteen US patents that have been filed, but have not been granted yet: US20210371294-A1 Process for the Preparation of High Purity Alumina US202163038873 Recovery of Critical Metals from SX-EW Copper Raffinate and Other Solutions Derived from Leaching Ores with Sulfuric Acid US20210347651 Counter Current Process for Recovering High Purity Copper Sulfate Values from Low Grade Ores US20200001407 Control Of Recrystallization In Cold-Rolled AlMn(Mg)ScZr Sheets For Brazing Applications US20210172041 Byproduct Scandium Recovery from Low Grade Primary Metal Oxide Ores US20190218645 Direct Scandium Alloying US20120305452 Dry, Stackable Tailings and Methods for Producing the Same US20110298270 In Situ Ore Leaching Using Freeze Barriers US2012005585l Low Carbon Dioxide Footprint for Coal Liquefaction US20120204680 System and Method for Recovery of Nickel Values from Nickel-Containing Ores US20120207656 System and Method for Recovery of Scandium Values from Scandium-Containing Ores Provisional (2) Titles not yet publicly disclosed NOTE: This Final Patent Application was published by the US Patent office on December 2, 2021 (A1) 30 Patent Applications Discussion These patents and patent applications cover novel, unique flowsheet designs, applicable to both scandium extraction and other metals extraction. The patented designs on scandium are largely supported by test work done with Nyngan Scandium Project resource material and known design parameters. The scandium patents cover HPAL system material flows, solvent extraction (SX), ion exchange systems IX ), atmospheric tank and heap leaching systems and techniques, and processes for directly making select master alloys containing scandium; and A number of the scandium-focussed designs are incorporated as part of the DFS. Recovery of by-product scandium from certain other mineral resources is also covered. Recovery of base metals, such as copper, cobalt, nickel, manganese and aluminum from process solutions or waste products is also covered. Use of scandium in lithium-ion batteries is addressed. These patent applications, filed with the US Patent Office, protect the Company s position and rights to the intellectual property (IP) contained and identified in the applications as of the date filed, within the worldwide jurisdiction limits of the US patent system. Review of patent applications by the US Patent Office takes time, but the initial dates of filing these patents define the basis of IP ownership claims, as is generally afforded U.S. patentholders. The Company intends to utilize the IP contained in these process patents in the development of process flowsheets for recovery of scandium from its Nyngan Scandium Project, as well as its Honeybugle project and future by-product opportunities from leach solutions and/or waste products. The Company believes that patent protection of these specific, novel process designs will be granted. Many of the basic design elements contemplated in the Nyngan Scandium Project flowsheet are commonly applied to other specialty metals, particularly nickel. However, the application of these basic design elements has not been commonly applied to scandium extraction from laterite resources, and there are enough intended and required operational differences in the application to permit the Company to patent-protect IP on those differences. Our history of work on solution separation technologies using ion exchange and/or solvent extraction has widened our opportunity to pursue recovery of select elements of a growing list of critical metals, as defined by governments, concerned customers and industry groups, specifically prioritising lithium-ion battery metals. These patent claims are the result of ten years of metallurgical test work with independent resource laboratories and specific design work by Willem Duyvesteyn, the Company s former Chief Technology Officer. This work is ongoing. Patent protection on flowsheet intellectual property will serve to limit or prevent the unauthorized use of that IP by others without the Company s consent. We believe these filings are an important action to protect the ownership of a Company asset, on behalf of all SCY shareholders. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS We are not a party to any pending legal proceedings and, to the best of our knowledge, none of our properties or assets are the subject of any pending legal proceedings. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES The Company has no active mining operations or dormant mining assets currently and has no outstanding mine safety violations or other regulatory safety matters to report. 31 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANTS COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES Price Range of Common Shares The principal market on which our common shares are traded is the Toronto Stock Exchange. Our common shares commenced trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange on April 24, 2008, under the symbol GP. Effective March 11, 2009, the common shares were listed and posted for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol EMC. Effective November 28, 2014, the common shares were listed and posted for trading on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol SCY. The following table shows the high and low trading prices of our common shares on the Toronto Stock Exchange for the periods indicated. Year High (C Low (C Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2022 First quarter 0.160 0.130 Second quarter 0.140 0.085 Third quarter 0.120 0.060 Fourth quarter 0.095 0.060 Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2021 First quarter 0.325 0.205 Second quarter 0.250 0.165 Third quarter 0.225 0.155 Fourth quarter 0.200 0.135 Exchange Rates We maintain our books of account in United States dollars and references to dollar amounts herein are to the lawful currency of the United States except that we are traded on the Toronto Stock Exchange and, accordingly, stock price quotes and sales of stock are conducted in Canadian dollars (C ). The following table sets forth, for the periods indicated, certain exchange rates based on the noon rate provided by the Bank of Canada. Such rates are the number of Canadian dollars per one (1) U.S. dollar (US ). The high and low exchange rates for each month during the previous six months were as follows: High Low February 2023 1.3622 1.3312 January 2023 1.3658 1.3376 December 2022 1.3687 1.3433 November 2022 1.3749 1.3288 October 2022 1.3856 1.3547 September 2022 1.3726 1.2988 32 The following table sets out the exchange rate (price of one U.S. dollar in Canadian dollars) information as at each of the years ended December 31, 2021, and 2022. Year Ended December 31 (Canadian per U.S. 2022 2021 Rate at end of Period 1.3544 1.2732 Low 1.2470 1.2718 High 1.3856 1.4496 As of March 1, 2023, there were 104 registered holders of record of the Company s common shares and an undetermined number of beneficial holders. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our common shares since our inception and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends in the foreseeable future. We plan to retain our earnings, if any, to provide funds for the expansion of our business. Securities Authorized for Issuance under Compensation Plans The following table sets forth information as of December 31, 2022, respecting the compensation plans under which shares of the Company s common stock are authorized to be issued. Plan Category Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options, warrants and rights (a) Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options, warrants and rights (b) Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) (c) Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 34,665,000 C 0.140 18,714,122 Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 37,803,218 C 0.1075 Nil Total 72,468,218 C 0.1231 18,714,122 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company and Affiliated Purchasers Neither the Company nor an affiliated purchaser of the Company purchased common shares of the Company in the year ended December 31, 2022. 33 ITEM 6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA Not applicable. ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITIONS AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Overview Scandium International is a specialty metals company focused on the evaluation and potential development of projects into producing assets. The Company pursues project opportunities from both known geologic resources and existing mine process solutions when it identifies further recovery potential. The Company is an exploration stage company and anticipates incurring significant additional expenditures prior to production at all its properties. The Company was incorporated under the laws of the Province of British Columbia, Canada in 2006. The Company currently trades on the Toronto Stock Exchange under the symbol SCY. These consolidated financial statements have been prepared on a going concern basis that contemplates the realization of assets and discharge of liabilities at their carrying values in the normal course of business for the foreseeable future. These financial statements do not reflect any adjustments that may be necessary if the Company is unable to continue as a going concern. The Company currently earns no operating revenues and will require additional capital to advance the Nyngan property. The Company s ability to continue as a going concern is uncertain and is dependent upon the generation of profits from mineral properties, obtaining additional financing and maintaining continued support from its shareholders and creditors. These are material uncertainties that raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. If additional financial support is not received, or operating profits are not generated, the carrying values of the Company s assets may be adversely affected. In March 2020, the World Health Organization declared coronavirus COVID-19 a global pandemic. This contagious disease outbreak, which has continued to spread, and related adverse public health developments, has adversely affected workforces, economies, and financial markets globally, leading to an economic downturn. It is not possible for the Company to predict the duration or magnitude of the adverse results of the outbreak and its effects on the Company s business or ability to raise funds. Results for the Year ended December 31, 2022 Liquidity and Capital Resources On December 31, 2022, we had working capital of 378,527 including cash of 1,852,710 and current liabilities of 1,507,724 as compared to working capital of (1,598,778) including cash of 93,894 at December 31, 2021. On December 31, 2022, we had a total of 34,665,000 (2021 34,615,000) stock options exercisable between C 0.065 and C 0.225 (2021 between C 0.065 and C 0.37) which have the potential upon exercise to generate a total of C 4,753,500 (2021 C 5,962,625) in cash over the next four and a half years. On December 31, 2022, we had a total of 37,803,218 (2021 Nil) warrants exercisable at C 0.1075 which have the potential upon exercise to generate a total of C 4,063,218. There is no assurance that these securities will be exercised. 34 Our continued development is contingent upon our ability to raise sufficient financing both in the short and long term. There are no guarantees that additional sources of funding will be available to us; however, management is committed to pursuing all possible sources of financing to execute our business plan. Results of Operations Quarter ended December 31, 2022 The net profit for the quarter increased by 443,482 to 228,371 from a loss of 215,111 in the prior year. Details of the individual items contributing to the decreased loss are as follows: Q4 2022 vs. Q4 2021 - Variance Analysis (US Item Variance Favourable / (Unfavourable) Explanation Gain on derivative liability 364,206 Warrants issued in Q2 2022 are in Canadian funds. As the exchange rate with the Canadian dollar fluctuates, a gain or loss on this is recorded in the financial statements. Also, the value of the warrants is recalculated based on Black-Scholes calculation at the end of the year. Since the warrants were issued, a gain has been calculated. This is a non-cash item. Salaries and benefits 73,430 This favorable variance is due to the resignation in Q1 2022 of 3 senior staff that have not been replaced. General and administrative 40,921 With the closing of the Sparks, Nevada office and reduced staffing, a favorable variance was realized when compared to 2021 when there was much more activity and staffing. Consulting 25,500 The resignation of a consultant in Q1 2022 has led to this favorable variance. Exploration 7,081 In Q2 2022, the Company received a refund for the cost of a new mine lease after the original mine lease was objected to. The cost of the second mine lease was refunded as it was determined that the original mine lease was valid. Professional fees 729 Year over year costs are relatively the same. Amortization 419 In Q1 2022, all depreciable assets were disposed of. No further amortization expense was incurred in the year resulting in this favorable variance when compared to 2021. Insurance 255) New insurance policies were entered into in Q4 2022. Premiums have increased resulting in this minor unfavorable variance. Travel 367) Costs have not increased very much. Limited travel has been incurred in both years as the Company conserves its cash. Foreign exchange loss 19,572) In Q4 funds held in foreign currencies decreased against the US dollar resulting in this negative variance when compared to the comparable period in 2021. Also in 2021 there was less exposure to currency fluctuations as much smaller amounts of foreign currency funds were held. Stock based compensation 48,610) In Q4 of 2022 the Company was expensing options granted in Q2 2022 that vested over 18 months. No such vestings were incurred in Q4 2021. 35 Results of Operations for the Year ended December 31, 2022 The net profit for the year increased by 2,417,628 to 850,596 from a loss of 1,567,032 in the prior year, Details of the individual items contributing to the decreased net loss are as follows: 2022 vs. 2021 - Variance Analysis (US Item Variance Favourable / (Unfavourable) Explanation Accrual reversal 1,032,044 In the current year, the Company reversed accrued liabilities for certain staff who are no longer with the Company. No such item was incurred in 2021. Gain on derivative liability 525,259 Warrants issued in Q2 2022 are in Canadian funds. As the exchange rate with the Canadian dollar fluctuates, a gain or loss on this is recorded in the financial statements. Also, the value of the warrants is recalculated based on Black-Scholes calculation at the end of the quarter. Since the warrants were issued, a gain has been calculated. This is a non-cash item. Stock-based compensation 412,106 Stock options granted in Q2 2022 will vest and be expensed over an 18-month period while stock options granted in Q2 2021 vested and were expensed immediately. Also, the options granted in Q2 2021 were at a higher price resulting in higher amounts expensed. These are non-cash costs. Salaries and benefits 243,461 This favorable variance is due to the resignation in Q1 2022 of 3 senior staff that have not been replaced. Consulting 112,259 The resignation of a consultant in Q1 2022 has led to this favorable variance. Exploration 71,409 In Q2 2022, the Company received a refund for the cost of a new mine lease after the original mine lease was objected to. The cost of the second mine lease was refunded as it was determined that the original mine lease was valid. General and administrative 61,728 With the closing of the Sparks, Nevada office and reduced staffing, a favorable variance was realized when compared to 2021 when there was much more activity and staffing. Insurance 4,471 Lower fees were negotiated in Q4 2021 resulting in lower costs in the current year when compared to 2021. Travel and entertainment 367) Year over year costs have not increased very much. Limited travel has been incurred in both years as the Company conserves its cash. Amortization 1,204) In 2022, all depreciable assets were disposed of resulting in this negative variance. Foreign exchange gain 10,200) The US dollar strengthened in the year ending December 30, 2022, and because of the large derivative liability being in Canadian dollars, there was a favorable foreign exchange gain. However, excluding the impact of the derivative liability there was a loss on assets carried in foreign currencies. Professional fees 33,338) Audit fees have increased resulting in this unfavorable variance when compared to 2021. Cash flow discussion for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to December 31, 2021 The cash outflow from operating activities increased by 573,510 to 947,715 (2021 374,205) due mainly to due mainly to payment of accrued salaries in 2022. Cash inflows from financing activities of 2,706,531 reflect the private placement and options being exercised in the current nine-month period when compared to the year ended December 30, 2021, in which options exercised brought in 297,815. 36 Summary of quarterly results (US 2022 2021 Q4 Q3 Q2 Q1 Q4 Q3 Q2 Q1 Net Sales - - - - - - - - Net Income (Loss) 228,371 70,701 28,577 522,946 (215,111) (278,704) (761,080) (312,137) Basic and diluted Net Income (Loss) per share (0.00) (0.00) (0.00) (0.00) (0.00) (0.00) (0.00) (0.00) Financial Position Cash Yearend Cash increased by 1,758,816 to 1,852,710 (2021 - 93,894) due mainly to a private placement carried out in Q2 2022 Prepaid expenses and receivables Prepaid expenses and receivables have decreased by 1,501 to 33,541 (2021 - 35,042) due to lower activity levels in 2022. Reclamation bond A reclamation bond of 10,000 10,699) was purchased for the Kiviniemi property in 2018. Property, plant and equipment Property plant and equipment consists of office furniture and computer equipment at the Sparks, Nevada office. The decrease of 2,932 to Nil at December 31, 2022 (2021 - 2,932) is due to the disposal of that office furniture and computer equipment in the nine-month period. Mineral interests Mineral interests remained at 704,053 at December 31, 2022 (2021 - 704,053). Accounts Payable, Accounts payable with related parties, Accrued Liabilities and Derivative liability -warrants. Accounts payable, accounts payable with related parties, accrued liabilities and Derivative liability warrants have decreased by 219,990 to 1,507,724 at December 31, 2022 (2021 1,727,714) due to warrant derivative liability being classed as a current liability which was partially offset by the write off of certain salary deferrals. Capital Stock Capital stock increased by 995,426 to 111,144,603 (2021 - 110,149,177) due to a private placement in Q2 of 2022 and stock option exercises. 37 Additional paid-in capital increased by 127,606 to 7,019,116 (2021 - 6,891,510) as a result of stock option expensing which was partially offset by stock option exercises. Treasury shares remained at 1,264,194 through the 2022 fiscal period. Off-balance sheet arrangements At December 31, 2022, we had no material off-balance sheet arrangements such as guarantee contracts, contingent interest in assets transferred to an entity, derivative instruments obligations or any obligations that trigger financing, liquidity, market or credit risk to us. Transactions with related parties During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expensed 177,445 for stock-based compensation for stock options issued to Company directors. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company expensed 441,277 for stock options issued to Company directors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expensed a consulting fee of 17,000 to one of its directors. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company expensed a consulting fee of 102,000 to one of its directors. As at December 31, 2022, the Company owed 185,576 (2021 - 1,159,713) to an officer of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reversed 669,723 (2021 - Nil) of accruals to related parties, pursuant to settlement agreements. Additional Information and Accounting Pronouncements Outstanding share data At March XX 2, 2023 we had 355,860,144 issued and outstanding common shares and 28,965,000 outstanding stock options at a weighted average exercise price of C 0.121. Also, there were 37,803,218 warrants outstanding at C 10.75 at March 7, 2023. Critical Accounting Estimates The preparation of financial statements in conformity with generally accepted accounting policies requires our management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates are based on past experience, industry trends and known commitments and events. By their nature, these estimates are subject to measurement uncertainty and the effects on the financial statements of changes in such estimates in future periods could be significant. Actual results will likely differ from those estimates. Stock-based compensation We use the Black-Scholes option pricing model to calculate the fair value of stock options and compensatory warrants granted. This model is subject to various assumptions. The assumptions we make will likely change from time to time. At the time the fair value is determined, the methodology that we use is based on historical information, as well as anticipated future events. The assumptions with the greatest impact on fair value are those for estimated stock volatility and for the expected life of the instrument. 38 Deferred income taxes We account for tax consequences of the differences in the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities and our tax bases using tax rates expected to apply when these temporary differences are expected to be settled. When the deferred realization of income tax assets does not meet the test of being more likely than not to occur, a valuation allowance in the amount of the potential future benefit is taken and no future income tax asset is recognized. We have taken a valuation allowance against all such potential tax assets. Mineral properties and exploration and development costs We capitalise the costs of acquiring mineral rights at the date of acquisition. After acquisition, various factors can affect the recoverability of the capitalized costs. Our recoverability evaluation of our mineral properties and equipment is based on market conditions for minerals, underlying mineral resources associated with the assets and future costs that may be required for ultimate realization through mining operations or by sale. We are in an industry that is exposed to a number of risks and uncertainties, including exploration risk, development risk, commodity price risk, operating risk, ownership and political risk, funding and currency risk, as well as environmental risk. Bearing these risks in mind, we have assumed recent world commodity prices will be achievable. We have considered the mineral resource reports by independent engineers on the Nyngan project in considering the recoverability of the carrying costs of the mineral properties. All of these assumptions are potentially subject to change, out of our control, however such changes are not determinable. Accordingly, there is always the potential for a material adjustment to the value assigned to mineral properties and equipment. Recent Accounting Pronouncements Accounting Standards Update 2021-04 - Earnings Per Share (Topic 260), Debt Modifications and Extinguishments (Subtopic 470-50), Compensation Stock Compensation (Topic 718), and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). This update is to provide clarity around earnings per share calculations and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2021, including interim periods within those fiscal years. The Company has reviewed this standard and determined there is no impact on its financial statements. Financial instruments and other risks Our financial instruments consist of cash, receivables, accounts payable and accrued liabilities, accounts payable with related parties, and promissory notes payable. It is management s opinion that we are not exposed to significant interest, currency or credit risks arising from our financial instruments. The fair values of these financial instruments approximate their carrying values unless otherwise noted. The Company has its cash primarily in five commercial banks, one in Vancouver, British Columbia, Canada, one in Hamilton, Ontario, Canada, one in Melbourne, Australia, one in Chicago, Illinois and one in Los Angeles, California. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK Not applicable. 39 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA The Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company and the notes thereto are attached to this report following the signature page and Certifications. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE For the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, we did not have any disagreement with our accountants on any matter of accounting principles, practices, or financial statement disclosure. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure controls and procedures The Company s management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(e)) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this report, the Company has maintained effective disclosure controls and procedures in all material respects, including those necessary to ensure that information required to be disclosed in reports filed or submitted with the SEC (i) is recorded, processed, and reported within the time periods specified by the sec, and (ii) is accumulated and communicated to management, including the principal executive officer and principal financial officer, as appropriate to allow for timely decision regarding required disclosure. Management s report on internal control over financial reporting The Company s management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act). Management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2019, using criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued in 1992 by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Even an effective internal control system, no matter how well designed, has inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and circumvention or overriding of controls and therefore can provide only reasonable assurance with respect to reliable financial reporting. Furthermore, the effectiveness of an internal control system in future periods can change with conditions. A material weakness is a deficiency, or combination of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of the Company s annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. The Company s management has determined that the internal controls over financial reporting are effective as of December 31, 2022. Changes in Internal Control There have been no changes in internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the last fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. 40 PART III Information with respect to Items 10 through 14 is set forth in the definitive Proxy Statement to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on or before April 30, 2023, and is incorporated herein by reference. If the definitive Proxy Statement cannot be filed on or before April 30, 2023, the Company will instead file an amendment to this Form 10-K disclosing the information with respect to Items 10 through 14. 41 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENTS SCHEDULES Financial Statements The following Consolidated Financial Statements are filed as part of this report. Description Page Financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 and audit reports thereon. PCAOB # F-1 42 Exhibits The following table sets out the exhibits filed herewith or incorporated herein by reference. Exhibit Description 3.1 Certificate of Incorporation, Certificate of Name Change dated March 2009, Notice of Articles dated March 2009 (1) Certificate of Name Change dated November 19, 2014 and Notice of Articles dated November 19, 2014 (2) 3.2 Corporate Articles (1) Amendment to Corporate Articles dated November 10, 2014 (2) 10.1 (3) 2015 Stock Option Plan 10.4 (5) Share Exchange Agreement dated June 30, 2017 21.1 (6) List of Subsidiaries 23.1 (6) Consent of Davidson Company LLP 23.2 (6) Consent of Stuart Hutchin 23.3 (6) Consent of Dean Basile 23.4 (6) Consent of Geoffrey Duckworth 31.1 (6) Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of the Principal Executive Officer 31.2 (6) Certification Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) or 15d-14(a) of the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934 of the Principal Financial Officer 32.1 (6) Section 1350 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Principal Executive Officer 32.2 (6) Section 1350 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer and Principal Financial Officer of the Principal Financial Officer (1) Previously filed as exhibits to the Form 10 filed May 24, 2011 and incorporated herein by reference. (2) Previously filed as exhibits to the Form 10-K filed February 27, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. (3) Previously filed as Schedule A to the Form DEF 14A filed October 5, 2015 and incorporated herein by reference. (4) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 10-K/A filed May 1, 2014 and incorporated herein by reference. (5) Previously filed as an exhibit to the Form 8-K filed July 26, 2017 and incorporated herein by reference. (6) Filed herewith. 43 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. SCANDIUM INTERNATIONAL MINING CORP. By: /s/ Peter Evensen Peter Evensen President and Principal Executive Officer Date: March 7, 2023 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. Signature Title Date /s/ Peter Evensen President, Principal Executive Officer, and Director March 7, 2023 Peter Evensen /s/ William Harris Chairman and Director March 7, 2023 William Harris /s/ James Rothwell Director March 7, 2023 James Rothwell /s/ R. Christian Evensen Director Principal Financial Officer March 7, 2023 R. Christian Evensen 44 CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 45 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Directors of Scandium International Mining Corp. Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Scandium International Mining Corp. (the Company ), as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss), cash flows, and changes in shareholders equity (deficiency) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related notes and schedules (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of Scandium International Mining Corp. as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Going Concern The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a net capital deficiency that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management's plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatements of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Critical Audit Matters The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. Mineral property interests impairment consideration At December 31, 2022, the Company s mineral property interests balance totalled 704,053. As more fully described in Note 2 to the financial statements, the Company evaluates its mining and mineral rights for impairment whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amounts of the asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. Management evaluates various qualitative factors in determining whether or not events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset or group of assets may not be recoverable. Auditing the Company s impairment assessment involved our subjective judgment because, in determining whether any indicators of impairment occurred, management uses judgments that include, among others, assumptions about management s intentions and future exploration plans, the ability to fund continued exploration activities, forecasts on future scandium metal prices, and market capitalization. Significant uncertainty exists with these assumptions. Further, management s evaluation of any new information indicating that continued exploration will not likely occur requires significant judgment. To test the Company s impairment assessment, our audit procedures included, among others, assessing the Company s right to explore in the relevant exploration area which included obtaining and assessing supporting documentation such as mining lease applications and final decisions from governmental bodies; evaluating the Company s ability and intent to carry out significant exploration and evaluation activity; considering whether there was any other data or information that indicated the carrying amount of the capitalized mineral property interests would not be recovered in full from successful development or by sale; and assessing the adequacy of the associated disclosures in the financial statements. We have served as the Company s auditor since 2008. /s/ Chartered Professional Accountants March 7, 2023 Scandium International Mining Corp. CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS (Expressed in US Dollars) As at: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS Current Cash Prepaid expenses and receivables Reclamation bond (Note 4) Equipment (Note 3) Mineral property interests (Note 4) Total Assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) Current Accounts payable and accrued liabilities Accounts payable with related parties (Note 5) Derivative liability - warrants (Note 6) Total Liabilities Shareholders Equity (Deficiency) Capital stock (Note 6) (Authorized: Unlimited number of common shares; Issued and outstanding: (2021 )) Treasury stock (Note 7) common shares) (2021 Additional paid in capital (Note 6) Accumulated other comprehensive loss Deficit Total Shareholders Equity (Deficiency) Total Liabilities and Shareholders Equity (Deficiency) Nature and continuance of operations (Note 1) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 46 Scandium International Mining Corp. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME (LOSS) AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME (LOSS) (Expressed in US Dollars) Years ended: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 EXPENSES Amortization (Note 3) Consulting (Note 5) Exploration costs (recovery) General and administrative Insurance Professional fees Salaries and benefits Stock-based compensation (Notes 5 6) Travel and entertainment Foreign exchange gain Accruals reversal (Note 8) Unrealized gain on derivative liability warrants (Note 6) Income (loss) and comprehensive income (loss) for the year Basic and diluted loss per common share Basic and diluted weighted average number of common shares outstanding The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 47 Scandium International Mining Corp. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS (Expressed in US Dollars) Years ended: December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 CASH FLOWS USED IN OPERATING ACTIVITIES Income (loss) for the year Items not affecting cash: Amortization Stock-based compensation Accrual reversal Unrealized gain on derivative liability - warrants Unrealized gain on foreign exchange Changes in non-cash working capital items: Decrease in prepaids and receivables Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued liabilities and accounts payable with related parties CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES Common shares issued Share issue costs Options exercised for common shares Change in cash during the year Cash, beginning of year Cash, end of year Supplemental disclosure with respect to cash flows (Note 11) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 48 Scandium International Mining Corp. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (DEFICIENCY) (Expressed in US Dollars) Number of Shares Capital Stock Additional Paid in Capital Treasury Stock Accumulated Other Comprehensive Loss Deficit Total Shareholders Equity (Deficiency) Balance, December 31, 2020 Options exercised Stock-based compensation - Loss for the year - Balance, December 31, 2021 Options exercised Private placement net of share issuance costs Derivative liability - Stock-based compensation - Income for the year - Balance, December 31, 2022 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 49 Scandium International Mining Corp. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 (Expressed in US Dollars) b) Use of estimates c) Equipment d) Mineral interests and exploration and development costs 50 Scandium International Mining Corp. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 (Expressed in US Dollars) 2. SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d f) Long-lived assets g) Income taxes h) Income (Loss) per share warrants outstanding (2021 Nil) and options (2021 outstanding which have not been included in the weighted average number of common shares outstanding as these were anti-dilutive. i) Foreign exchange j) Stock-based compensation k) Financial instruments l) Concentration of credit risk 51 Scandium International Mining Corp. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 (Expressed in US Dollars) 2 . SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (cont d Derivative liability - warrants The fair values of cash are determined through market, observable and corroborated sources. n) Recently Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Standards 2021 December 31, 2020 Net Book Value Additions (disposals) Amortization December 31, 2021 Net Book Value Computer equipment During the year period ended December 31, 2022, the remaining fixed assets were disposed for Nil proceeds. 52 Scandium International Mining Corp. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 (Expressed in US Dollars) Title to mineral property interests involves certain inherent risks due to the difficulties of determining the validity of certain claims as well as the potential for problems arising from the frequently ambiguous conveyancing history characteristic of many mineral property interests. The Company has investigated title to all of its mineral property interests and, to the best of its knowledge, title to all of its properties is in good standing. SCANDIUM PROPERTIES AND CRITICAL METALS RECOVERY PROJECT Nyngan, New South Wales Property The Company holds a interest in the Nyngan property in New South Wales, Australia (NSW). Royalties attached to the Nyngan property include a royalty on gross mineral sales on the property, a Net Profits Interest royalty to private parties involved with the early exploration on the property, and a Net Smelter Returns royalty payable for 12 years after production commences. Another revenue royalty is payable to private interests of , subject to a cap. A NSW minerals royalty will also be levied on the project, subject to negotiation, currently on revenue. Honeybugle property, Australia The Company holds a interest in the Honeybugle property. Kiviniemi Scandium Property Finland In August 2018, the Company was granted an Exploration License for the Kiviniemi Scandium Property in central Finland from the Finnish regulatory body governing mineral exploration and mining in Finland. As at December 31, 2022, the Company has a reclamation bond of 10,000), (December 31, 2021 - 10,000)). An application to extend the license for 3 years has been submitted. for stock-based compensation for stock options issued to Company directors. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company expensed for stock options issued to Company directors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company expensed a consulting fee of to one of its directors. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company expensed a consulting fee of to one of its directors. As at December 31, 2022, the Company owed (2021 - to an officer of the Company. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company reversed (2021 - Nil) of accruals to related parties, pursuant to settlement agreements. units as part of a private placement valued at CAD per unit. Each units consists of one common share and one share purchase warrant. Each warrant will entitle the holder thereof to purchase one common share in the capital of the Company at an exercise price of CAD at any time up to years following the date of issuance. The warrants attached to the private placement are classified as a derivative liability at an initial value of . During the year ended December 31, 2021, there were no share issuances pursuant to private placements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the holders of stock options exercised their options for shares for (CAD 135,000) at an exercise price of CAD per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the holders of stock options exercised their options for shares for (CAD 378,575) at an average exercised price of CAD . 53 Scandium International Mining Corp. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 (Expressed in US Dollars) 6. CAPITAL STOCK AND ADDITIONAL PAID IN CAPITAL (cont d CAD Outstanding December 31, 2022 CAD A fair value of the derivative liability of was estimated on the date of the subscription using the Black-Scholes pricing model. For the year ended December 31, 2022, there was a non-cash gain on derivative liability warrants of and an unrealized foreign exchange gain of resulting in a fair value as at December 31, 2022 of with the following weighted average assumptions: CAD Stock price CAD CAD Expected term years years Expected dividend yield - - Expected stock price volatility Risk-free interest rate Stock Options The Company established a stock option plan (the Plan under which it is authorized to grant options to executive officers and directors, employees and consultants and the number of options granted under the Plan shall not exceed 10 of the shares outstanding. Under the Plan, the exercise period of the options may not exceed ten years from the date of grant and vesting is determined by the Board of Directors. The exercise price is determined by the Board of Directors. Stock option transactions are summarized as follows: Granted Exercised Expired Outstanding, December 31, 2021 Granted Exercised Expired Outstanding, December 31, 2022 Number currently exercisable 54 Scandium International Mining Corp. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 (Expressed in US Dollars) 6. CAPITAL STOCK AND ADDITIONAL PAID IN CAPITAL (cont d Options expired subsequent to December 31, 2022, unexercised. As at December 31, 2022 the Company s outstanding and exercisable stock options have an aggregate intrinsic value of Nil (2021 - ). Stock-based compensation During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized stock-based compensation of (December 31, 2021 - in the statement of profit or loss pursuant to stock options granted and vested. There were stock options granted during the year ended December 31, 2022 (December 31, 2021 ). The weighted average fair value of the options granted in the year was CAD (2021 - CAD ). The fair value of all compensatory options granted is estimated on grant date using the Black-Scholes option pricing model. The weighted average assumptions used in calculating the fair values of stock options granted in the years ended December 31,2022 and December 31, 2021 are as follows: Expected life years years Volatility Forfeiture rate Dividend rate Treasury shares comprise shares of the Company which cannot be sold without the prior approval of the TSX. to related parties (Note 5) and to former contractors and consultants pursuant to settlement agreements. 55 Scandium International Mining Corp. NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS December 31, 2022 (Expressed in US Dollars) December 31, 2021 Australia United States Total Equipment - Mineral property interests Expected income tax (recovery) Change in statutory, foreign exchange rates, and other Permanent difference Impact of foreign exchange Share issuance costs Adjustment to prior years provision versus statutory tax returns Change in unrecognized deductible temporary differences Total Income tax expense (recovery) The significant components of the Company s deferred tax assets that have not been included on the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows: Property and equipment Share issuance costs Derivative liability Allowable capital losses Non-capital losses available for future periods Unrecognized deferred tax assets Net deferred tax assets The significant components of the Company s temporary differences, unused tax credits and unused tax losses that have not been included on the consolidated statement of financial position are as follows: Property and equipment Derivative liability Share issuance costs Allowable capital losses Non-capital losses available for future periods as a derivative liability associated with warrants attached to a private placement financing as a non-cash transaction. There were no significant non-cash transactions during the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021. There were no amounts paid for taxes and interest in the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 56 

<EX-23.1>
 2
 scy_ex231.htm
 CONSENT
 
 scy_ex231.htm EXHIBIT 23.1 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm March 7, 2023 Scandium International Mining Corp. 1390 Ione Pass Trail Reno, NV 89523 Re: Scandium International Mining Corp. (the Company Annual Report on Form 10K We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-179657) of Scandium International Mining Corp., of our report dated March 7, 2023 relating to the consolidated financial statements of Scandium International Mining Corp., which appear in this Form 10-K. Our report contains an explanatory paragraph regarding the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Yours truly, DAVIDSON COMPANY LLP Chartered Professional Accountants 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-23.2>
 3
 scy_ex232.htm
 CONSENT OF STUART HUTCHIN
 
 scy_ex232.htm EXHIBIT 23.2 March 1, 2023 Scandium International Mining Corp. 1390 Ione Pass Trail Reno, NV 89523 Re: Scandium International Mining Corp. (the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K Reference is made to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report ). I hereby consent to the references to my name, and to those portions of the summary of the technical report entitled Feasibility Study - Nyngan Scandium Project, Bogan Shire, NSW, Australia dated May 4, 2016, which appear in the Annual Report and the incorporation therein of such references to the Company s registration statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-224510). Yours truly, Stuart Hutchin, B.SC (Geology) , MAIG CP (Geo) Geology Manager, Mining One Consultants, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia 

</EX-23.2>

<EX-23.3>
 4
 scy_ex233.htm
 CONSENT OF DEAN BASILE
 
 scy_ex233.htm EXHIBIT 23.3 March 1, 2023 Scandium International Mining Corp. 1390 Ione Pass Trail Reno, NV 89523 Re: Scandium International Mining Corp. (the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K Reference is made to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report ). I hereby consent to the references to my name, and to those portions of the summary of the technical report entitled Feasibility Study - Nyngan Scandium Project, Bogan Shire, NSW, Australia dated May 4, 2016, which appear in the Annual Report and the incorporation therein of such references to the Company s registration statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-224510). Yours truly, Dean Basile, B. Eng. (Mining), GDipAppF I, MAusIMM CP(Min) Principal Mining Engineer, Mining One Consultants, Melbourne, Victoria, Australia 

</EX-23.3>

<EX-23.4>
 5
 scy_ex234.htm
 CONSENT OF GEOFFREY DUCKWORTH
 
 scy_ex234.htm EXHIBIT 23.4 March 1, 2023 Scandium International Mining Corp. 1390 Ione Pass Trail Reno, NV 89523 Re: Scandium International Mining Corp. (the Company Annual Report on Form 10-K Reference is made to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report ). I hereby consent to the references to my name, and to the summary of the technical report entitled Feasibility Study - Nyngan Scandium Project, Bogan Shire, NSW, Australia dated May 4, 2016, which appear in the Annual Report and the incorporation therein of such references to the Company s registration statement on Form S-8 (No. 333-224510). Yours truly, Dr. Geoffrey Duckworth, B. Eng (Chem), M.Eng.Sc, PhD, FIChemE, MIEAust, FAusIMM, RPEQ 2702 Senior Consultant Process to Lycopodium Minerals Pty of Brisbane, Queensland, Australia 

</EX-23.4>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 scy_ex311.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 scy_ex311.htm EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I, Peter Evensen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Scandium International Mining Corp. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the annual report is being prepared; b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and c) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s control over financial reporting. Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ Peter Evensen Peter Evensen Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 scy_ex312.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 scy_ex312.htm EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) OR 15d-14(a) OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 I, Chris Evensen, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, of Scandium International Mining Corp. 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary in order to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a) designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which the annual report is being prepared; b) evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and c) disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; 5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function): a) all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s control over financial reporting. Date: March 7, 2023 By: /s/ R. Christian Evensen Chris Evensen Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 scy_ex321.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 scy_ex321.htm EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AND RULE 13a-14(b) OR RULE 15d-14(b) OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 In connection with the Annual Report of Scandium International Mining Corp. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Report"), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: March 7, 2023 /s/ Peter Evensen Peter Evensen Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 scy_ex322.htm
 CERTIFICATION
 
 scy_ex322.htm EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 AND RULE 13a-14(b) OR RULE 15d-14(b) OF THE U.S. SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 In connection with the Annual Report of Scandium International Mining Corp. (the "Company") on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the "Report"), the undersigned, in the capacities and on the date indicated below, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to his knowledge: 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Dated: March 7, 2023 /s/ R. Christian Evensen Chris Evensen Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 scy-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 scy-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 scy-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.DEF>
 14
 scy-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

