<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1710340_0001493152-23-007933.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>12565547</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>319868</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>7010123</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1892604</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1475474</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1721402</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-007933.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316163300
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-007933
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		86
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001710340
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				371858472
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-38738
		FILM NUMBER:		23739300

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21925 W. FIELD PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 235
		CITY:			DEER PARK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60010-7278
		BUSINESS PHONE:		(847) 787-7361

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		21925 W. FIELD PARKWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 235
		CITY:			DEER PARK
		STATE:			IL
		ZIP:			60010-7278

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-007933.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

(Mark
One) 

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For
the fiscal year ended , 

OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ______ TO ______ 

Commission
File Number 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State
 or other jurisdiction 
 of
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S.
 Employer 
 Identification
 No.) 

, 
 , 

(Address
 of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip
 Code) 

Registrant s
telephone number, including area code: 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title
 of each class 
 
 Trading
 Symbol 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered 

The
 Global Market LLC 

Securities
registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). YES NO 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 

Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness
of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered
public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If
securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant
included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate
by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation
received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). YES 

The
aggregate market value of all common stock (based upon the closing price on the Nasdaq Global Market) of the registrant held by non-affiliates
as of June 30, 2022 was approximately million. 

As
of March 7, 2023, the registrant had shares of common stock, 0.001 par value per share, outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS
INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

. 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item
 1. 
 Business 
 3 
 
 Item
 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 15 
 
 Item
 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 46 
 
 Item
 2. 
 Properties 
 46 
 
 Item
 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 
 
 Item
 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 46 

PART II 

Item
 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 47 
 
 Item
 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 47 
 
 Item
 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 47 
 
 Item
 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 53 
 
 Item
 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 53 

Item
 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 79 
 
 Item
 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 79 
 
 Item
 9B. 
 Other Information 
 80 

PART III 

Item
 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 8 0 
 
 Item
 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 80 
 
 Item
 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 80 
 
 Item
 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 80 
 
 Item
 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 80 

PART IV 

Item
 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 81 

Signatures 
 84 

i 

Note
Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K and the information incorporated herein by reference contain forward-looking statements that involve a number
of risks and uncertainties, many of which are beyond our control. Although our forward-looking statements reflect the good faith judgment
of our management, these statements can only be based on facts and factors currently known by us. Consequently, these forward-looking
statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties, and actual results and outcomes may differ materially from results and
outcomes discussed in the forward-looking statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth below under the caption
 Risk Factors. 

Forward-looking
statements in this Annual Report and in our other reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ), for example,
may include statements regarding : 

our
 ability to submit our product candidates through the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for approval by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration
 (the FDA 

our
 ability to obtain FDA approval for our product candidates; 

our
 ability to comply with all U.S. and foreign regulations concerning the development, manufacture and sale of our product candidates; 

our
 ability to maintain, protect and enhance our intellectual property; 

costs
 associated with initiating and defending intellectual property infringement and other claims; 

our
 expectations regarding the period during which we qualify as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act; 

future
 acquisitions of or investments in complementary companies or technologies; and 

our
 ability to comply with evolving legal standards and regulations, particularly concerning requirements for being a public company. 

1 

In
some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as anticipates, believes, continue, 
 could, estimates, expects, hopes, intends, may, plan, 
 potential, predicts, projects, seeks, should, will, 
 would or the negative of those terms, and similar expressions that convey uncertainty of future events or outcomes. In
addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These
statements include, but are not limited to, statements under the captions Business, Risk Factors and Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, as well as other sections in this Annual Report on Form
10-K. We discuss many of the risks associated with the forward-looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail
under the heading Risk Factors. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment. New risks
emerge from time to time. It is not possible for our management to predict all risks, nor can we assess the impact of all factors on
our business or the extent to which any factor, or combination of factors, may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained
in any forward-looking statements we may make. You should be aware that the occurrence of any of the events discussed under the caption
 Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report could substantially harm our business, results of operations and financial condition
and that if any of these events occurs, the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or a part of the value
of your shares of our common stock . 

The
cautionary statements made in this report are intended to be applicable to all related forward-looking statements wherever they may appear
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We urge you not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements, which speak only as
of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. For all forward-looking statements, we claim the protection of the safe harbor for forward-looking
statements contained in the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update
our forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in any
forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

This
Annual Report on Form 10-K also contains estimates, projections and other information concerning our industry, our business, and the
markets for our product candidates, as well as data regarding market research, estimates and forecasts prepared by our management. Information
that is based on estimates, forecasts, projections, market research or similar methodologies is inherently subject to uncertainties,
and actual events or circumstances may differ materially from events and circumstances reflected in this information. Unless otherwise
expressly stated, we obtained this industry, business, market and other data from reports, research surveys, studies and similar data
prepared by market research firms and other third parties, industry, medical and general publications, government data and similar sources.
As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, unless the context indicates or otherwise requires, Eton, our company, 
 we, us, and our refer to Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc., a Delaware corporation. 

You
should read the following together with the more detailed information regarding our company, our common stock and our financial statements
and notes to those statements appearing elsewhere in this report or incorporated by reference. The SEC allows us to incorporate
by reference information that we file with the SEC, which means that we can disclose important information to you by referring
you to those documents. The information incorporated by reference is considered to be part of this report . 

2 

PART
I 

Item
1. Business 

Overview 

Eton
is an innovative pharmaceutical company focused on developing, acquiring, and commercializing innovative products to address unmet needs
in patients suffering from rare diseases. 

The
Company currently has three commercial rare disease products, ALKINDI SPRINKLE for the treatment of adrenocortical insufficiency,
Carglumic Acid for the treatment of hyperammonemia due to N-acetylglutamate synthase (NAGS) deficiency, and Betaine Anhydrous for the
treatment of homocystinuria and has three additional product candidates in late-stage development. The Company is developing dehydrated
alcohol injection, which has received Orphan Drug Designation for the treatment of methanol poisoning, ZENEO hydrocortisone autoinjector
for the treatment of adrenal crisis, and ET-400. 

ALKINDI
SPRINKLE (hydrocortisone granules) - This product was approved by the FDA in September 2020 as a replacement therapy for Adrenocortical
Insufficiency AI in children under 17 years of age. The product is the first and only FDA-approved granule hydrocortisone
formulation for the treatment of AI designed for use in children. We acquired U.S. marketing rights to the product in March 2020 and
launched ALKINDI SPRINKLE in December 2020 with a sales force targeting pediatric endocrinologists. We believe there are approximately
10,000 children currently suffering from AI in the United States. ALKINDI SPRINKLE is protected by three issued patents that extend
to 2034. In January 2021, we announced the acquisition of Canadian rights to ALKINDI SPRINKLE . 

Carglumic
Acid tablets - Our Carglumic Acid product is an FDA-approved generic version of Carbaglu . Our product is approved for the treatment
of acute and chronic hyperammonemia due to N-acetylglutamate Synthase (NAGS) deficiency. We acquired marketing rights to the product
in October 2021 and launched the product in December 2021. We promote the product with our internal sales force. 

Betaine
Anhydrous for Oral Solution - Our Betaine Anhydrous product is an FDA-approved generic version of Cystadane for the treatment
of homocystinuria, a rare inherited condition that is estimated to impact less than 2,000 patients in the United States. We acquired
the product in September 2022 and expect to relaunch in early 2023. 

Dehydrated
Alcohol Injection - Our dehydrated alcohol injection product candidate is currently under review with the FDA for the treatment of
methanol poisoning. The application has been assigned a Target Action Date of June 27, 2023. The product was granted Orphan Drug Designation
in 2020. We believe the dehydrated alcohol injection market is more than 70 million annually. 

ET-400
 - Eton expects to submit a new drug application for the adrenal insufficiency product by the end of 2023, which could allow for an
approval and launch of the product in 2024. 

ZENEO 
Hydrocortisone Autoinjector - Our ZENEO hydrocortisone autoinjector product candidate is a proprietary needle-free autoinjector
under development for the treatment of adrenal crisis. We acquired U.S. marketing rights to the product candidate from Crossject in June
2021. Currently patients suffering from adrenal crisis typically use Solu-Cortef, a lyophilized hydrocortisone injection kit that must
be reconstituted prior to delivery. The current market for Solu-Cortef is more than 85 million annually based on IQVIA data. We believe
our needle-free autoinjector will be preferred by patients. We expect to submit a New Drug Application NDA for the product
in 2024, which could allow for FDA approval in 2025. 

3 

In
addition, the Company is entitled to royalties or milestone payments from five FDA-approved products and one product candidate under
development that the Company developed and out-licensed. The products are Alaway Preservative Free, EPRONTIA , Cysteine
Hydrochloride, ZONISADE , Biorphen , and Lamotrigine for Oral Suspension. 

Alaway 
Preservative Free (ketotifen fumarate) - Alaway Preservative Free is the first and only preservative-free ophthalmic
product FDA-approved for the treatment of allergic conjunctivitis. The Company sold the product rights to Bausch Health in February 2019.
Bausch Health is responsible for commercialization of the product which was launched in February 2021 and we receive a twelve
percent royalty on the product s net sales. 

EPRONTIA 
 (topiramate oral solution) - EPRONTIA is the only FDA-approved liquid formulation of topiramate. It is approved for three
indications, including: monotherapy for treatment of partial-onset or primary general tonic-clonic seizures in patients two years of
age and older; adjunctive therapy for treatment of partial-onset seizures, including seizures associated with Lennox-Gastaut syndrome
in patients two years of age and older; and as a preventive treatment of migraine in patients 12 years of age and older. The product was
approved in November 2021 and launched by Azurity Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Azurity in December 2021. 

Cysteine
Hydrochloride - Cysteine hydrochloride is an FDA-approved generic form of EXELA Pharma Sciences Elcys product indicated
for use as an additive to amino acid solutions to meet the nutritional requirements of newborn infants. The product is now owned by Dr. Reddy s Laboratories S.A. Dr. Reddy s ). 

ZONISADE 
(zonisamide oral suspension) - The product is an FDA-approved innovative liquid formulation of zonisamide for the treatment of partial
seizures in patients with epilepsy. The product was approved in July 2022. 

Biorphen - Biorphen is
the first and only FDA-approved formulation of ready-to-use phenylephrine injection. Biorphen is indicated for the treatment of clinically
important hypotension resulting primarily from vasodilation in the setting of anesthesia. The product was approved in October 2019 and
launched in December 2019. The product is marketed by Dr. Reddy s. 

Lamotrigine
for Oral Suspension - The product is an innovative liquid formulation of lamotrigine under development for the treatment of epilepsy.
The product s NDA was previously submitted to the FDA and received a Complete Response Letter CRL in May 2022.
Azurity is working on addressing the items identified in the CRL in order to resubmit the product s NDA. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals 

 Products
Summary 

Product 
 
 Eton
 Category 
 
 Indication 
 
 FDA
 Status 
 
 Carglumic
 Acid Tablets 
 
 Orphan
 Drug 
 
 NAGS
 deficiency 
 
 Commercial 
 
 ALKINDI
 SPRINKLE 
 
 Orphan
 Drug 
 
 Adrenal
 Insufficiency 
 
 Commercial 
 
 Betaine
 Anhydrous 
 
 Orphan
 Drug 
 
 Homocystinuria 
 
 Commercial 
 
 Dehydrated
 Alcohol Injection 
 
 Orphan
 Drug 
 
 Methanol
 Poisoning 
 
 Filed 
 
 ET-400 
 
 Orphan
 Drug 
 
 Adrenal
 Insufficiency 
 
 Submission
 Expected in 2023 
 
 ZENEO 
 Hydrocortisone 
 
 Orphan
 Drug 
 
 Adrenal
 Crisis 
 
 Submission
 Expected in 2024 

4 

Goals
and Strengths 

Our
goal is to become a leading profitable pharmaceutical company that brings innovative treatments to rare disease patients. We believe
we are unique in the pharmaceutical industry in our ability to identify, acquire, and advance products through the development and regulatory
process. Our biggest competitive strengths are: 

Business
 development experience our ability to identify and execute transactions on under-appreciated development assets. Our team
 has completed over 150 business development transactions throughout their careers and their industry connections and track record
 provide the company with proprietary deal flow. We typically avoid participating in broker led transactions of auction processes. 

Regulatory
 expertise our knowledge and experience gaining FDA approval, and particularly our knowledge within the 505(b)(2) regulatory
 pathway, provides drug sponsors with the opportunity to leverage existing data or literature to drastically expedite drug development
 timelines and reduce investment. 

Sales
and Marketing 

We
currently commercialize three orphan products under our own label with our internal infrastructure and sales force. We currently commercialize
ALKINDI SPRINKLE , Carglumic Acid, and Betaine Anhydrous in the United States. These products are distributed to patients via specialty
pharmacies, which support customer service and reimbursement activities. 

In
our royalty product category, the products are commercialized by our partners. Bausch Health is responsible for all sale and marketing
activities related to Alaway Preservative Free, and Azurity is responsible for all sales and marketing activities related to EPRONTIA ,
ZONISADE , and lamotrigine suspension. In all cases we receive a royalty on net sales of the products. 

Research
and Development 

We
currently have eight employees that support our product research and development activities. In addition, we utilize external sources
for various product development activities, including the resources of our product development partners for certain product candidates
and through the use of contract laboratory services on a fee for service model. 

Manufacturing
and Suppliers 

We
rely on third-party contract manufacturing organizations CMOs to manufacture our products. All of our finished product
manufacturing partners are based in the United States or Europe. We seek to work with CMOs that have a long history of quality and FDA
compliance. All products are manufactured in compliance with current Good Manufacturing Processes cGMP ), and our internal
quality system requires us to enter quality agreements with and audit all of our manufacturers prior to commercializing the product.
Our choice to rely on external manufacturers significantly reduces the amount of capital invested in our business and allows us the flexibility
to pursue a broad range of opportunities beyond the specific capabilities of a single facility. 

Intellectual
Property 

Our
policy is to seek to protect our proprietary position by, among other methods, filing U.S. and foreign patent applications related to
our proprietary technology, inventions and improvements that are important to the development of our business. We also rely on our trade
secrets, know-how and continuing technological innovation to develop and maintain our proprietary position. We vigorously defend our
intellectual property to preserve our rights and gain the benefit of our technological investments. Our business is not dependent, however,
upon any single patent, trademark or contract. 

5 

ALKINDI
SPRINKLE is protected by three issued patents that extend to 2034. We intend to seek patent protection on our internally developed
products as circumstances warrant. 

Government
Regulations and Funding 

Pharmaceutical
companies are subject to extensive regulation by foreign, federal, state and local agencies, such as the FDA, and various European
regulatory authorities. The manufacture, distribution, marketing and sale of pharmaceutical products are subject to government
regulation in the United States and various foreign countries. Additionally, in the United States, we must follow rules and
regulations established by the FDA requiring the presentation of data indicating that our products are safe and efficacious and are
manufactured in accordance with cGMP regulations. If we do not comply with applicable requirements, we may be fined, the government
may refuse to approve our marketing applications or allow us to manufacture or market our products, and we may be criminally
prosecuted. We, and our manufacturers and contract research organizations CROs ), may also be subject to regulations
under other foreign, federal, state and local laws, including, but not limited to, the U.S. Occupational Safety and Health Act, the
Resource Conservation and Recovery Act, the Clean Air Act and import, export and customs regulations as well as the laws and
regulations of other countries. The U.S. government has increased its enforcement activity regarding illegal marketing practices
domestically and internationally. As a result, pharmaceutical companies must ensure their compliance with the Foreign Corrupt
Practices Act and federal healthcare fraud and abuse laws, including the False Claims Act. 

These
regulatory requirements impact our operations and differ from one country to another, so that securing the applicable regulatory approvals
of one country does not imply the approval of another country. The approval procedures involve high costs and are manpower intensive,
usually extend over many years and require highly skilled and professional resources. 

FDA
Market Approval Process 

The
steps required to be taken before a new drug may be marketed in the United States generally include: 

completion
 of pre-clinical laboratory and animal testing; 

completion
 of required chemistry, manufacturing and controls testing; 

the
 submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug or IND, the application for which must be evaluated and found acceptable by
 the FDA before human clinical trials may commence; 

performance
 of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials to establish the safety, pharmacokinetics and efficacy of the proposed drug
 for its intended use; 

submission
 and approval of an NDA; and 

agreement
 with FDA of the language on the package insert. 

Clinical
studies are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, what types of patients may enter the
study, schedules of tests and procedures, drugs, dosages, and length of study, as well as the parameters to be used in monitoring safety,
and the efficacy criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical study and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted
to the FDA as part of the IND process. 

Clinical
trials are usually conducted in three phases. Phase 1 clinical trials are normally conducted in small groups of healthy volunteers to
assess safety of various dosing regimens and pharmacokinetics. After a safe dose has been established, in Phase 2 clinical trials the
drug is administered to small populations of sick patients to look for initial signs of efficacy in treating the targeted disease or
condition and to continue to assess safety. Phase 3 clinical trials are usually multi-center, double-blind controlled trials in larger
numbers of subjects at various sites to assess as fully as possible both the safety and effectiveness of the drug. 

6 

Clinical
trials must be conducted in accordance with the FDA s Good Clinical Practices cGCP requirements. The FDA may order
the temporary or permanent discontinuation of a clinical study at any time or impose other sanctions if it believes that the clinical
study is not being conducted in accordance with FDA requirements or that the participants are being exposed to an unacceptable health
risk. An institutional review board IRB generally must approve the clinical trial design and patient informed consent
at study sites that the IRB oversees and may halt a study, either temporarily or permanently, for failure to comply with the IRB s
requirements, or may impose other conditions. Additionally, some clinical studies are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts
organized by the clinical study sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group recommends whether or not a
trial may move forward at designated check-points based on access to certain data from the study. The clinical study sponsor may also
suspend or terminate a clinical trial based on evolving business objectives and/or competitive climate. 

As
a product candidate moves through the clinical testing phases, manufacturing processes are further defined, refined, controlled and validated.
The level of control and validation required by the FDA increases as clinical studies progress. We and the third-party manufacturers
on which we rely for the manufacture of our product candidates and their respective components (including the active pharmaceutical ingredient API )) are subject to requirements that drugs be manufactured, packaged and labeled in conformity with cGMP. To comply
with cGMP requirements, manufacturers must continue to spend time, money and effort to meet requirements relating to personnel, facilities,
equipment, production and process, labeling and packaging, quality control, recordkeeping and other requirements. 

After
completion of all required testing in accordance with all applicable regulatory requirements, detailed information on the product candidate
is submitted to the FDA in the form of an NDA, requesting approval to market the product for one or more indications, together with payment
of a user fee, unless waived. An NDA includes all relevant data available from pertinent nonclinical and clinical studies, including
negative or ambiguous results as well as positive findings, together with detailed information on the chemistry, manufacture, controls
and proposed labeling, among other things. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity
to establish the safety and efficacy of the product candidate for its intended use to the satisfaction of the FDA. 

If
an NDA submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth review of the NDA. Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA the FDA s goal is to complete its initial review and respond to the applicant within ten months of submission, unless the application
relates to an unmet medical need, or is for a serious or life-threatening indication, in which case the goal may be within six months
of NDA submission. However, the review process and the target response date under PDUFA may be extended if the FDA requests or the NDA
sponsor otherwise provides additional information or clarification regarding information already provided in the NDA. During its review
of an NDA, the FDA may refer the application to an advisory committee for review, evaluation and recommendation as to whether the application
should be approved. The FDA is not bound by the recommendation of the advisory committee, but it typically follows such recommendations.
Data from clinical studies are not always conclusive and the FDA and/or any advisory committee it appoints may interpret data differently
than the applicant. 

After
the FDA evaluates the NDA and inspects manufacturing facilities where the drug product and/or its API will be produced, it will either
approve commercial marketing of the drug product with prescribing information for specific indications or issue a CRL indicating that
the application is not ready for approval and stating the conditions that must be met in order to secure approval of the NDA. If the
CRL requires additional data and the applicant subsequently submits that data, the FDA nevertheless may ultimately decide that the NDA
does not satisfy its criteria for approval. The FDA could also approve the NDA with a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategies REMS plan to mitigate risks, which could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as
restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA also may condition approval on, among
other things, changes to proposed labeling, development of adequate controls and specifications, or a commitment to conduct post-marketing
testing. Such post-marketing testing may include Phase 4 clinical trials and surveillance to further assess and monitor the product s
safety and efficacy after approval. 

7 

If
the FDA approves one of our product candidates, we will be required to comply with a number of post-approval regulatory requirements.
We would be required to report, among other things, certain adverse reactions and production problems to the FDA, provide updated safety
and efficacy information and comply with requirements concerning advertising and promotional labeling for any of our products. Also,
quality control and manufacturing procedures must continue to conform to cGMP after approval, and the FDA periodically inspects manufacturing
facilities to assess compliance with cGMP, which imposes extensive procedural, substantive and record-keeping requirements. If we seek
to make certain changes to an approved product, such as certain manufacturing changes, we will need FDA review and approval before the
change can be implemented. For example, if we change the manufacturer of a product or our API, the FDA may require stability or other
data from the new manufacturer. Such data will take time and are costly to generate, and the delay associated with generating these
data may cause interruptions in our ability to meet commercial demand, if any. While physicians may use products for indications that
have not been approved by the FDA, we may not label or promote the product for an indication that has not been approved. Securing FDA
approval for new indications is similar to the process for approval of the original indication and requires, among other things, submitting
data from adequate and well-controlled studies that demonstrate the product s safety and efficacy in the new indication. Even if
such studies are conducted, the FDA may not approve any change in a timely fashion, or at all. 

The
FDA may also require post-marketing testing or Phase 4 testing, as well as risk minimization action plans and surveillance to monitor
the effects of an approved product or place conditions on an approval that could otherwise restrict the distribution or use of the product. 

Section
505(b)(2) New Drug Applications 

We
intend to submit applications for certain product candidates via the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. As an alternate path for FDA approval
of new indications or new formulations of previously approved products, a company may submit a Section 505(b)(2) NDA, instead of a stand-alone 
or full NDA. Section 505(b)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act FDCA was enacted as part of the
Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, otherwise known as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments. Section 505(b)(2) permits
the submission of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by or for the
applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. Some examples of products that may be allowed to follow
a 505(b)(2) path to approval are drugs that have a new dosage form, strength, route of administration, formulation or indication. 

The
Hatch-Waxman Amendments permit the applicant to rely upon certain published nonclinical or clinical studies conducted for an approved
product or the FDA s conclusions from prior review of such studies. The FDA may require companies to perform additional studies
or measurements to support any changes from the approved product. The FDA may then approve the new product for all or some of the labeled
indications for which the reference product has been approved, as well as for any new indication supported by the Section 505(b)(2) application.
While references to nonclinical and clinical data not generated by the applicant or for which the applicant does not have a right of
reference are allowed, all development, process, stability, qualification and validation data related to the manufacturing and quality
of the new product must be included in an NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2). 

To
the extent that the Section 505(b)(2) applicant is relying on the FDA s conclusions regarding studies conducted for an already
approved product, the applicant must provide the patent number and certify to the FDA in its opinion and to the best of its
knowledge, one of the following circumstances: (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent has
expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent
expiration; or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. The Section 505(b)(2) application also
will not be approved until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of a new chemical entity, listed
in the Orange Book for the reference product has expired. If the Orange Book certifications outlined above are not accomplished, the
Section 505(b)(2) applicant may invest a significant amount of time and expense in the development of its products only to be
subject to significant delay and patent litigation before its products may be commercialized. 

8 

Section
505(j) Abbreviated New Drug Applications 

The
505(j) pathway is used for product candidates that are therapeutically equivalent to an approved product. The underlying premise of the
505(j) pathway is that a product candidate classified as therapeutically equivalent can be substituted for the approved product with
the full expectation that the substituted product will produce the same clinical effect and safety profile as the approved product when
administered under the same conditions. A product candidate utilizing the 505(j) pathway requires an abbreviated new drug application, ANDA ), which relies on the FDA s finding that the previously approved drug candidate is safe and effective. An ANDA generally
must contain information to show that the product candidate is the same as the approved product with respect to API, conditions of use,
route of administration, dosage form, strength and labeling, with certain permissible differences, and is the bioequivalent of the approved
drug. The 505(j) pathway typically requires no clinical testing other than a bioequivalence trial. While the 505(j) pathway is typically
shorter and less expensive than the 505(b)(2) pathway, the 505(b)(2) pathway allows greater flexibility as to the characteristics of
the product candidate. 

Other
U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 

For
products distributed in the United States, we will also be subject to additional healthcare regulation and enforcement by the federal
government and the states in which we conduct our business. Applicable federal and state healthcare laws and regulations include the
following: 

The
 U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, persons from knowingly and willfully soliciting, offering, receiving, or
 providing remuneration, directly or indirectly, in cash or in kind, to induce or reward either the referral of an individual for,
 or the purchase, order, lease, or recommendation of, any good or service, for which payment may be made under federal healthcare
 programs such as Medicare and Medicaid; 

The
 federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the U.S. False Claims Act, can be enforced by individuals, on behalf of the
 government, through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions, and the civil monetary penalties law, prohibits individuals or entities
 from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government claims for payment that are
 false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease, or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

The Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), which prohibits, among other things, executing
a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, including private third-party payors, and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing
or covering up a material fact or making any materially false, fictitious, or fraudulent statement in connection with the delivery of
or payment for healthcare benefits, items, or services; 

HIPAA,
 as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act, and their implementing regulations, imposes
 obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually
 identifiable health information; and 

9 

Analogous
 state laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims
 involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non-governmental third-party payors, including private insurers, state laws
 that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the
 relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the federal government; state and local laws that require drug manufacturers to report
 information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures;
 state laws that require the reporting of information related to drug pricing; state and local laws requiring the registration of
 pharmaceutical sales and medical representatives; and state and foreign laws, such as the General Data Protection Regulation (EU)
 2016/679, governing the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in
 significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 

Because
of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness of available statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors, it is possible that some
of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or more of such laws. If our operations are found to be in violation
of any of the federal or state laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to penalties,
including significant criminal, civil, and administrative penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, imprisonment, exclusion from participation
in government healthcare programs, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these
laws, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations. 

Reimbursement 

Sales
of our products in the United States may depend, in part, on the extent to which the costs of the products will be covered and reimbursed
by third-party payors, such as government health programs, commercial insurance and managed health care organizations. These third-party
payors are increasingly challenging the prices charged for medical products and services. Additionally, the containment of health care
costs has become a priority of federal and state governments, and the prices of drugs have been a focus in this effort. The United States
government, state legislatures and foreign governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including
price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment
measures, and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit our net
revenue and results. If these third-party payors do not consider our products to be cost-effective compared to other available therapies,
they may not cover our products after approval as a benefit under their plans or, if they do, the level of payment may not be sufficient
to allow us to sell our products on a profitable basis. 

The
Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, (the MMA ), imposed new requirements for the distribution
and pricing of prescription drugs for Medicare beneficiaries and included a major expansion of the prescription drug benefit under Medicare
Part D. Under Part D, Medicare beneficiaries may enroll in prescription drug plans offered by private entities which will provide coverage
of outpatient prescription drugs. Part D plans include both stand-alone prescription drug benefit plans and prescription drug coverage
as a supplement to Medicare Advantage plans. Unlike Medicare Parts A and B, Part D coverage is not standardized. Part D prescription
drug plan sponsors are not required to pay for all covered Part D drugs, and each drug plan can develop its own drug formulary that identifies
which drugs it will cover and at what tier or level. However, Part D prescription drug formularies must include drugs within each therapeutic
category and class of covered Part D drugs, though not necessarily all the drugs in each category or class. Any formulary used by a Part
D prescription drug plan must be developed and reviewed by a pharmacy and therapeutic committee. Government payment for some of the costs
of prescription drugs may increase demand for products for which we receive marketing approval. However, any negotiated prices for our
products covered by a Part D prescription drug plan will likely be lower than the prices we might otherwise obtain. Moreover, while the
MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private third-party payors often follow Medicare coverage policy and payment
limitations in setting their own payment rates. Any reduction in payment that results from the MMA may result in a similar reduction
in payments from non-governmental payors. 

10 

Decreases
in third-party reimbursement for our products or a decision by a third-party payor to not cover our products could reduce physician usage
of the products and have a material adverse effect on our sales, results of operations and financial condition. 

Healthcare
Reform 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes
regarding the health-care system that could prevent or delay marketing approval pharmaceutical products, restrict or regulate post-approval
activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our product candidates. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand
post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. 

For
example, in March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act,
(collectively, the Health Care Reform Law was enacted, which substantially changes the way health care is financed by
both governmental and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The Health Care Reform Law, among
other things, imposed reporting requirements on manufacturers related to drug samples and financial relationships with physicians and
teaching hospitals, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended
the rebate program to individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, established annual fees on manufacturers of certain
branded prescription drugs, and established a Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program. 

Some
of the provisions of the Health Care Reform Law have yet to be implemented, and there have been judicial and Congressional
challenges to certain aspects of the Health Care Reform Law. In addition, Congress has considered legislation that would repeal or
repeal and replace all or part of the Health Care Reform Law. While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, two
bills affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the Health Care Reform Law have been signed into law. The Tax Cuts and
Jobs Act of 2017 (the Tax Act included a provision which repealed, effective January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared
responsibility payment imposed by the Health Care Reform Law on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage
for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018,
among other things, amended the Health Care Reform Law, effective January 1, 2019, to increase from 50 percent to 70 percent the
point-of-sale discount that is owed by pharmaceutical manufacturers who participate in Medicare Part D and to close the coverage gap
in most Medicare drug plans, commonly referred to as the donut hole . In 2018, a Texas U.S. District Court Judge ruled
that the Health Care Reform Law is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by
Congress as part of the Tax Act. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court overturned the 2018 Texas U.S. District Court decision. It
is unclear how subsequent appeals and other efforts to repeal and replace the Health Care Reform will impact our
business. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the Health Care Reform Law was enacted,
including: 

In August 2011, President Obama signed into law the Budget Control Act of 2011, which, among other things, created the Joint Select Committee
on Deficit Reduction to recommend to Congress proposals for deficit reduction of at least 1.2 trillion for the years 2013 through 2021.
The Joint Select Committee on Deficit Reduction did not achieve a targeted deficit reduction, which triggered the legislation s
automatic reduction to several government programs. This includes aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of, up to 2 
per fiscal year, and, due to subsequent legislative amendments, will remain in effect through 2030 unless Congress takes additional action.
These reductions went into effect in April 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through
2030 unless additional action is taken by Congress. 

On April 13, 2017, CMS published a final rule that gives states greater flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual
and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the Health Care Reform Law for plans sold
through such marketplaces. 

On May 30, 2018, the Right to Try Act, was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients
to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation
for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without
obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its
drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act. 

On May 23, 2019, CMS published a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning
January 1, 2020. 

11 

Further,
there has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost
of prescription drugs and biologics. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent U.S. Congressional Inquiries and proposed and enacted
federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, reduce the cost of prescription
drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer and patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement
methodologies for products. At a federal level, President Biden signed an Executive Order on July 9, 2021, affirming the administration s
policy to (i) support legislative reforms that would lower the prices of prescription drug and biologics, including by allowing Medicare
to negotiate drug prices, by imposing inflation caps, and, by supporting the development and market entry of lower-cost generic drugs
and biosimilars; and (ii) support the enactment of a public health insurance option. Among other things, the Executive Order also directs
the U.S. Department of Health Human Services HHS to provide a report on actions to combat excessive pricing of prescription drugs, enhance the domestic drug supply chain, reduce
the price that the Federal government pays for drugs, and address price gouging in the industry; and directs the FDA to work with states
and Indian Tribes that propose to develop section 804 Importation Programs in accordance with the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement,
and Modernization Act of 2003, and the FDA s implementing regulations. FDA released such implementing regulations on September
24, 2020, which went into effect on November 30, 2020, providing guidance for states to build and submit importation plans for drugs
from Canada. On September 25, 2020, CMS stated drugs imported by states under this rule will not be eligible for federal rebates under
Section 1927 of the Social Security Act and manufacturers would not report these drugs for best price or Average Manufacturer
Price purposes. Since these drugs are not considered covered outpatient drugs, CMS further stated it will not publish a National Average
Drug Acquisition Cost for these drugs. If implemented, importation of drugs from Canada may materially and adversely affect the price
we receive for any of our product candidates. Additionally, on November 30, 2020, HHS published a regulation removing safe harbor protection
for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers,
unless the price reduction is required by law. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price reductions reflected at the point-of-sale,
as well as a safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers. Pursuant to court order,
the removal and addition of the aforementioned safe harbors were delayed and recent legislation imposed a moratorium on implementation
of the rule until January 1, 2032. Although a number of these and other proposed measures may require authorization through additional
legislation to become effective, and the Biden administration may reverse or otherwise change these measures, both the Biden administration
and Congress have indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative measures to control drug costs. 

Most
recently, on August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act IRA which provides for (i) the government
to set or negotiate prices for select high-cost Medicare Part D (beginning in 2026) and Medicare Part B drugs (beginning in 2028) that
are more than nine years (for small-molecule drugs) or 13 years (for biological products) from their FDA approval, (ii) manufacturers
to pay a rebate for Medicare Part B and Part D drugs when prices increase faster than inflation beginning in 2022 for Medicare Part D
and 2023 for Medicare Part B drugs, and (iii) Medicare Part D redesign which replaces the current coverage gap provisions and establishes
a 2,000 cap for out-of-pocket limits costs for Medicare beneficiaries beginning in 2025, with manufacturers being responsible for 10 
of costs up to the 2,000 cap and 20 after that cap is reached. Implementation of the IRA is expected to be carried out through upcoming
actions by regulatory authorities, the outcome of which is uncertain. 

At
the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and
biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and
marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk
purchasing. 

We
expect that the healthcare reform measures that have been adopted and may be adopted in the future, may result in more rigorous coverage
criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product and could seriously harm our future
revenues. Any reduction in reimbursement from Medicare or other government programs may result in a similar reduction in payments from
private third-party payors. 

In
June 2016, the electorate in the UK voted in favor of leaving the EU (commonly referred to as Brexit ), and the UK formally
left the EU on January 31, 2020. There was a transition period during which EU pharmaceutical laws continued to apply to the UK, which
expired on December 31, 2020. However, the EU and the UK have concluded a trade and cooperation agreement, or TCA, which was provisionally
applicable since January 1, 2021, and has been formally applicable since May 1, 2021. The TCA includes specific provisions concerning
pharmaceuticals, which include the mutual recognition of GMP, inspections of manufacturing facilities for medicinal products and GMP
documents issued but does not foresee wholesale mutual recognition of UK and EU pharmaceutical regulations. At present, Great Britain
has implemented EU legislation on the marketing, promotion, and sale of medicinal products through the Human Medicines Regulations 2012
(as amended) (under the Northern Ireland Protocol, the EU regulatory framework will continue to apply in Northern Ireland). The regulatory
regime in Great Britain therefore largely aligns with current EU regulations, however it is possible that these regimes will diverge
in future now that Great Britain s regulatory system is independent from the EU and the TCA does not provide for mutual recognition
of UK and EU pharmaceutical legislation. 

There
have been, and likely will continue to be, legislative and regulatory proposals at the foreign, federal, and state levels directed at
broadening the availability of healthcare and containing or lowering the cost of healthcare. The implementation of cost containment measures
or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our product. Such
reforms could have an adverse effect on anticipated revenue from product candidates that we may successfully develop and for which we
may obtain regulatory approval and may affect our overall financial condition and ability to develop product candidates. 

12 

Employees 

We
currently have 28 full-time employees, eight of whom are engaged in research and development activities, 16 are engaged in sales/marketing
operations and four of whom are engaged in general corporate and strategy roles. We periodically utilize outside consultants on an as-needed
basis, including medical consultants and product telesales services. 

Corporate
and Other Information 

We
were incorporated under the laws of the state of Delaware in April 2017. Our principal executive offices are located at 21925 W. Field
Parkway, Suite 235, Deer Park, Illinois, 60010, and our telephone number is (847) 787-7361. Our corporate website address is www.etonpharma.com,
to which we regularly post copies of our press releases as well as links to reports we have filed with the SEC, which are available free
of charge as soon as reasonably practicable after being electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. Interested persons can subscribe
on our website to email alerts that are sent automatically when we issue press releases, file reports with the SEC or post certain other
information to our website. Information contained on or accessible through our website is not a part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K
or our other filings with the SEC. 

We
own two U.S. federal trademark applications and unregistered trademarks, including our company name. All other trademarks or trade names
referred to in this Annual Report are the property of their respective owners. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade names
in this Annual Report are referred to without the symbols and , but such references should not be construed as any indication
that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. 

Risk
Factor Summary 

You
should carefully consider the risks set forth in the section of this Annual Report of Form 10-K entitled Risk Factors beginning
on page 16 of this Annual Report, including, but not limited to, the following: 

We
 are a specialty pharmaceutical company with a limited operating history, and it is difficult for potential investors to evaluate
 our business. 

We
 may have significant research, regulatory and development expenses as we advance our product candidates. 

We
 may need to grow the size of our organization, and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth. 

If
 product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization
 of our product candidates. 

We
 may acquire businesses or products, or form strategic alliances, in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such acquisitions. 

We
 rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including
 any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. 

Sales
 of counterfeits of any of our product candidates, as well as unauthorized sales of any of our product candidates, may have adverse
 effects on our revenues, business and results of operations and damage our brand and reputation. 

We
 have entered into several arrangements with related parties for the development and marketing of certain product candidates and these
 arrangements present potential conflicts of interest. 

We
 face competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete
 effectively. 

Our
 competitors may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for comparable products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours,
 and the risk of our competitors doing so may lead us to develop drug candidates without disclosing certain information with regard
 to such candidates. 

If
 we are not able to obtain any required regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we will not be able to commercialize our
 product candidate and our ability to generate revenue will be limited. 

13 

If
 the FDA does not conclude that our product candidates satisfy the requirements for the 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway, or
 if the requirements for approval of any of our product candidates under Section 505(b)(2) are not as we expect, the approval pathway
 for our product candidates will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and encounter significantly greater complications
 and risks than anticipated, and in any case may not be successful. 

An
 NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2) subjects us to the risk that we may be subject to a patent infringement lawsuit that would
 delay or prevent the review or approval of our product candidate. 

Even
 if we receive regulatory approval for any of our product candidates, we may not be able to successfully commercialize the product,
 and the revenue that we generate from its sales, if any, may be limited. 

We
 are subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally,
 our product candidates could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject
 to penalties if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates. 

Significant
 additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our products may inhibit sales of affected products.

Current
 and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product
 candidates and affect the prices we may obtain. 

Our
 future growth may depend, in part, on our ability to penetrate international markets, where we would be subject to additional regulatory
 burdens and other risks and uncertainties. 

If
 we market any of our products or product candidates in a manner that violates health care fraud and abuse laws, or if we violate
 government price reporting laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties. 

We
 may not be able to establish agreements with third parties with whom we wish to collaborate and, if we are able to establish them,
 we may not be able to establish them on commercially reasonable terms, which could result in alterations or delays of our development
 and commercialization plans. 

We
 expect to rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials for our product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully
 carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize
 any of our product candidates and our business would be substantially harmed. 

We
 enter into various contracts in the normal course of our business, some or all of which may require us to indemnify the other party
 to the contract. In the event we have to perform under these indemnification provisions, it could have an adverse effect on our business,
 financial condition and results of operations. 

Any
 termination or suspension of, or delays in the commencement or completion of, any necessary studies of any of our product candidates
 for any indications could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our
 commercial prospects. 

Clinical
 drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may
 not be predictive of future trial results. 

Third-party
 coverage and reimbursement and health care cost containment initiatives and treatment guidelines may constrain our future revenues. 

We
 are subject to extensive laws and regulations related to data privacy, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations
 could harm our business. 

We
 will depend on rights to certain pharmaceutical compounds that have been acquired by us. We do not have complete control over these
 pharmaceutical compounds and any loss of our rights to them could prevent us from selling our products. 

It
 is difficult and costly to protect our intellectual property rights, and we cannot ensure the protection of these rights. 

Changes
 in either U.S. or foreign patent law or interpretation of such laws could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing
 our ability to protect our products. 

Our
 product candidates may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could increase our costs and delay or prevent our
 development and commercialization efforts. 

Others
 may claim an ownership interest in our intellectual property, which could expose us to litigation and have an adverse effect on our
 prospects. 

We
 may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully hired an employee from a competitor or that we or our employees have wrongfully
 used or disclosed alleged confidential information or trade secrets of their former employers. 

14 

Item
1A. Risk Factors 

We
operate in a dynamic and rapidly changing environment that involves numerous risks and uncertainties. Certain factors may have a material
adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations, and you should carefully consider them. Accordingly, in
evaluating our business, we encourage you to consider the following discussion of risk factors, in its entirety, in addition to other
information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and our other public filings with the SEC. Other events that we do not currently
anticipate or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect our results of operations and financial condition. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business 

We
are a specialty pharmaceutical company with a limited operating history, and it is difficult for potential investors to evaluate our
business. 

We
are a specialty pharmaceutical company founded in April 2017 and have commenced revenue-producing operations and our historical operations
have primarily consisted of the preliminary formulation, testing and development of our various product candidates. Our limited operating
history makes it difficult for potential investors to evaluate our initial product candidates or our prospective operations. As an early-stage
company, we are subject to all the risks inherent in the initial organization, financing, expenditures, complications and delays in a
new business. Further, biopharmaceutical product development is a highly speculative undertaking, involves a substantial degree of risk
and is a capital-intensive business. Accordingly, you should consider our prospects in light of the costs, uncertainties, delays and
difficulties frequently encountered by companies in the early stages of product development and commercialization, especially clinical-stage
biopharmaceutical companies such as ours. As a company with a limited operating history, we may be unable to: 

successfully
 implement or execute our current business plan or develop a business plan that is sound; 

successfully
 complete clinical trials and obtain regulatory approval for the marketing of our additional product candidates; 

successfully
 contract for the manufacture of our clinical drug products and establish a commercial drug supply; 

secure
 market exclusivity or adequate intellectual property protection for our product candidates; 

attract
 and retain an experienced management and advisory team; or 

raise
 sufficient funds in the capital markets to effectuate our business plan, including clinical development, regulatory approval and
 ongoing commercialization for our product candidates. 

There
can be no assurance that our efforts will be successful or that we will ultimately be able to attain profitability. If we cannot successfully
execute any one of the foregoing, our business may not succeed. 

We
may need to grow the size of our organization, and we could experience difficulties in managing this growth . 

As
our development and commercialization plans and strategies develop, we may need to expand the size of our employee and consultant/contractor
base. Future growth would impose significant added responsibilities on members of management, including the need to identify, recruit,
maintain, motivate and integrate additional employees. In addition, our management may have to divert a disproportionate amount of its
attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. Our future
financial performance and our ability to commercialize our product candidates and any other future product candidates and our ability
to compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage our future growth. 

15 

If
product liability lawsuits are brought against us, we may incur substantial liabilities and may be required to limit commercialization
of our product candidates . 

We
face a potential risk of product liability as a result of the commercialization of our approved products and clinical testing of our
new product candidates and will face an even greater risk if we commercialize our current product candidates or any other future product.
For example, we may be sued if our approved products or any product we develop, including any of our product candidates, or any materials
that we use in our products allegedly causes injury or is found to be otherwise unsuitable during product testing, manufacturing, marketing
or sale. Any such product liability claims may include allegations of defects in manufacturing, defects in design, a failure to warn
of dangers inherent in the product, negligence, strict liability and a breach of warranties. In the United States, claims could also
be asserted under state consumer protection acts. If we cannot successfully defend ourselves against product liability claims, we may
incur substantial liabilities or be required to limit commercialization of our product candidates. Even successful defense would require
significant financial and management resources. Regardless of the merits or eventual outcome, liability claims may result in: 

decreased
 demand for our current products or any of our product candidates or any future products that we may develop; 

injury
 to our reputation; 

withdrawal
 of clinical trial participants; 

costs
 to defend the related litigation; 

a
 diversion of management s time and our resources; 

substantial
 monetary awards to trial participants or patients; 

product
 recalls, withdrawals or labeling, marketing or promotional restrictions; 

the
 inability to commercialize some or all of our product candidates; and 

a
 decline in the value of our stock. 

We
carry product liability insurance we consider adequate for our current level of expected product sales, clinical testing and product
development. Our inability to obtain and retain sufficient product liability insurance at an acceptable cost to protect against potential
product liability claims could prevent or inhibit the commercialization of our approved products or additional products we develop. Although
we will endeavor to obtain and maintain such insurance in coverage amounts which we deem adequate, any claim that may be brought against
us could result in a court judgment or settlement in an amount that is not covered, in whole or in part, by our insurance or that is
in excess of the limits of our insurance coverage. Our insurance policies also have various exclusions, and we may be subject to a product
liability claim for which we have no coverage. We may have to pay any amounts awarded by a court or negotiated in a settlement that exceed
our coverage limitations or that are not covered by our insurance, and we may not have, or be able to obtain, sufficient capital to pay
such amounts. 

16 

We
may acquire businesses or products, or form strategic alliances, in the future, and we may not realize the benefits of such acquisitions . 

We
may acquire additional businesses or products, form strategic alliances or create joint ventures with third parties that we believe will
complement or augment our existing business. If we acquire businesses with promising markets or technologies, we may not be able to realize
the benefit of acquiring such businesses if we are unable to successfully integrate them with our existing operations and company culture.
We may encounter numerous difficulties in developing, manufacturing and marketing any new products resulting from a strategic alliance
or acquisition that delay or prevent us from realizing their expected benefits or enhancing our business. We cannot assure you that,
following any such acquisition, we will achieve the expected synergies to justify the transaction. 

We
rely significantly on information technology and any failure, inadequacy, interruption or security lapse of that technology, including
any cybersecurity incidents, could harm our ability to operate our business effectively. 

Despite
the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of third parties with which we contract are
vulnerable to damage from cyber attacks, computer viruses, unauthorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and
telecommunication and electrical failures. System failures, accidents or security breaches could cause interruptions in our
operations, and could result in a material disruption of our product development and clinical activities and business operations, in
addition to possibly requiring substantial expenditures of resources to remedy. Cybersecurity attacks in particular are evolving and
include, but are not limited to, malicious software, attempts to gain unauthorized access to data and other electronic security
breaches that could lead to disruptions in systems, misappropriation of our confidential or otherwise protected information and
corruption of data. The loss, theft or sabotage of product development or clinical trial data could result in delays in our
regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption
or security breach were to result in a loss of, or damage to, our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential
or proprietary information, we could incur liability and our development programs and the development of our product candidates
could be delayed. 

Sales
of counterfeits of any of our product candidates, as well as unauthorized sales of any of our product candidates, may have adverse effects
on our revenues, business and results of operations and damage our brand and reputation . 

Our
current approved products or our new product candidates may become subject to competition from counterfeit pharmaceutical products, which
are pharmaceutical products sold under the same or very similar brand names and/or having a similar appearance to genuine products, but
which are sold without proper licenses or approvals. Such products divert sales from genuine products, often are of lower cost, often
are of lower quality (having different ingredients or formulations, for example), and have the potential to damage the reputation for
quality and effectiveness of the genuine product. Obtaining regulatory approval for our product candidates is a complex and lengthy process.
If during the period while the regulatory approval is pending, illegal sales of counterfeit products begin, consumers may buy such counterfeit
products, which could have an adverse impact on our revenues, business and results of operations. In addition, if illegal sales of counterfeits
result in adverse side effects to consumers, we may be associated with any negative publicity resulting from such incidents. Although
pharmaceutical regulation, control and enforcement systems throughout the world have been increasingly active in policing counterfeit
pharmaceuticals, we may not be able to prevent third parties from manufacturing, selling or purporting to sell counterfeit products competing
with our current products or our new product candidates. Such sales may also be occurring without our knowledge. The existence and any
increase in production or sales of counterfeit products or unauthorized sales could negatively impact our revenues, brand reputation,
business and results of operations. 

17 

Risks
Related to Product Development, Regulatory Approval, Manufacturing and Commercialization 

We
depend entirely on the success of current approved products and our new product candidates. If we are unable to generate revenues from
our approved products and new product candidates, our ability to create stockholder value will be limited . 

We
have various product candidates under review with the FDA and are in the early stages of clinical development with a number of new product
candidates, and have not yet generated significant revenues from our approved drug products. We plan on submitting our clinical trial
protocols and receiving approvals from the FDA and international regulatory authorities before we commence any clinical trials. We may
not be successful in obtaining acceptance from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities to start our clinical trials. If
we do not obtain such acceptance, the time in which we expect to commence clinical programs for any product candidate will be extended
and such extension will increase our expenses and increase our need for additional capital. Moreover, there is no guarantee that our
clinical trials will be successful or that we will continue clinical development in support of additional product approvals from the
FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any indication. We note that most product candidates never reach the clinical development
stage and even those that do commence clinical development have only a small chance of successfully completing clinical development and
gaining regulatory approval. Therefore, our business substantially depends entirely on the successful development, regulatory approval
and commercialization of our product candidates, which may never occur. 

We
face competition from other biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies and our operating results will suffer if we fail to compete effectively . 

The
biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries are intensely competitive and subject to rapid and significant technological change. We have
existing competitors and potential new competitors in a number of jurisdictions, many of which have or will have substantially greater
name recognition, commercial infrastructures and financial, technical and personnel resources than we have. Established competitors may
invest heavily to quickly discover and develop novel compounds that could make any of our product candidates obsolete or uneconomical.
In addition, mergers and acquisitions in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries may result in even more resources being concentrated
among a smaller number of our competitors, potentially reducing or eliminating our commercial opportunity. Furthermore, such potential
competitors may enter the market before us, and their products may be designed to circumvent our pending patent applications and any
patents we may receive. They may also challenge, narrow or invalidate any granted patents or our patent applications, and such patents
and patent applications may fail to provide adequate protection for our product candidates. Any new product that competes with an approved
product may need to demonstrate compelling advantages in efficacy, cost, convenience, tolerability and safety to be commercially successful.
Other competitive factors, including generic competition, could force us to lower prices or could result in reduced sales. In addition,
new products developed by others could emerge as competitors to our product candidates. If we are not able to compete effectively against
our current and future competitors, our business will not grow and our financial condition and operations will suffer. 

We
face substantial competition, which may result in others discovering, developing and commercializing products before or more successfully
than our product candidates . 

The
development and commercialization of new drugs is highly competitive. We face competition (from major pharmaceutical companies, specialty
pharmaceutical companies and biotechnology companies worldwide) with respect to our current product candidates and will face competition
with respect to any product candidates that we may seek to develop or commercialize in the future. We compete directly with companies
that focus on 505(b)(2) and generic drugs, and companies dedicating their resources to novel forms of therapies for these indications.
Many of these competitors are attempting to develop products for our target indications. We face the risk that our competitors will develop
a competing product using the same 505(b)(2) pathway that we intend to pursue. Our business model is to focus on product candidates that
we consider to have a shorter timeline to, and lower cost of, regulatory approval. These attributes can also be taken advantage of by
our competitors to develop and obtain marketing approval of a competing product. In addition, following FDA approval of our product candidates
for which we have no patent protection, our competitors may seek to develop a competing product pursuant to the 505(j) pathway, which
is an abbreviated pathway used for the regulatory approval of generic product candidates. As a result of the foregoing, we may find that
the market opportunity for our product candidates for which we have no patent protection is relatively small due to the fact that barriers
to entry are low and generic competition may follow within relatively short time periods after our product is approved. With the proliferation
of new drugs and therapies in these areas, we expect to face increasingly intense competition as new technologies become available. Any
product candidates that we successfully develop and commercialize will compete with existing products and new products that may become
available in the future. 

18 

There
are products already approved for all of the indications we are targeting. Many of these approved products are well established therapies
and are widely accepted by physicians, patients and third-party payors. This may make it difficult for us to achieve our business strategy
of replacing existing products with our product candidates. In addition, where we are able to offer benefits over existing products offered
by our competitors, those competitors may reformulate their drugs in a manner that mimics the benefits offered by our product candidates.
As noted below, many of our product candidates are not eligible for patent protection or the market and data exclusivity provisions under
the FDCA. Consequently, our commercial operations face significant direct competition
and our competitors may develop products that are similar to ours and perhaps safer, more effective, more convenient or less costly than
any that we are developing or that would render our product candidates obsolete or non-competitive. Our inability to successfully compete
could negatively impact our business, results of operations and stock price. 

Our
competitors may obtain FDA or other regulatory approval for comparable products more rapidly than we may obtain approval for ours, and
the risk of our competitors doing so may lead us to develop drug candidates without disclosing certain information with regard to such
candidates . 

The
FDCA provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, 505(b)(2) NDA, or supplement to an existing NDA or 505(b)(2) NDA if new
clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA
to be essential to the approval of the application, (e.g., for new indications, dosages, strengths or dosage forms of an existing drug).
Many of our competitors have significantly greater financial, manufacturing, marketing, drug development, technical and human resources
than we do. As a result, many of our competitors have the ability to bring a product candidate to market more rapidly than we can and
depending on the nature of their product candidate they could substantially delay the introduction of our product candidate into the
market if their product qualifies for the market and data exclusivity provisions under the FDCA. In order to preserve any competitive
advantage, we will, at times, make the decision to pursue a product candidate for which we will not disclose the API, dosage or reference
drug until such time as we believe that any competitive advantage would not be materially compromised by public disclosure of such information,
which in some cases may be as late as our receipt of marketing approval from the FDA. Our business currently depends on our ability to
bring our product candidates to market in a manner that preserves our perceived competitive advantage, and any loss of that competitive
advantage could negatively impact our business, results of operations and stock price. 

If
we are not able to obtain any required regulatory approvals for our product candidates, we will not be able to commercialize our product
candidate and our ability to generate revenue will be limited . 

We
may be required to successfully complete clinical trials for our product candidates before we can apply for marketing approval. Even
if we complete any such clinical trials, it does not assure marketing approval. Any such clinical trials may be unsuccessful, which would
materially harm our business. Even if such initial clinical trials are successful, we may be required to conduct additional clinical
trials to establish our product candidates safety and efficacy before an NDA or foreign equivalents can be submitted to the FDA
or comparable foreign regulatory authorities for marketing approval of our product candidates. 

Our
success depends on the receipt of regulatory approval and the issuance of such regulatory approvals is uncertain and subject to a number
of risks, including the following: 

the
 results of any required toxicology studies may not support the submission of an IND for our product candidates; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities or Institutional Review Boards IRB ), may disagree with the design
 or implementation of our clinical trials; 

we
 may not be able to provide acceptable evidence of our product candidates safety and efficacy; 

19 

the
 results of our clinical trials may not be satisfactory or may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required
 by the FDA or other regulatory agencies for marketing approval; 

the
 dosing of our product candidates in any required clinical trial may not be at an optimal level; 

the
 results of our clinical trials may not be satisfactory or may not meet the level of statistical or clinical significance required
 by the FDA or other regulatory agencies for marketing approval; 

the
 dosing of our product candidates in any required clinical trial may not be at an optimal level; 

patients
 in our clinical trials may suffer adverse effects for reasons that may or may not be related to our product candidates; 

the
 data collected from clinical trials may not be sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or other submission or to obtain regulatory
 approval in the United States or elsewhere; 

the
 FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may fail to approve the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers
 with which we contract for clinical and commercial supplies; and 

the
 approval policies or regulations of the FDA may significantly change in a manner rendering our clinical data insufficient for approval. 

Failure
to obtain regulatory approval for our product candidates for the foregoing, or any other reasons, will prevent us from commercializing
our product candidates, and our ability to generate sufficient revenue will be materially impaired. We cannot guarantee that regulators
will agree with our assessment of the results of the clinical trials we intend to conduct in the future or that such trials will be successful.
The FDA and other regulators have substantial discretion in the approval process and may refuse to accept any application or may decide
that our data is insufficient for approval and require additional clinical trials, or pre-clinical or other studies. In addition, varying
interpretations of the data obtained from pre-clinical and clinical testing could delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval of our
product candidates. 

The
process of obtaining regulatory approvals is expensive, often takes many years, if approval is obtained at all, and can vary substantially
based upon, among other things, the type, complexity and novelty of the product candidates involved, the jurisdiction in which regulatory
approval is sought and the substantial discretion of the regulatory authorities. Changes in regulatory approval policies during the development
period, changes in or the enactment of additional statutes or regulations, or changes in regulatory review for a submitted product application
may cause delays in the approval or rejection of an application. Regulatory approval obtained in one jurisdiction does not necessarily
mean that a product candidate will receive regulatory approval in all jurisdictions in which we may seek approval, but the failure to
obtain approval in one jurisdiction may negatively impact our ability to seek approval in a different jurisdiction. Failure to obtain
regulatory marketing approval for our product candidates will prevent us from commercializing the product candidate, and our ability
to generate sufficient revenue will be materially impaired. 

20 

If
the FDA does not conclude that our product candidates satisfy the requirements for the 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway, or if the
requirements for approval of any of our product candidates under Section 505(b)(2) are not as we expect, the approval pathway for our
product candidates will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and encounter significantly greater complications and
risks than anticipated, and in any case may not be successful . 

We
intend to seek FDA approval through the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for the majority of our product candidates. The Drug Price Competition
and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, also known as the Hatch-Waxman Act, added Section 505(b)(2) to the FDCA. Section 505(b)(2) permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval
comes from studies that were not conducted by or for the applicant. If the FDA does not allow us to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway
for our product candidates as anticipated, we may need to conduct additional clinical trials, provide additional data and information
and meet additional standards for regulatory approval. If this were to occur, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA
approval for our product candidates would likely substantially increase. Moreover, the inability to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway
could result in new competitive products reaching the market faster than our product candidates, which could materially adversely impact
our competitive position and prospects. Even if we are allowed to pursue the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for a product candidate, we
cannot assure you that we will receive the requisite or timely approvals for commercialization of such product candidate. For example,
we had under development a patented injectable pentoxifylline therapeutic candidate, which we believed would satisfy the requirements
of the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. However, based on a pre-IND meeting with the FDA in March 2018 to discuss the clinical and regulatory
pathway for the product, we have decided to suspend all further development activities for this candidate indefinitely due to extraordinarily
high costs of the clinical trials that would be required by the FDA. 

Notwithstanding
the approval of many products by the FDA pursuant to Section 505(b)(2), over the last few years some pharmaceutical companies and others
have objected to the FDA s interpretation of Section 505(b)(2) to allow reliance on the FDA s prior findings of safety and
effectiveness. If the FDA changes its interpretation of Section 505(b)(2), or if the FDA s interpretation is successfully challenged
in court, this could delay or even prevent the FDA from approving any Section 505(b)(2) application that we submit. In addition, we expect
that our competitors will file citizens petitions with the FDA in an attempt to persuade the FDA that our product candidate, or
the clinical studies that support their approval, contain deficiencies. Such actions by our competitors could delay or even prevent the
FDA from approving any NDA that we submit under Section 505(b)(2). 

Moreover,
the FDA recently adopted an interpretation of the three-year exclusivity provisions whereby a 505(b)(2) application can be blocked by
exclusivity even if does not rely on the previously approved drug that has exclusivity (or any safety or effectiveness information regarding
that drug). Under the FDA s new interpretation, approval may be blocked by exclusivity awarded to a previously-approved drug product
that shares certain innovative features with our product, even if our 505(b)(2) application does not identify the previously-approved
drug product as a listed drug or rely upon any of its safety or efficacy data. Any failure to obtain regulatory approval of our product
candidates would significantly limit our ability to generate sufficient revenues, and any failure to obtain such approval for all of
the indications and labeling claims we deem desirable could reduce our potential revenues. 

An
NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2) subjects us to the risk that we may be subject to a patent infringement lawsuit that would delay
or prevent the review or approval of our product candidate . 

The
505(b)(2) application would enable us to reference published literature or the FDA s previous findings of safety and effectiveness
for the branded reference drug. For NDAs submitted under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA, the patent certification and related provisions
of the Hatch-Waxman Act apply. In accordance with Hatch-Waxman Act, in seeking approval for a drug through such an NDA, applicants are
required to list with the FDA each patent whose claims cover the applicant s product. Upon approval of a drug, each of the patents
listed in the application for the drug is then published in the FDA s Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations,
commonly known as the Orange Book. Drugs listed in the Orange Book can, in turn, be cited by potential generic competitors in support
of approval of an ANDA. An ANDA provides for marketing of a drug product that has the same active ingredients in the same strengths and
dosage form as the listed drug and has been shown to be bioequivalent to the listed drug. Other than the requirement for bioequivalence
testing, ANDA applicants are not required to conduct or submit results of pre-clinical or clinical tests to prove the safety or effectiveness
of their drug product. Drugs approved in this way are commonly referred to as generic equivalents to the listed drug and
can often be substituted by pharmacists under prescriptions written for the original listed drug. 

21 

The
ANDA applicant is required to certify to the FDA concerning any patents listed for the approved product in the FDA s Orange Book.
Specifically, the applicant must certify that either: (i) the required patent information has not been filed; (ii) the listed patent
has expired; (iii) the listed patent has not expired, but will expire on a particular date and approval is sought after patent expiration
or (iv) the listed patent is invalid or will not be infringed by the new product. The ANDA applicant may also elect to submit a section
viii statement certifying that its proposed ANDA label does not contain (or carves out) any language regarding the patented method-of-use
rather than certify to a listed method-of-use patent. If the applicant does not challenge the listed patents, the ANDA application will
not be approved until all the listed patents claiming the referenced product have expired. 

A
certification that the new product will not infringe the already approved product s listed patents, or that such patents are invalid
or unenforceable, is called a Paragraph IV certification. If the ANDA applicant has provided a Paragraph IV certification to the FDA,
the applicant must also send notice of the Paragraph IV certification to the NDA and patent holders once the ANDA has been accepted for
filing by the FDA. The NDA and patent holders may then initiate a patent infringement lawsuit in response to the notice of the Paragraph
IV certification. Under the Hatch-Waxman Act, the holder of patents that the 505(b)(2) application references may file a patent infringement
lawsuit after receiving notice of the Paragraph IV certification. Filing of a patent infringement lawsuit against the filer of the 505(b)(2)
applicant within 45 days of the patent owner s receipt of notice triggers a one-time, automatic, 30-month stay of the FDA s
ability to approve the 505(b)(2) NDA, unless patent litigation is resolved in favor of the Paragraph IV filer or the patent expires before
that time. Accordingly, we may invest a significant amount of time and expense in the development of one or more product candidates only
to be subject to significant delay and patent litigation before such product candidates may be commercialized, if at all. 

In
addition, a 505(b)(2) application will not be approved until any non-patent exclusivity, such as exclusivity for obtaining approval of
a new chemical entity listed in the Orange Book for the referenced product has expired. The FDA may also require us to perform one or
more additional clinical studies or measurements to support the change from the branded reference drug, which could be time-consuming
and could substantially delay our achievement of regulatory approvals for such product candidates. The FDA may also reject our future
505(b)(2) submissions and require us to file such submissions under Section 505(b)(1) of the FDCA, which would require us to provide
extensive data to establish safety and effectiveness of the drug for the proposed use and could cause delay and be considerably more
expensive and time-consuming. These factors, among others, may limit our ability to successfully commercialize our product candidates. 

Companies
that produce branded reference drugs routinely bring litigation against ANDA or 505(b)(2) applicants that seek regulatory approval to
manufacture and market generic and reformulated forms of their branded products. These companies often allege patent infringement or
other violations of intellectual property rights as the basis for filing suit against an ANDA or 505(b)(2) applicant. Likewise, patent
holders may bring patent infringement suits against companies that are currently marketing and selling their approved generic or reformulated
products. Litigation to enforce or defend intellectual property rights is often complex and often involves significant expense and can
delay or prevent introduction or sale of our product candidates. If patents are held to be valid and infringed by our product candidates
in a particular jurisdiction, we would, unless we could obtain a license from the patent holder, be required to cease selling in that
jurisdiction and may need to relinquish or destroy existing stock in that jurisdiction. There may also be situations where we use our
business judgment and decide to market and sell our approved products, notwithstanding the fact that allegations of patent infringement(s)
have not been finally resolved by the courts, which is known as an at-risk launch. The risk involved in doing so can be
substantial because the remedies available to the owner of a patent for infringement may include, among other things, damages measured
by the profits lost by the patent owner and not necessarily by the profits earned by the infringer. In the case of a willful infringement,
the definition of which is subjective, such damages may be increased up to three times. Moreover, because of the discount pricing typically
involved with bioequivalent and, to a lesser extent, 505(b)(2) products, patented branded products generally realize a substantially
higher profit margin than bioequivalent and, to a lesser extent, 505(b)(2) products, resulting in disproportionate damages compared to
any profits earned by the infringer. An adverse decision in patent litigation could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial
position and results of operations and could cause the market value of our common stock to decline. 

22 

Even
if we receive regulatory approval for our additional product candidates, we may not be able to successfully commercialize these products,
and the revenue that we generate from those sales, if any, may be limited . 

If
approved for marketing, the commercial success of our product candidates will depend upon each product s acceptance by the medical
community, including physicians, patients and health-care payors. The degree of market acceptance for any of our product candidates will
depend on a number of factors, including: 

demonstration
 of clinical safety and efficacy; 

relative
 convenience, dosing burden and ease of administration; 

the
 willingness of physicians to prescribe our product candidates, and the target patient population to try new therapies; 

efficacy
 of our product candidates compared to competing products; 

the
 introduction of any new products that may in the future become available targeting indications for which our product candidates may
 be approved; 

new
 procedures or therapies that may reduce the incidences of any of the indications in which our product candidates may show utility; 

pricing
 and cost-effectiveness; 

the
 inclusion or omission of our product candidates in applicable therapeutic and vaccine guidelines; 

the
 effectiveness of our own or any future collaborators sales and marketing strategies; 

limitations
 or warnings contained in approved labeling from regulatory authorities; 

our
 ability to obtain and maintain sufficient third-party coverage and adequate reimbursement from government health care programs, including
 Medicare and Medicaid, private health insurers and other third-party payors or to receive the necessary pricing approvals from government
 bodies regulating the pricing and usage of therapeutics; and 

the
 willingness of patients to pay out-of-pocket in the absence of third-party coverage or adequate reimbursement or government pricing
 approvals. 

If
any of our product candidates are approved, but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, health care payors, and
patients, we may not generate sufficient revenue and we may not be able to achieve or sustain profitability. Our efforts to educate the
medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may never be
successful. 

23 

In
addition, even if we obtain regulatory approvals for our product candidates, the timing or scope of any approvals may prohibit or reduce
our ability to commercialize our product candidates successfully. For example, if the approval process takes too long, we may miss market
opportunities and give other companies the ability to develop competing products or establish market dominance. Any regulatory approval
we ultimately obtain may be limited or subject to restrictions or post-approval commitments that render our product candidates not commercially
viable. For example, regulatory authorities may approve any of our product candidates for fewer or more limited indications than we request,
may not approve the price we intend to charge for any of our product candidates, may grant approval contingent on the performance of
costly post-marketing clinical trials, or may approve any of our product candidates with a label that does not include the labeling claims
necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of that indication. Further, the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities
may place conditions on approvals or require risk management plans or a REMS,
to assure the safe use of the drug. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the FDA will not approve the NDA without an approved REMS,
if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted
distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. The FDA may also require a REMS for an approved product when
new safety information emerges. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution,
prescription or dispensing of our product candidates. Moreover, product approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory
standards or if problems occur following the initial marketing of the product. Any of the foregoing scenarios could materially harm the
commercial success of our product candidates. 

We
are subject to ongoing obligations and continued regulatory review, which may result in significant additional expense. Additionally,
our product candidates could be subject to labeling and other restrictions and withdrawal from the market, and we may be subject to penalties
if we fail to comply with regulatory requirements or if we experience unanticipated problems with our product candidates . 

The
FDA or foreign equivalent may still impose significant restrictions on our products indicated uses or the conditions of approval, or
impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly and time-consuming post-approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, and post-market
surveillance to monitor safety and efficacy. Our product candidates will also be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements governing
the manufacturing, labeling, packaging, storage, distribution, safety surveillance, advertising, promotion, recordkeeping and reporting
of adverse events and other post-market information. These requirements include registration with the FDA, as well as continued compliance
with current cGCP regulations for any clinical trials that we conduct post-approval. In addition,
manufacturers of drug products and their facilities are subject to continual review and periodic inspections by the FDA and other regulatory
authorities for compliance with cGMP requirements relating to quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records
and documents. 

The
FDA has the authority to require a REMS as part of an NDA or after approval, which may impose further requirements or restrictions on
the distribution or use of an approved drug, such as limiting prescribing to certain physicians or medical centers that have undergone
specialized training, limiting treatment to patients who meet certain safe-use criteria or requiring patient testing, monitoring and/or
enrollment in a registry. 

With
respect to sales and marketing activities by us or any future partner, advertising and promotional materials must comply with FDA rules
in addition to other applicable federal, state and local laws in the United States and similar legal requirements in other countries.
In the United States, the distribution of product samples to physicians must comply with the requirements of the U.S. Prescription Drug
Marketing Act. Application holders must obtain FDA approval for product and manufacturing changes, depending on the nature of the change.
We may also be subject, directly or indirectly through our customers and partners, to various fraud and abuse laws, including, without
limitation, the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute, U.S. False Claims Act, and similar state laws, which impact, among other things, our proposed
sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs. If we participate in the U.S. Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, the Federal Supply
Schedule of the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, or other government drug programs, we will be subject to complex laws and regulations
regarding reporting and payment obligations. All of these activities are also potentially subject to U.S. federal and state consumer
protection and unfair competition laws. Similar requirements exist in many of these areas in other countries. 

24 

In
addition, if any of our product candidates are approved for a particular indication, our product labeling, advertising and promotion
would be subject to regulatory requirements and continuing regulatory review. The FDA strictly regulates the promotional claims that
may be made about prescription products. In particular, a product may not be promoted for uses that are not approved by the FDA as reflected
in the product s approved labeling. However, companies may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent
with the product s approved FDA labeling. If we receive marketing approval for our product candidates, physicians may nevertheless
legally prescribe our products to their patients in a manner that is inconsistent with the approved label. If we are found to have promoted
such off-label uses, we may become subject to significant liability and government fines. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce
the laws and regulations prohibiting the promotion of off-label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label
uses may be subject to significant sanctions. The federal government has levied large civil and criminal fines against companies for
alleged improper promotion and has enjoined several companies from engaging in off-label promotion. The FDA has also requested that companies
enter into consent decrees of permanent injunctions under which specified promotional conduct is changed or curtailed. 

If
we or a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency,
problems with the facility where the product is manufactured, or we or our manufacturers fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements,
we may be subject to the following administrative or judicial sanctions: 

restrictions
 on the marketing or manufacturing of the product, withdrawal of the product from the market, or voluntary or mandatory product recalls; 

issuance
 of warning letters or untitled letters; 

clinical
 holds; 

injunctions
 or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties or monetary fines; 

suspension
 or withdrawal of regulatory approval; 

suspension
 of any ongoing clinical trials; 

refusal
 to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, or suspension or revocation of product license
 approvals; 

suspension
 or imposition of restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or 

product
 seizure or detention or refusal to permit the import or export of product. 

The
occurrence of any event or penalty described above may inhibit our ability to commercialize our product candidates and generate revenue.
Adverse regulatory action, whether pre- or post-approval, can also potentially lead to product liability claims and increase our product
liability exposure. 

Obtaining
foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and
costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of our products in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory
requirements in international markets and/or to receive applicable marketing approvals, our target market will be reduced and our ability
to realize the full market potential of our product candidates will be harmed. 

25 

Significant
additional labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of our products may inhibit sales of affected products. 

Various
jurisdictions may seek to adopt significant additional product labeling or warning requirements or limitations on the availability of
our products relating to the content or perceived adverse health consequences of our products. Federal laws may preempt some or all of
these attempts by state or localities to impose additional labeling or warning requirements. If these types of requirements become applicable
to our products under current or future environmental or health laws or regulations, they may inhibit sales of our products. Moreover,
if we fail to meet compliance deadlines for any such new requirements, our products may be deemed misbranded or mislabeled and could
be subject to enforcement action, or we could be exposed to private lawsuits alleging misleading labels or product promotion. 

Current
and future legislation may increase the difficulty and cost for us to obtain marketing approval of and commercialize our product candidates
and affect the prices we may obtain . 

In
the United States and some foreign jurisdictions, there have been a number of legislative and regulatory changes and proposed changes
regarding the health care system that could prevent or delay marketing approval for our product candidates, restrict or regulate post-approval
activities and affect our ability to profitably sell our product candidates. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand
post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We do not know whether additional
legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact
of such changes on the marketing approvals of our product candidates, if any, may be. In addition, increased scrutiny by the U.S. Congress
of the FDA s approval process may significantly delay or prevent marketing approval, as well as subject us to more stringent product
labeling and post-marketing testing and other requirements. 

In
the United States, the Medicare Modernization Act MMA changed the way Medicare covers and pays for pharmaceutical products.
The legislation expanded Medicare coverage for drug purchases by the elderly and introduced a new reimbursement methodology based on
average sales prices for drugs. In addition, this legislation authorized Medicare Part D prescription drug plans to use formularies where
they can limit the number of drugs that will be covered in any therapeutic class. As a result of this legislation and the expansion of
federal coverage of drug products, we expect that there will be additional pressure to contain and reduce costs. These cost reduction
initiatives and other provisions of this legislation could decrease the coverage and price that we receive for our product candidates
and could seriously harm our business. While the MMA applies only to drug benefits for Medicare beneficiaries, private payors often follow
Medicare coverage policy and payment limitations in setting their own reimbursement rates, and any reduction in reimbursement that results
from the MMA may result in a similar reduction in payments from private payors. 

In
March 2010, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, collectively
referred to as the Health Care Reform Law, was enacted, which substantially changes the way health care is financed by both governmental
and private insurers, and significantly impacts the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. The Health Care Reform Law, among other things, imposed
reporting requirements on manufacturers related to drug samples and financial relationships with physicians and teaching hospitals, increased
the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program and extended the rebate program to individuals
enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, established annual fees on manufacturers of certain branded prescription drugs, and
established a Medicare Part D coverage gap discount program. 

26 

Some
of the provisions of the Health Care Reform Law have yet to be implemented, and there have been judicial and Congressional
challenges to certain aspects of the Health Care Reform Law, as well as recent efforts by the Trump administration to repeal or
replace certain aspects of the Health Care Reform Law. Since January 2017, former President Trump had signed two executive orders
and other directives designed to delay, circumvent or loosen certain requirements mandated by the Health Care Reform Law.
Concurrently, Congress has considered legislation that would repeal or repeal and replace all or part of the Health Care Reform Law.
While Congress has not passed comprehensive repeal legislation, two bills affecting the implementation of certain taxes under the
Health Care Reform Law have been signed into law. The Tax Act included a provision which repealed, effective January 1, 2019, the
tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the Health Care Reform Law on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying
health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate. On January 22, 2018,
former President Trump signed a continuing resolution on appropriations for fiscal year 2018 that delayed the implementation of
certain Health Care Reform Law-mandated fees, including the so-called Cadillac tax on certain high-cost
employer-sponsored insurance plans, the annual fee imposed on certain health insurance providers based on market share, and the
medical device excise tax on non-exempt medical devices. The Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018, among other things, amended the Health
Care Reform Law, effective January 1, 2019, to increase from 50 to 70 the point-of-sale discount that is owed by pharmaceutical
manufacturers who participate in Medicare Part D and to close the coverage gap in most Medicare drug plans, commonly referred to as
the donut hole . On December 14, 2018, a Texas U.S. District Court Judge ruled that the Health Care Reform Law is
unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress as part of the Tax Act. On
June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court overturned the 2018 Texas U.S. District Court decision. It is unclear how subsequent appeals, and other efforts to repeal and replace the Health Care Reform will impact our business. We cannot predict the
impact on our business of changes to current laws and regulations. However, any changes that lower reimbursements for products for
which we may obtain regulatory approval, or that impose administrative and financial burdens on us, could adversely affect our
business. 

In
addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the Health Care Reform Law was enacted.
These changes include, among others, aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year. We expect that
additional state and federal health care reform measures will be adopted in the future, which may alter or completely replace the existing
health care financing structure. Any of these reform measures could limit the amounts that federal and state governments will pay for
health care products and services, which could result in reduced demand for any such product candidate that we may have developed or
additional pricing pressures on our business. 

Further,
there has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost
of prescription drugs and biologics. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal
and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing
and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. For example, the Trump administration
released a Blueprint to lower drug prices and reduce out-of-pocket costs of drugs that contains additional proposals to
increase drug manufacturer competition, increase the negotiating power of certain federal healthcare programs, incentivize manufacturers
to lower the list price of their products, and reduce the out-of-pocket costs of drug products paid by consumers. On January 31, 2019,
the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Office of Inspector General, proposed modifications to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute
discount safe harbor for the purpose of reducing the cost of drug products to consumers which, among other things, if finalized, will
affect discounts paid by manufacturers to Medicare Part D plans, Medicaid managed care organizations and pharmacy benefit managers working
with these organizations. While some of these and other proposed measures may require additional authorization to become effective, Congress
and government administration officials have each indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative and/or administrative measures
to control drug costs. 

27 

The
policies of the FDA or similar regulatory authorities may change, and additional government regulations may be enacted that could prevent,
limit or delay regulatory approval of our product candidates. For example, in December 2016, the 21 st Century Cures Act was
signed into law. The 21 st Century Cures Act, among other things, is intended to modernize the regulation of drugs and biologics
and spur innovation, but it has not yet been fully implemented and its ultimate implementation is unclear. Furthermore, the Trump administration
has taken several executive actions, including the issuance of a number of executive orders, that could impose significant burdens on,
or otherwise materially delay, the FDA s ability to engage in routine regulatory and oversight activities such as implementing
statutes through rulemaking, issuance of guidance and review and approval of marketing applications. If these executive actions impose
constraints on the FDA s ability to engage in oversight and implementation activities in the normal course, our business may be
negatively impacted. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies,
or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, our product candidates may lose any regulatory approval that may have been obtained
and we may not achieve or sustain profitability, which would adversely affect our business. 

If
we market our existing approved products or any of our new product candidates in a manner that violates health care fraud and abuse laws,
or if we violate government price reporting laws, we may be subject to civil or criminal penalties . 

The
FDA enforces laws and regulations, which require that the promotion of pharmaceutical products be consistent with the approved prescribing
information. While physicians may prescribe an approved product for a so-called off label use, it is unlawful for a pharmaceutical
company to promote its products in a manner that is inconsistent with its approved label and any company which engages in such conduct
can be subject to significant liability. Similarly, industry codes in the EU and other foreign jurisdictions prohibit companies from
engaging in off-label promotion and regulatory agencies in various countries enforce violations of the code with civil penalties. While
we intend to ensure that our promotional materials are consistent with our label, regulatory agencies may disagree with our assessment
and may issue untitled letters, warning letters or may institute other civil or criminal enforcement proceedings. In addition to FDA
restrictions on marketing of pharmaceutical products, several other types of state and federal health care fraud and abuse laws have
been applied in recent years to restrict certain marketing practices in the pharmaceutical industry. These laws include, among others,
the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute, U.S. False Claims Act and similar state laws. Because of the breadth of these laws and the narrowness
of their exceptions and safe harbors, it is possible that some of our business activities could be subject to challenge under one or
more of these laws. 

The U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting or receiving remuneration
to induce, or in return for, purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any health care item or service
reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed health care programs. This statute has been interpreted broadly to apply
to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, formulary managers, and others on the
other hand. Although there are several statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution,
the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that involve remuneration intended to induce prescribing, purchasing
or recommending may be subject to scrutiny if they do not qualify for an exception or safe harbor. Failure to meet all of the requirements
of a particular applicable statutory exception or regulatory safe harbor does not make the conduct per se illegal under the Federal Anti-Kickback
Statute. Instead, the legality of the arrangement will be evaluated on a case-by-case basis based on a cumulative review of all of its
facts and circumstances. Our practices may not, in all cases, meet all of the criteria for safe harbor protection from anti-kickback liability.
Moreover, recent health care reform legislation has strengthened these laws. For example, the Health Care Reform Law, among other things,
amended the intent requirement of the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute and other criminal health care fraud statutes; a person or entity no
longer needs to have actual knowledge of the statutes or specific intent to violate them in order to have committed a violation. In addition,
the Health Care Reform Law provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation
of the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the U.S. False Claims Act. Federal false claims
laws prohibit any person from knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false claim for payment to the federal government or
knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false statement to get a false claim paid. 

28 

Over the past few years, several pharmaceutical and other health care companies have been prosecuted under these laws for a variety of
alleged promotional and marketing activities, such as: allegedly providing free trips, free goods, sham consulting fees and grants and
other monetary benefits to prescribers; reporting to pricing services inflated average wholesale prices that were then used by federal
programs to set reimbursement rates; engaging in off-label promotion that caused claims to be submitted to Medicare or Medicaid for non-covered,
off-label uses; and submitting inflated best price information to the Medicaid Rebate Program to reduce liability for Medicaid rebates.
Most states also have statutes or regulations similar to the U.S. Anti-Kickback Statute and the U.S. False Claims Act, which apply to
items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. Sanctions
under these federal and state laws may include significant administrative, criminal, and civil monetary penalties, exclusion of a manufacturer s
products from reimbursement under government programs, fines and imprisonment. Due to the breadth of these federal and state anti-kickback
laws, and the potential for additional legal or regulatory change in this area, it is possible that our future business activities, including
our sales and marketing practices and/or our future relationships with physicians and the medical community might be challenged under
anti-kickback laws, which could harm us. 

We
are completely dependent on third parties to manufacture our approved products and new product candidates, and our commercialization
of our product candidates could be halted, delayed or made less profitable if those third parties fail to obtain manufacturing approval
from the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, fail to provide us with sufficient quantities of our product candidates or
fail to do so at acceptable quality levels or prices . 

We
do not currently have, nor do we plan to acquire, the capability or infrastructure to manufacture the API in our product candidates for use in our clinical trials or for commercial product, if any. In addition, we do not
have the capability to encapsulate any of our product candidates as a finished drug product for commercial distribution. As a result,
we will be obligated to rely on contract manufacturers, if and when any of our product candidates are approved for commercialization.
While we have entered into certain agreements with contract manufacturers for clinical and commercial supply, there can be no assurance
we will be able to maintain those relationships or engage additional contract manufacturers for clinical or commercial supply of any
of our product candidates on favorable terms to us, or at all. 

The
facilities used by our contract manufacturers to manufacture our product candidates must be approved by the FDA or comparable foreign
regulatory authorities pursuant to inspections that will be conducted after we submit an NDA to the FDA or their equivalents to other
relevant regulatory authorities. We will not control the manufacturing process of, and will be completely dependent on, our contract
manufacturing partners for compliance with cGMPs for manufacture of both active drug substances and finished drug products. These cGMP
regulations cover all aspects of the manufacturing, testing, quality control and record keeping relating to our product candidates. If
our contract manufacturers do not successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements
of the FDA or others, they will not be able to secure or maintain regulatory approval for their manufacturing facilities. If the FDA
or a comparable foreign regulatory authority does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidates or if it
withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact
our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidates, if approved. 

Our
contract manufacturers will be subject to ongoing periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and corresponding state and foreign agencies
for compliance with cGMPs and similar regulatory requirements. We will not have control over our contract manufacturers compliance
with these regulations and standards. Failure by any of our contract manufacturers to comply with applicable regulations could result
in sanctions being imposed on us, including fines, injunctions, civil penalties, failure to grant approval to market any of our product
candidates, delays, suspensions or withdrawals of approvals, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly
and adversely affect our business. In addition, we will not have control over the ability of our contract manufacturers to maintain adequate
quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. Failure by our contract manufacturers to comply with or maintain any of these
standards could adversely affect our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market any of our product candidates. 

29 

If,
for any reason, these third parties are unable or unwilling to perform, we may not be able to terminate our agreements with them, and
we may not be able to locate alternative manufacturers or formulators or enter into favorable agreements with them and we cannot be certain
that any such third parties will have the manufacturing capacity to meet future requirements. If these manufacturers or any alternate
manufacturer of finished drug product experiences any significant difficulties in its respective manufacturing processes for our API
or finished products or should cease doing business with us, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of any of our
product candidates or may not be able to create a supply of our product candidates at all. Were we to encounter manufacturing issues,
our ability to produce a sufficient supply of any of our product candidates might be negatively affected. Our inability to coordinate
the efforts of our third-party manufacturing partners, or the lack of capacity available at our third-party manufacturing partners, could
impair our ability to supply any of our product candidates at required levels. Because of the significant regulatory requirements that
we would need to satisfy in order to qualify a new bulk or finished product manufacturer, if we face these or other difficulties with
our current manufacturing partners, we could experience significant interruptions in the supply of any of our product candidates if we
decided to transfer the manufacture of any of our product candidates to one or more alternative manufacturers in an effort to deal with
the difficulties. 

Any
manufacturing problem or the loss of a contract manufacturer could be disruptive to our operations and result in lost sales. Additionally,
we rely on third parties to supply the raw materials needed to manufacture our potential products. Any reliance on suppliers may involve
several risks, including a potential inability to obtain critical materials and reduced control over production costs, delivery schedules,
reliability and quality. Any unanticipated disruption to a contract manufacturer caused by problems at suppliers could delay shipment
of Biorphen or any of our product candidates, increase our cost of goods sold and result in lost sales. 

We
cannot guarantee that our future manufacturing and supply partners will be able to reduce the costs of commercial-scale manufacturing
of any of our product candidates over time. If the commercial-scale manufacturing costs of any of our product candidates are higher than
expected, these costs may significantly impact our operating results. In order to reduce costs, we may need to develop and implement
process improvements. However, in order to do so, we will need, from time to time, to notify or make submissions with regulatory authorities,
and the improvements may be subject to approval by such regulatory authorities. We cannot be sure that we will receive these necessary
approvals or that these approvals will be granted in a timely fashion. We also cannot guarantee that we will be able to enhance and optimize
output in our commercial manufacturing process. If we cannot enhance and optimize output, we may not be able to reduce our costs over
time. 

We
may not be able to establish agreements with third parties with whom we wish to collaborate and, if we are able to establish them, we
may not be able to establish them on commercially reasonable terms, which could result in alterations or delays of our development and
commercialization plans . 

We
face significant competition in seeking appropriate third parties to assist us in our business operations. Whether we reach a definitive
agreement will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the third parties resources and expertise, the terms and conditions
of the proposed agreement, and the proposed parties evaluation of a number of factors. Those factors may include the design or
results of clinical trials, the likelihood of approval by the FDA or similar regulatory authorities outside the United States, the potential
market for the product candidate, the costs and complexities of manufacturing and delivering the product candidate to patients, the potential
of competing products, the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of technology, which can exist if there is a challenge
to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge and industry and market conditions generally. Potential third parties
may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and
whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for our product candidate. The terms of any arrangements that
we may establish may also not be favorable to us. 

30 

Agreements
with third parties are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent
business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future third parties to
assist us in our business operations. We may not be able to negotiate agreements on a timely basis, on acceptable terms or at all. If
we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of the product candidate, reduce or delay its development program, delay
its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake
development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization
activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we
do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop our product candidate or bring it to market and generate product
revenue. 

In
addition, any future agreements that we enter into may not be successful. The success of our arrangements will depend heavily on the
efforts and activities of our third-party collaborators. Collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts
and resources that they will apply to these collaborations. Disagreements between parties to an agreement regarding clinical development
and commercialization matters can lead to delays in the development process or commercializing the applicable product candidate and,
in some cases, termination of the agreement. These disagreements can be difficult to resolve if neither of the parties has final decision-making
authority. Collaborations with pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies and other third parties often are terminated or allowed to expire
by the other party. Any such termination or expiration would adversely affect us financially and could harm our business reputation. 

We
may need to rely on third parties to conduct clinical trials for our future product candidates. If these third parties do not successfully
carry out their contractual duties or meet expected deadlines, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or commercialize
any of our product candidates and our business would be substantially harmed . 

We
have entered into agreements with third-party CROs to conduct and manage our clinical programs including contracting with clinical sites
to perform our clinical studies. We plan to rely heavily on these parties for execution of clinical studies for our product candidates
and will control only certain aspects of their activities. Nevertheless, we will be responsible for ensuring that each of our studies
is conducted in accordance with the applicable protocol, legal, regulatory and scientific standards, and our reliance on CROs and clinical
sites will not relieve us of our regulatory responsibilities. We and our CROs will be required to comply with cGCPs, which are regulations
and guidelines enforced by the FDA and comparable foreign regulatory authorities for any products in clinical development. The FDA and
its foreign equivalents enforce these cGCP regulations through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial
sites. If we or our CROs fail to comply with applicable cGCPs, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable
and the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing
applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, the FDA or other regulatory authorities will determine that any of our clinical
trials comply with cGCPs. In addition, our clinical trials must be conducted with products produced under cGMP regulations and will require
a large number of test subjects. Our failure or the failure of our CROs or clinical sites to comply with these regulations may require
us to repeat clinical trials, which would delay the regulatory approval process and could also subject us to enforcement action up to
and including civil and criminal penalties. 

Although
we intend to design the clinical trials for our product candidates in consultation with CROs, we expect that the CROs will manage all
of the clinical trials conducted at contracted clinical sites. As a result, many important aspects of our drug development programs would
be outside of our direct control. In addition, the CROs and clinical sites may not perform all of their obligations under arrangements
with us or in compliance with regulatory requirements. If the CROs or clinical sites do not perform clinical trials in a satisfactory
manner, breach their obligations to us or fail to comply with regulatory requirements, the development and commercialization of any of
our product candidates for the subject indication may be delayed or our development program materially and irreversibly harmed. We cannot
control the amount and timing of resources these CROs and clinical sites will devote to our program or any of our product candidates.
If we are unable to rely on clinical data collected by our CROs, we could be required to repeat, extend the duration of, or increase
the size of our clinical trials, which could significantly delay commercialization and require significantly greater expenditures. 

31 

If
any of our relationships with these third-party CROs or clinical sites terminate, we may not be able to enter into arrangements with
alternative CROs or clinical sites. If CROs do not successfully carry out their contractual duties or obligations or meet expected deadlines,
if they need to be replaced or if the quality or accuracy of the clinical data they obtain is compromised due to the failure to adhere
to our clinical protocols, regulatory requirements or for other reasons, any such clinical trials may be extended, delayed or terminated,
and we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval for or successfully commercialize our product candidates. As a result, our financial
results and the commercial prospects for any of our product candidates would be harmed, our costs could increase and our ability to generate
revenue could be delayed. 

We
enter into various contracts in the normal course of our business, some or all of which may require us to indemnify the other party to
the contract. In the event we have to perform under these indemnification provisions, it could have an adverse effect on our business,
financial condition and results of operations . 

In
the normal course of business, we periodically may enter into commercial, service, collaboration, licensing, consulting and other agreements
that contain indemnification provisions. With respect to our commercial agreements, vendors typically ask for indemnification from any
third-party product liability claims that could result from the production, use or consumption of the product, as well as for alleged
infringements of any patent or other intellectual property right by a third party. Should our obligation under an indemnification provision
exceed applicable insurance coverage or if we were denied insurance coverage, our business, financial condition and results of operations
could be adversely affected. Similarly, if we are relying on a third party to indemnify us and the party is denied insurance coverage,
or the indemnification obligation exceeds the applicable insurance coverage and does not have other assets available to indemnify us,
our business, financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 

Any
termination or suspension of, or delays in the commencement or completion of, any necessary studies of any of our product candidates
for any indications could result in increased costs to us, delay or limit our ability to generate revenue and adversely affect our commercial
prospects . 

The
commencement and completion of clinical studies can be delayed for a number of reasons, including delays related to: 

the
 FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority failing to grant permission to proceed and placing the clinical study on hold; 

subjects
 for clinical testing failing to enroll or remain in our trials at the rate we expect; 

a
 facility manufacturing any of our product candidates being ordered by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities to temporarily
 or permanently shut down due to violations of cGMP requirements or other applicable requirements, or cross-contaminations of product
 candidates in the manufacturing process; 

any
 changes to our manufacturing process that may be necessary or desired; 

subjects
 choosing an alternative treatment for the indications for which we are developing our product candidates, or participating in competing
 clinical studies; 

subjects
 experiencing severe or unexpected drug-related adverse effects; 

reports
 from clinical testing on similar technologies and products raising safety and/or efficacy concerns; 

third-party
 clinical investigators losing their license or permits necessary to perform our clinical trials, not performing our clinical trials
 on our anticipated schedule or employing methods consistent with the clinical trial protocol, cGMP requirements, or other third parties
 not performing data collection and analysis in a timely or accurate manner; 

32 

inspections
 of clinical study sites by the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory authorities, or IRBs finding regulatory violations that require
 us to undertake corrective action, result in suspension or termination of one or more sites or the imposition of a clinical hold
 on the entire study, or that prohibit us from using some or all of the data in support of our marketing applications; 

third-party
 contractors becoming debarred or suspended or otherwise penalized by the FDA or other government or regulatory authorities for violations
 of regulatory requirements, in which case we may need to find a substitute contractor, and we may not be able to use some or any
 of the data produced by such contractors in support of our marketing applications; 

one
 or more IRBs refusing to approve, suspending or terminating the study at an investigational site, precluding enrollment of additional
 subjects, or withdrawing its approval of the trial; reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective CROs and clinical trial
 sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

deviations
 of the clinical sites from trial protocols or dropping out of a trial; 

adding
 new clinical trial sites; 

the
 inability of the CRO to execute any clinical trials for any reason; and 

government
 or regulatory delays or clinical holds requiring suspension or termination of a trial. 

Product
development costs for any of our product candidates will increase if we have delays in testing or approval or if we need to perform more
or larger clinical studies than planned. Additionally, changes in regulatory requirements and policies may occur and we may need to amend
study protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us to resubmit our study protocols to the FDA, comparable foreign regulatory
authorities, and IRBs for reexamination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of that study. If we experience
delays in completion of, or if we, the FDA or other regulatory authorities, the IRB, or other reviewing entities, or any of our clinical
study sites suspend or terminate any of our clinical studies of any of our product candidates, its commercial prospects may be materially
harmed and our ability to generate sufficient product revenues will be delayed. Any delays in completing our clinical trials will increase
our costs, slow down our development and approval process and jeopardize our ability to generate sufficient revenues. Any of these occurrences
may harm our business, financial condition and prospects significantly. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, termination
or suspension of, or a delay in the commencement or completion of, clinical studies may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory
approval of our product candidates. In addition, if one or more clinical studies are delayed, our competitors may be able to bring products
to market before we do, and the commercial viability of any of our product candidates could be significantly reduced. 

Clinical
drug development involves a lengthy and expensive process with an uncertain outcome, and results of earlier studies and trials may not
be predictive of future trial results . 

Clinical
testing of drug product candidates is expensive and can take many years to complete, and its outcome is inherently uncertain. Failure
can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of pre-clinical studies and early clinical trials may not be predictive
of the results of later-stage clinical trials. We cannot assure you that the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities will view
the results as we do or that any future trials of any of our product candidates will achieve positive results. Product candidates in
later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through pre-clinical
studies and initial clinical trials. A number of companies in the biopharmaceutical industry have suffered significant setbacks in advanced
clinical trials due to lack of efficacy or adverse safety profiles, notwithstanding promising results in earlier trials. Any future clinical
trial results for our product candidates may not be successful. 

33 

In
addition, a number of factors could contribute to a lack of favorable safety and efficacy results for any of our product candidates.
For example, such trials could result in increased variability due to varying site characteristics, such as local standards of care,
differences in evaluation period and surgical technique, and due to varying patient characteristics including demographic factors and
health status. 

We
may need to conduct clinical trials for our new product candidates and we may be delayed in commercializing or fail to find success in
these trials. Further, the results of any clinical trial may not be predictive of future trial results. Positive results in preclinical
testing and early clinical trials do not ensure that later clinical trials will be successful. A number of pharmaceutical companies have
suffered significant setbacks in clinical trials, including in Phase 3, after promising results in preclinical testing and early clinical
trials. These setbacks have included negative safety and efficacy observations in later clinical trials, including previously unreported
adverse events. 

Phase
3 clinical trials often produce unsatisfactory results even though prior clinical trials were successful. Moreover, the results of clinical
trials may be unsatisfactory to the FDA or foreign regulatory authorities even if we believe those clinical trials to be successful.
The FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agencies may suspend one or all of our clinical trials or require that we conduct additional
clinical, nonclinical, manufacturing, validation or drug product quality studies and submit that data before considering or reconsidering
any NDA or similar foreign regulatory application we may submit. Depending on the extent of these additional studies, approval of any
applications that we submit may be significantly delayed or may require us to expend more resources than we have available. It is also
possible that additional studies we conduct may not be considered sufficient by the FDA or applicable foreign regulatory agencies to
provide regulatory approval. 

If
any of these outcomes occur, we may not receive approval for our product candidate. 

We
are subject to extensive laws and regulations related to data privacy, and our failure to comply with these laws and regulations could
harm our business. 

We
are subject to data privacy and security laws and regulations by both the federal government and the states in which we conduct our business.
HIPAA and their respective implementing regulations,
including the Final Omnibus Rule published on January 25, 2013, govern our processing of personal data, including the collection, access,
use, analysis, modification, storage, transfer, security breach notification, destruction and disposal of personal data. There are foreign
and state law versions of these laws and regulations to which we are currently and/or may in the future, be subject. For example, the
collection and use of personal health data in the European Union is governed by the GDPR. The GDPR, which is wide-ranging in scope, imposes
several requirements relating to the consent of the individuals to whom the personal data relates, the information provided to the individuals,
the security and confidentiality of the personal data, data breach notification and the use of third-party processors in connection with
the processing of personal data. The GDPR also imposes strict rules on the transfer of personal data out of the European Union to the
United States, provides an enforcement authority and imposes large monetary penalties for noncompliance. The GDPR requirements apply
not only to third-party transactions, but also to transfers of information within our company, including employee information. 

In
the United States, there are numerous privacy laws that may be applicable to our activities, and a range of enforcement agencies at both
the state and federal levels that can review companies for privacy and data security concerns based on general consumer protection laws.
New laws also are being considered or have been implemented at both the state and federal levels. For example, the California Consumer
Privacy Act of 2018 (effective on January 1, 2020), as amended by the California Privacy Rights and Enforcement Act of 2020 (effective
on January 1, 2023) CCPA ), requires companies that process information of California residents consumers, 
as defined under the CCPA) to make specific disclosures about their data collection, use and disclosure practices, provides consumers
with individual data privacy rights, including enabling consumers to limit the use of their sensitive personal information, imposes new
operational requirements for covered businesses, imposes data retention limitations, provides a private right of action for data breaches,
creates a statutory damages framework and creates a new state agency, the California Privacy Protection Agency, that is vested with the
authority to implement and enforce the CCPA. Although there are limited exemptions for clinical trial data under the CCPA, the CCPA and
other similar laws could impact our business activities in the future depending on our revenue growth, how much consumer data we process,
and how such laws are interpreted. Additionally, four additional states have enacted privacy laws, which could increase our potential
liability and adversely affect our business in the future. In particular, the Virginia Consumer Data Protection Act VCDPA became effective on January 1, 2023; the Colorado Privacy Act CPA and the Connecticut Data Privacy Act CTDPA will become effective on July 1, 2023; and the Utah Consumer Privacy Act UCPA will become effective on December 31, 2023.
While these regulations incorporate many similar concepts to the CCPA, there are also several key differences in their scope, application,
and enforcement that will, among other things, impact how regulated businesses collect and process personal sensitive data, conduct data
protection assessments, transfer personal data to affiliates, and respond to consumer rights requests. Other states are considering similar
legislation and a broad range of legislative measures also have been introduced at the federal level. Such proposed legislation, if enacted,
may add additional complexity, variation in requirements, restrictions and potential legal risk, require additional investment of resources
in compliance programs, impact strategies and the availability of previously useful data and could result in increased compliance costs
and/or changes in business practices and policies. The existence of comprehensive privacy laws in different states in the country makes
our compliance obligations more complex and costly and may increase the likelihood that we may be subject to enforcement actions or otherwise
incur liability for noncompliance. 

34 

Further,
regulations promulgated pursuant to HIPAA imposes privacy, security and breach notification obligations on certain healthcare
providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses, known as covered entities, as well as their business associates that perform
certain services that involve creating, receiving, maintaining or transmitting individually identifiable health information for or on
behalf of such covered entities, and their covered subcontractors. HIPAA establishes privacy and security standards that limit the use
and disclosure of individually identifiable health information and protected health information, or PHI, and requires the implementation
of administrative, physical, and technological safeguards to protect the privacy of PHI and ensure the confidentiality, integrity, and
availability of electronic PHI. Most healthcare providers, including research institutions from which we obtain patient health information,
are subject to privacy and security regulations promulgated under HIPAA. We do not believe that we are currently acting as a covered entity or business associate under HIPAA and thus
are not directly subject to its requirements or penalties. However, any person may be prosecuted under HIPAA s criminal provisions
either directly or under aiding-and-abetting or conspiracy principles. Consequently, depending on the facts and circumstances, we could
face substantial criminal penalties if we knowingly receive individually identifiable health information from a HIPAA-covered healthcare
provider or research institution that has not satisfied HIPAA s requirements for disclosure of individually identifiable health
information. 

The
global legislative and regulatory landscape for privacy and data protection continues to evolve, and implementation standards and enforcement
practices are likely to remain uncertain for the foreseeable future. This evolution may create uncertainty in our business, result in
liability or impose additional costs on us. The cost of compliance with these laws, regulations and standards is high and is likely to
continue to increase in the future. 

It
is possible that privacy laws may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent with our practices. Any failure or perceived
failure by us to comply with federal, state, or foreign laws or self-regulatory standards could result in negative publicity, diversion
of management time and effort and proceedings against us by governmental entities or others. In many jurisdictions, enforcement actions
and consequences for noncompliance are rising. As we continue to expand into other foreign countries and jurisdictions, we may be subject
to additional laws and regulations that may affect how we conduct business. 

In
addition to the risks associated with enforcement activities and potential contractual liabilities, our ongoing efforts to comply with
evolving laws and regulations at the federal and state level may be costly and require ongoing modifications to our policies, procedures
and systems. Further, any failure by our third-party collaborators, service providers, contractors or consultants to comply with applicable
law, regulations or contractual obligations related to data privacy or security could result in proceedings against us by governmental
entities or others. 

We may also publish
privacy policies and other documentation regarding our collection, processing, use and disclosure of personal information and/or other
confidential information. Although we endeavor to comply with applicable regulations, our published policies and other documentation,
we may at times fail to do so or may be perceived to have failed to do so. Despite our efforts, we may not be successful in achieving
compliance if our employees or vendors fail to comply with our published policies and documentation. Such failures can subject us to
potential international, local, state and federal action if they are found to be deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our actual
practices. Claims that we have violated individuals privacy rights or failed to comply with data protection laws or applicable
privacy notices, even if we are not found liable, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could result in adverse publicity
that could harm our business. We also face a threat of consumer class actions related to these laws and the overall protection of personal
information. Even if we are not determined to have violated these laws, government investigations into these issues typically require
the expenditure of significant resources and generate negative publicity, which could harm our reputation and our business, financial
condition, results of operations or prospects. 

35 

Risks
Relating to Our Intellectual Property Rights 

We
will depend on rights to certain pharmaceutical compounds that have been acquired by us. We do not have complete control over these pharmaceutical
compounds and any loss of our rights to them could prevent us from selling our products . 

We
are dependent on the assignment and licensing from third parties for certain of our pharmaceutical compounds and potential product candidates.
Our rights to use the pharmaceutical compounds we were assigned are subject to the negotiation of, continuation of and compliance with
the terms of those assignments and licenses. Moreover, under these agreements, any related patents may remain under the control of the
assignor or licensor. Our rights to develop and commercialize the product candidates are subject to the validity of the intellectual
property rights. Enforcement of any assigned or licensed patents or defense or any claims asserting the invalidity of these patents is
often subject to the control or cooperation of the assignor or licensor. Legal action could be initiated against the original owners
of the intellectual property that we acquired and an adverse outcome in such legal action could harm our business because it might prevent
such companies or institutions from continuing to assign intellectual property that we may need to operate our business. 

In
addition, our rights to practice the inventions claimed in any patents and patent applications are subject to our assignors and licensors
abiding by the terms of those agreements and not terminating them. These agreements may be terminated by the assignor or licensor if
we are in material breach of certain terms or conditions of the agreement or in certain other circumstances. Our rights under these agreements
are subject to our continued compliance with the terms of the agreements, including the payment of royalties and other payment due under
the agreements. Termination of these agreements could prevent us from marketing some or all of our products. Because of the complexity
of our products and the patents, determining the scope of the assignment or license and related royalty obligations can be difficult
and can lead to disputes between us and the assignor or licensor. An unfavorable resolution of such a dispute could lead to an increase
in the royalties payable pursuant to the agreement. If the assignor or licensor believed we were not paying the royalties due under the
agreement or were otherwise not in compliance with the terms of the agreement, the assignor or licensor might attempt to revoke the agreement.
If such an attempt were successful, we might be barred from producing and selling some or all of our products. 

It
may be difficult and costly to protect our intellectual property rights, and we cannot ensure the protection of these rights . 

Our
commercial success will depend, in part, on obtaining and maintaining patent protection for our technologies, products and processes,
successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges and successfully enforcing these patents against third-party competitors.
The patent positions of pharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions
for which important legal principles remain unresolved. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws may diminish
the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be allowable or enforceable in
our patents. Patent and patent applications relating to our product candidates and related technologies may be challenged, invalidated
or circumvented by third parties and might not protect us against competitors with similar products or technologies. 

The
degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain, because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately
protect our rights, permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage, or provide us with any competitive advantage at all. For example,
others have filed, and in the future are likely to file, patent applications covering products and technologies that are similar, identical
or competitive to any of our product candidates, or important to our business. We cannot be certain that any patent application owned
by a third party will not have priority over patent applications filed by us, or that we will not be involved in interference, opposition
or invalidity proceedings before U.S. or foreign patent offices. 

36 

Additionally,
if we or one of our licensing partners initiated legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering any product candidate,
the defendant could counterclaim that the patent covering any other product candidate is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation
in the United States, defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge
include alleged failures to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness or non-enablement. Grounds
for unenforceability assertions include allegations that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information
from the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ), or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. Third parties
may also raise similar claims before administrative bodies in the United States or abroad, even outside the context of litigation. Such
mechanisms include re-examination, post grant review and equivalent proceedings in foreign jurisdictions, e.g., opposition proceedings.
Such proceedings could result in revocation or amendment of our patents or our licensors patents in such a way that they no longer
cover product candidates or competitive products. The outcome following legal assertions of invalidity and unenforceability is unpredictable.
With respect to validity, for example, we cannot be certain that there is no invalidating prior art, of which we and the patent examiner
were unaware during prosecution. If a defendant were to prevail on a legal assertion of invalidity and/or unenforceability, we would
lose at least part, and perhaps all, of the patent protection on any product candidate. Such a loss of patent protection would have a
material adverse impact on our business. 

In
the future, we may rely on know-how and trade secrets to protect technology, especially in cases when we believe patent protection is
not appropriate or obtainable. However, know-how and trade secrets are difficult to protect. While we intend to require employees, academic
collaborators, consultants and other contractors to enter into confidentiality agreements, we may not be able to adequately protect our
trade secrets or other proprietary or licensed information. Typically, research collaborators and scientific advisors have rights to
publish data and information in which we may have rights. If we cannot maintain the confidentiality of our proprietary technology and
other confidential information, our ability to receive patent protection and our ability to protect valuable information owned by us
may be imperiled. Enforcing a claim that a third-party entity illegally obtained and is using any of our trade secrets is expensive and
time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. In addition, courts are sometimes less willing to protect trade secrets than patents.
Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how. 

We
may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world . 

Filing,
prosecuting and defending patents on product candidates in all countries and jurisdictions throughout the world would be prohibitively
expensive, and our intellectual property rights in some countries outside the United States could be less extensive than those offered
in the United States. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside
the United States, or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the United States or other jurisdictions. 

Competitors
may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we do not have, or where we do not pursue and obtain, patent protection to develop their
own products and further, may export otherwise infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is
not as strong as that in the United States. These products may compete with our product and our patents or other intellectual property
rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. Even if we pursue and obtain issued patents in particular jurisdictions,
our patent claims or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent third parties from so competing. 

Further,
the laws of some foreign countries do not protect intellectual property rights to the same extent as the laws of the United States. Many
companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in certain foreign jurisdictions.
The legal systems of some countries, particularly developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents and other intellectual
property protection, especially those relating to biotechnology. This could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our
patents, if obtained, or the misappropriation of our other intellectual property rights. For example, many foreign countries have compulsory
licensing laws under which a patent owner must grant licenses to third parties. In addition, many countries limit the enforceability
of patents against third parties, including government agencies or government contractors. In these countries, patents may provide limited
or no benefit. Patent protection must ultimately be sought on a country-by-country basis, which is an expensive and time-consuming process
with uncertain outcomes. Accordingly, we may choose not to seek patent protection in certain countries, and we will not have the benefit
of patent protection in such countries. 

37 

Moreover,
proceedings to enforce our patent rights, or those of our licensors or partners, in foreign jurisdictions could result in substantial
costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our in-licensed patents, or any patents that
we may own in the future, at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly, could put our owned or in-licensed patent applications
at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits that we initiate,
and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual
property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property that we
develop or license. 

If
we fail to obtain or maintain patent protection or trade secret protection for our product candidates or our technologies, third parties
could use our proprietary information, which could impair our ability to compete in the market and adversely affect our ability to generate
revenues and attain profitability. 

We
may also rely on the trademarks we may develop to distinguish our products from the products of our competitors. We cannot guarantee
that any trademark applications filed by us or our business partners will be approved. Third parties may also oppose such trademark applications,
or otherwise challenge our use of the trademarks. In the event that the trademarks we use are successfully challenged, we could be forced
to rebrand our products, which could result in loss of brand recognition, and could require us to devote resources to advertising and
marketing new brands. Further, we cannot provide assurance that competitors will not infringe the trademarks we use, or that we will
have adequate resources to enforce these trademarks. 

Changes
in either U.S. or foreign patent law or interpretation of such laws could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing
our ability to protect our products . 

As
is the case with other biotechnology companies, our success is heavily dependent on intellectual property, particularly patents. Obtaining
and enforcing patents in the biotechnology industry involve both technological and legal complexity, and it therefore is costly, time-consuming
and inherently uncertain. In addition, on September 16, 2011, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act AIA ), was signed into
law. The AIA includes a number of significant changes to U.S. patent law, including provisions that affect the way patent applications
will be prosecuted and may also affect patent litigation. 

An
important change introduced by the AIA is that, as of March 16, 2013, the United States transitioned to a first-to-file 
system for deciding which party should be granted a patent when two or more patent applications are filed by different parties claiming
the same invention. A third party that files a patent application in the U.S. PTO after that date but before us could therefore be awarded
a patent covering an invention of ours even if we had made the invention before it was made by the third party. This will require us
to be cognizant going forward of the time from invention to filing of a patent application. 

Among
some of the other changes introduced by the AIA are changes that limit where a patentee may file a patent infringement suit and providing
opportunities for third parties to challenge any issued patent in the USPTO. This applies to all of our U.S. patents, even those issued
before March 16, 2013. Because of a lower evidentiary standard necessary to invalidate a patent claim in the USPTO proceedings compared
to the evidentiary standard in U.S. federal court, a third party could potentially provide evidence in a USPTO proceeding sufficient
for the USPTO to hold a claim invalid even though the same evidence would be insufficient to invalidate the claim if first presented
in a district court action. Accordingly, a third party may attempt to use the USPTO procedures to invalidate our patent claims that
would not have been invalidated if first challenged by the third party as a defendant in a district court action. 

Depending
on decisions by the U.S. Congress, the federal courts, the USPTO, or similar authorities in foreign jurisdictions, the laws and regulations
governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that would weaken our ability to obtain new patents or to enforce our existing in-licensed
patents and patents that we might obtain in the future. 

38 

Our
product candidates may infringe the intellectual property rights of others, which could increase our costs and delay or prevent our development
and commercialization efforts . 

Our
success depends in part on avoiding infringement of the proprietary technologies of others. The pharmaceutical industry has been characterized
by frequent litigation regarding patent and other intellectual property rights. Identification of third-party patent rights that may
be relevant to our proprietary technology is difficult because patent searching is imperfect due to differences in terminology among
patents, incomplete databases and the difficulty in assessing the meaning of patent claims. Additionally, because patent applications
are maintained in secrecy until the application is published, we may be unaware of third-party patents that may be infringed by commercialization
of any of our product candidates or any future product candidate. There may be certain issued patents and patent applications claiming
subject matter that we may be required to license in order to research, develop or commercialize any of our product candidates, and we
do not know if such patents and patent applications would be available to license on commercially reasonable terms, or at all. Any claims
of patent infringement asserted by third parties would be time-consuming and may: 

result
 in costly litigation; 

divert
 the time and attention of our technical personnel and management; 

prevent
 us from commercializing a product until the asserted patent expires or is held finally invalid or not infringed in a court of law; 

require
 us to cease or modify our use of the technology and/or develop non-infringing technology; or 

require
 us to enter into royalty or licensing agreements. 

Third
parties may hold proprietary rights that could prevent any of our product candidates from being marketed. Any patent-related legal action
against us claiming damages and seeking to enjoin commercial activities relating to any of our product candidates or our processes could
subject us to potential liability for damages and require us to obtain a license to continue to manufacture or market any of our product
candidates or any future product candidates. We cannot predict whether we would prevail in any such actions or that any license required
under any of these patents would be made available on commercially acceptable terms, if at all. In addition, we cannot be sure that we
could redesign our product candidates or any future product candidates or processes to avoid infringement, if necessary. Accordingly,
an adverse determination in a judicial or administrative proceeding, or the failure to obtain necessary licenses, could prevent us from
developing and commercializing any of our product candidates or a future product candidate, which could harm our business, financial
condition and operating results. 

We
expect that there are other companies, including major pharmaceutical companies, working in the areas competitive to our proposed product
candidates which either has resulted, or may result, in the filing of patent applications that may be deemed related to our activities.
If we were to challenge the validity of these or any issued U.S. patent in court, we would need to overcome a statutory presumption of
validity that attaches to every issued U.S. patent. This means that, in order to prevail, we would have to present clear and convincing
evidence as to the invalidity of the patent s claims. If we were to challenge the validity of these or any issued U.S. patent in
an administrative trial before the Patent Trial and Appeal Board in the USPTO, we would have to prove that the claims are unpatentable
by a preponderance of the evidence. There is no assurance that a jury and/or court would find in our favor on questions of infringement,
validity or enforceability. 

39 

Others
may claim an ownership interest in our intellectual property, which could expose us to litigation and have an adverse effect on our prospects . 

A
third party may claim an ownership interest in one or more of our or our licensors patents or other proprietary or intellectual
property rights. A third party could bring legal actions against us and seek monetary damages and/or enjoin clinical testing, manufacturing
and marketing of the affected product or products. We cannot guarantee that a third party will not assert a claim or an interest in any
of such patents or intellectual property. If we become involved in any litigation, it could consume a substantial portion of our resources,
and cause a significant diversion of effort by our technical and management personnel. If any of these actions are successful, in addition
to any potential liability for damages, we could be required to obtain a license to continue to manufacture or market the affected product,
in which case we may be required to pay substantial royalties or grant cross-licenses to our patents. We cannot, however, assure you
that any such license will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. Ultimately, we could be prevented from commercializing a product
candidate, or be forced to cease some aspect of our business operations as a result of claims of patent infringement or violation of
other intellectual property rights. Further, the outcome of intellectual property litigation is subject to uncertainties that cannot
be adequately quantified in advance, including the demeanor and credibility of witnesses and the identity of any adverse party. This
is especially true in intellectual property cases that may turn on the testimony of experts as to technical facts upon which experts
may reasonably disagree. 

We
may be subject to claims that we have wrongfully hired an employee from a competitor or that we or our employees have wrongfully used
or disclosed alleged confidential information or trade secrets of their former employers . 

As
is commonplace in our industry, we will employ individuals who were previously employed at other pharmaceutical companies, including
our competitors or potential competitors. Although no claims against us are currently pending, we may be subject in the future to claims
that our employees or prospective employees are subject to a continuing obligation to their former employers (such as non-competition
or non-solicitation obligations) or claims that our employees or we have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed trade secrets or
other proprietary information of their former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful
in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and be a distraction to management. 

Risks
Related to Owning Our Common Stock 

An
active, liquid and orderly trading market for our shares may not continue to be developed or sustained . 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market. However, trading volume has been limited and a more active public market for our
common stock may not develop or be sustained over time. The market price of our common stock could be subject to significant fluctuations.
The price of our stock may change in response to variations in our operating results and also may change in response to other factors,
including factors specific to companies in our industry many of which are beyond our control. Our shares may be less liquid than the
shares of other public companies and there may be imbalances between supply and demand for our shares. As a result, our share price may
experience significant volatility and may not necessarily reflect the value of our expected performance. Moreover, sales of our common
stock in the public market, or the perception that such sales could occur, could negatively impact the price of our common stock. As
a result, you may not be able to sell your shares of our common stock in short time periods, or possibly at all, and the price per share
of our common stock may fluctuate significantly. 

40 

Future
capital raises may dilute our existing stockholders ownership, could depress the market price for our common stock and have other
adverse effects on our operations . 

We
have an effective Form S-3 registration statement Shelf Registration on file with the SEC which allows us to sell any
combination of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, warrants to purchase any of these securities, subscription rights to purchase
any of these securities, and/or units consisting of one or more of the foregoing in one or more offerings up to a total dollar amount
of 100 million (including the 22.5 million raised in our October 2020 offering of common stock). The issuance of additional shares
of our common stock pursuant to the Shelf Registration, or issuances of securities convertible into or exercisable for our common stock
or other equity-linked securities, including preferred stock, warrants, debt securities or units, would dilute the ownership interest
of our common shareholders and could depress the market price of our common stock and impair our ability to raise capital through the
sale of additional equity securities. If we raise additional funds by issuing debt securities, these debt securities would have rights
senior to those of our common stock and the terms of the debt securities issued could impose significant restrictions on our operations,
including liens on our assets. If we raise additional funds through collaborations and licensing arrangements, we may be required to
relinquish some rights to our technologies or candidate products, or to grant licenses on terms that are not favorable to us. 

The
trading price of the shares of our common stock may continue to be volatile, and purchasers of our common stock could incur substantial
losses. 

The
trading price of our common stock has fluctuated significantly in the past and is likely to be volatile. The stock market in general,
and early stage public companies in particular, has experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated
or disproportionate to the operating performance of such companies. The stock market in general has been, and the market price of our
shares in particular will likely be, subject to fluctuation, whether due to, or irrespective of, our operating results and financial
condition. The market price of our shares on the Nasdaq Global Market may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, some of which
are beyond our control, including, but not limited to: 

actual
 or anticipated variations in our and our competitors results of operations and financial condition; 

market
 acceptance of our products; 

the
 mix of products that we sell and related services that we provide; 

changes
 in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if our shares are covered by analysts; 

not
 being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley
 Act 

changes
 in earnings estimates or recommendations by securities analysts, if our shares are covered by analysts; 

development
 of technological innovations or new competitive products by others; 

announcements
 of technological innovations or new products by us; 

publication
 of the results of preclinical or clinical trials for our other product candidates; 

failure
 by us to achieve a publicly announced milestone; 

41 

delays
 between our expenditures to develop and market new or enhanced products and the generation of sales from those products; 

developments
 concerning intellectual property rights, including our involvement in litigation brought by or against us; 

regulatory
 developments and the decisions of regulatory authorities as to the approval or rejection of new or modified products; 

changes
 in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

changes
 in the amounts that we spend to develop, acquire or license new products, technologies or businesses; 

changes
 in our expenditures to promote our products; 

our
 sale or proposed sale, or the sale by our significant stockholders, of our shares or other securities in the future; 

changes
 in key personnel; 

success
 or failure of our research and development projects or those of our competitors; 

the
 trading volume of our shares; and 

general
 economic and market conditions and other factors, including factors unrelated to our operating performance. 

These
factors and any corresponding price fluctuations may materially and adversely affect the market price of our shares and result in substantial
losses being incurred by our investors. In the past, following periods of market volatility, public company stockholders have often instituted
securities class action litigation. If we were involved in securities litigation, it could impose a substantial cost upon us and divert
the resources and attention of our management from our business. 

We
are an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act of 2012 and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements
applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors . 

We
are an emerging growth company, as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 JOBS Act ),
and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that
are not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to: 

not
 being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act 

reduced
 disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy
 statements; 

exemptions
 from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
 stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments; and 

extended
 transition periods available for complying with new or revised accounting standards. 

42 

We
have chosen to opt out of the extended transition periods available for complying with new or revised accounting standards,
but we intend to take advantage of all of the other benefits available under the JOBS Act, including the exemptions discussed above.
We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors
find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price
may be more volatile. 

We
will remain an emerging growth company for up to five years from the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary
of the date of the first sale of our common stock pursuant to an effective registration statement filed under the Securities Act, which
will be December 31, 2023. We will lose that status sooner, however, if our revenues exceed 1.07 billion, if we issue more than 1 billion
in non-convertible debt in a three-year period or if the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700
million as of any June 30. 

If
we fail to maintain an effective system of internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial
results or prevent fraud. As a result, stockholders could lose confidence in our financial and other public reporting, which would harm
our business and the trading price of our common shares . 

Effective
internal controls over financial reporting are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and, together with adequate disclosure
controls and procedures, are designed to prevent fraud. Any failure to implement required new or improved controls, or difficulties encountered
in their implementation could cause us to fail to meet our reporting obligations. In addition, any testing by us conducted in connection
with Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, or the subsequent testing by our independent registered public accounting firm when required,
may reveal deficiencies in our internal controls over financial reporting that are deemed to be material weaknesses or that may require
prospective or retrospective changes to our consolidated financial statements or identify other areas for further attention or improvement.
Inferior internal controls could also cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could have a negative
effect on the trading price of our common shares. There is also a risk that neither we nor our independent registered public accounting
firm (when applicable in the future) will be able to conclude within the prescribed timeframe that internal controls over financial reporting
is effective as required by Section 404. This could result in an adverse reaction in the financial markets due to a loss of confidence
in the reliability of our financial statements. 

Our
status as an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act may make it more difficult to raise capital as and when we need
it . 

Because
of the exemptions from various reporting requirements provided to us as an emerging growth company, we may be less attractive
to investors and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital as and when we need it. Investors may be unable to compare our
business with other companies in our industry if they believe that our reporting is not as transparent as other companies in our industry.
If we are unable to raise additional capital as and when we need it, our financial condition and results of operations may be materially
and adversely affected. 

We
have not paid dividends in the past and have no immediate plans to pay dividends, so any returns will be limited to the value of our
stock. 

We
plan to reinvest all of our earnings, to the extent we have earnings, to cover operating costs and otherwise become and remain competitive.
We do not plan to pay any cash dividends with respect to our securities in the foreseeable future. We cannot assure you that we would,
at any time, generate sufficient surplus cash that would be available for distribution to the holders of our common stock as a dividend.
Therefore, you should not expect to receive cash dividends on our common stock, and any return to stockholders will therefore be limited
to the appreciation of their stock. 

43 

If
equity research analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they issue unfavorable commentary or downgrade our
shares, the price of our shares could decline . 

The
trading market for our shares will rely in part on the research and reports that equity research analysts publish about us and our business,
if at all. We do not have control over these analysts, and we do not have commitments from them to write research reports about us. The
price of our shares could decline if no research reports are published about us or our business, or if one or more equity research analysts
downgrades our shares or if those analysts issue other unfavorable commentary or cease publishing reports about us or our business. 

Our
ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited. 

Our
federal net operating losses NOLs generated in taxable years ending prior to 2018 could expire unused. Under the Tax
Act, federal NOLs incurred in taxable years ending after December 31, 2017, may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility
of federal NOLs generated in tax years beginning before December 31, 2017, is limited. We filed in GA, IL, MN and TN for 2021. Only GA
conforms to the Tax Act. IL and TN do not conform (their NOL will expire if not used and there is no limit deduction on their NOL). MN
does conform with the 80 of taxable income limitation section of the Tax Act but not the indefinite carryforward section. MN NOL will
expire if not used. In addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions
of state law, if a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than 50 change (by
value) in its equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards, or
NOLs, and other pre-change tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income may be limited. We are performing
a study to determine if we have triggered any ownership change limitations. We may also experience ownership changes in
the future as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership some of which may be outside of our control. As a result, if we earn
net taxable income, our ability to use our pre-ownership change NOL carryforwards to offset U.S. federal taxable income may be subject
to limitations, which could potentially result in increased future tax liability to us. In addition, at the state level, there may be
periods during which the use of NOLs is suspended or otherwise limited, which could accelerate or permanently increase state taxes owed. 

Assuming
a market for our common stock continues to develop, sales of a substantial number of shares of our common stock in the public market
by our existing stockholders could cause our stock price to fall. 

Sales
of a substantial number of shares of our common stock by our existing stockholders in the public market or the perception that these
sales might occur, could depress the market price of our common stock and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale
of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of our common
stock. 

As
of March 7, 2023, we had 25,458,057 shares of common stock outstanding, all of which, other than shares held by our directors and certain
officers, are eligible for sale in the public market, subject in some cases to compliance with the requirements of Rule 144, including
volume limitations and manner of sale requirements. 

Certain
holders of our securities are entitled to rights with respect to the registration of their shares under the Securities Act of 1933, as
amended (the Securities Act ). Registration of these shares under the Securities Act would result in the shares becoming
freely tradable without restriction under the Securities Act. Any sales of securities by these stockholders could have a material adverse
effect on the trading price of our common stock. 

We
may be at an increased risk of securities class action litigation . 

Historically,
securities class action litigation has often been brought against a company following a decline in the market price of its securities.
This risk is especially relevant for us because biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies have experienced significant stock price volatility
in recent years. If we were to be sued, it could result in substantial costs and a diversion of management s attention and resources,
which could harm our business. 

44 

Our
charter documents and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover that stockholders consider favorable . 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws and applicable provisions of Delaware law may
delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control or change in our management, including transactions
in which stockholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares, or transactions that our stockholders might otherwise deem
to be in their best interests. The provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and amended and restated bylaws: 

authorize
 our board of directors to issue, without further action by the stockholders, shares of undesignated preferred stock with terms, rights
 and preferences determined by our board of directors that may be senior to our common stock; 

establish
 an advance notice procedure for stockholder proposals to be brought before an annual meeting, including proposed nominations of persons
 for election to our board of directors; 

establish
 that our board of directors is divided into three classes, with each class serving three-year staggered terms; 

require
 the approval of our board of directors or the holders of at least seventy-five percent (75 of our outstanding shares of capital
 stock to amend our bylaws and certain provisions of our certificate of incorporation; 

limit
 who may call stockholder meetings; 

do
 not provide for cumulative voting rights; and 

provide
 that all vacancies may be filled by the affirmative vote of a majority of directors then in office, even if less than a quorum. 

In
addition, Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law may limit our ability to engage in any business combination with a person
who beneficially owns 15 or more of our outstanding voting stock unless certain conditions are satisfied. This restriction lasts for
a period of three years following the share acquisition. These provisions may have the effect of entrenching our management team and
may deprive our stockholders of the opportunity to sell their shares to potential acquirers at a premium over prevailing prices. This
potential inability to obtain a control premium could reduce the price of our common stock. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive
forum for certain litigation that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a
favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or stockholders . 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provide that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware will, to the fullest
extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for: 

any
 derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf; 

any
 action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed to us or our stockholders by any of our directors, officers or other
 employees; 

any
 action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees arising pursuant to any provision of Delaware
 law or our charter documents; or 

45 

any
 action asserting a claim against us or any of our directors, officers or other employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine,
 but excluding actions to enforce a duty or liability created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal courts
 have exclusive jurisdiction. 

In
addition, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Federal district courts of the United States shall
be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. However, a court
may determine that this provision is unenforceable. 

Ownership
portions held by our executives and directors, as well as by our former parent company, Harrow Health, Inc., may limit our stockholders 
ability to influence corporate matters . 

Our
directors and executive officers beneficially own approximately 5.0 of our common stock. Additionally, Harrow Health, Inc. Harrow ),
our former parent company, holds approximately 7.8 of our outstanding common stock as of March 7, 2023. Accordingly, these parties,
together, can significantly influence, though not independently determine, the outcome of matters required to be submitted to our stockholders
for approval, including decisions relating to the election of our board of directors and the outcome of any proposed merger or consolidation
of our company. These interests may not be consistent with those of our other stockholders. In addition, the significant interest held
by these parties, and particularly by Harrow, may discourage third parties from seeking to acquire control of us, which may adversely
affect the market price of our shares. 

As
stockholders in our company, you will be deemed to have notice of and have consented to the provisions of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation related to choice of forum, but will not be deemed to have waived our compliance with the federal securities laws and
the rules and regulations thereunder. The choice of forum provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may limit
our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or any of our directors, officers or other
employees, which may discourage lawsuits with respect to such claims. Alternatively, if a court were to find the choice of forum provision
contained in our restated charter to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving
such action in other jurisdictions, which could harm our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Item
1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 

None. 

Item
2. Properties 

We
conduct all of our administrative activities for Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. at our 5,507 square foot leased office space located at 21925
W. Field Parkway, Suite 235, Deer Park, Illinois 60010. The lease for this facility expires on March 31, 2025. 

We
consider our current facilities suitable and adequate to meet our current needs. 

Item
3. Legal Proceedings 

None. 

Item
4. Mine Safety Disclosures 

Not
applicable. 

46 

PART
II 

Item
5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is listed on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol ETON. The closing price of our common stock on the
Nasdaq Global Market on December 30, 2022, the last trading date in 2022, was 2.82 per share. 

Record
Holders 

As
of March 7, 2023, we had 8 holders of record of our common stock. The actual number of stockholders is greater than this number of record
holders and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This
number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. The closing price
per share of our common stock on March 7, 2023 was 3.99. 

Dividends 

We
have never declared or paid a cash dividend on our common stock. We currently intend to retain any future earnings and do not expect
to pay any dividends in the foreseeable future. Any future determinations to pay cash dividends will be made at the discretion of our
board of directors, subject to applicable laws, and will depend on a number of factors, including our financial condition, results of
operations, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, general business conditions, and any other factors that our board of directors
may deem relevant. 

Recent
Sales of Unregistered Securities 

Not
applicable. 

Item
6. Selected Financial Data 

Not
applicable. 

Item
7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 

You
should read the following discussion and analysis together with our financial statements and the related notes thereto included in Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The following discussion contains forward-looking
statements that involve risks and uncertainties. For a complete discussion of forward-looking statements, see the section above entitled
 Forward Looking Statements. Our actual results could differ materially from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking
statements as a result of various factors, including those set forth under the caption Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

Overview 

We
are an innovative pharmaceutical company focused on developing, acquiring, and commercializing innovative products to address unmet needs
in patients suffering from rare diseases. Since the formation of our company in 2017, we have used our expertise in business development,
regulatory, and product development to assemble a diversified portfolio of rare disease products. 

47 

Results
of Operations 

To
date, we have realized revenues from the sale of our neurology products portfolio to Azurity in 2021, a licensing arrangement on our
EM-100 product that was sold to Bausch Health, the launch of our Biorphen , ALKINDI SPRINKLE , and Carglumic Acid products in
December 2019, December 2020, and December 2021, respectively, and also from the sale of our hospital products portfolio to Dr. Reddy s in 2022. We anticipate successfully growing sales of our commercialized products and commercializing
additional product candidates in 2023 and beyond. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Net
revenues of 21.3 million in 2022 included 10.0 million of licensing revenue, consisting of 5.0 million from Azurity on the launch of Zonisamide
and 5.0 million from the sale of our hospital products to Dr. Reddy s. Net revenue of 21.8 million in 2021 included 19.0 million
of licensing revenue, primarily consisting of 17.0 million from Azurity on three neurology products sold to them at the beginning of 2021.
Net product revenue of 11.3 million in 2022 increased by 8.4 million from 2.8 million in 2021 as a result of growth in ALKINDI SPRINKLE 
and Carglumic Acid. 

Our
2022 gross profit of 14.3 million was down from 19.0 million in 2021, as a result of lower licensing revenue. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we incurred 4.0 million and 6.2 million of research and development R D expenses, respectively, and 18.6 million and 14.3 million of general and administrative G A expenses, respectively.
The 2.2 million decrease in R D was driven by milestone payments on a number of our products in development in 2021 that did not
recur in 2022. The 4.3 million increase in G A expenses was primarily due to personnel additions and increased sales marketing
spending to support our growing business. We incurred a net loss of 9.0 million and 2.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively. 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

G A
expenses consist primarily of employee compensation expenses, selling and adverting/promotional expenses, legal and professional fees,
business insurance and FDA fees associated with approved products. We anticipate that our G A expenses will increase to support our
business growth particularly with respect to sales and marketing for additional personnel and promotional expenses. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

We
currently have eight employees that support our overall product development function. The majority of our spend in R D is to third
parties we contract with to develop and test our products in addition to development partner milestone payments. 

Year
Ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year Ended December 31, 2020 

Net
revenues of 21.8 million in 2021 included 19.0 million of licensing revenue, including 17.0 million from Azurity on three neurology products
sold to them at the beginning of the year. Revenues were nominal in 2020 for Biorphen and reflected the launch of ALKINDI SPRINKLE 
late in mid-December. 

Our
2021 gross profit of 19.0 million was up significantly as the prior year negative gross profit level was adversely impacted by Biorphen
price discounts and a reserve charge to cost of sales for certain slow-moving Biorphen inventory that we did not believe we would be
able to sell before its expiry date. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, we incurred 6.2 million and 14.1 million of research and development R D expenses, respectively, and 14.3 million and 12.6 million of general and administrative G A expenses, respectively.
The 7.9 million decrease in R D was driven by significant milestone payments on a number of our products in development in 2020
that did not recur in 2021. The 1.7 million increase in G A expenses was primarily due to personnel additions and increased professional/consulting
spending to support our growing business. We incurred a net loss of 2.0 million and 28.0 million for the years ended December 31, 2021
and 2020, respectively. 

48 

General
and Administrative Expenses 

G A
expenses consisted primarily of employee compensation expenses, selling and adverting/promotional expenses, legal and professional fees,
business insurance and FDA fees. We anticipate that our G A expenses will increase to support our business growth particularly
with respect to sales and marketing for additional personnel and promotional expenses. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

We
had seven employees that supported our overall product development function. The majority of our spend in R D was to third parties
we contracted with to develop and test our products in addition to development partner milestone payments. We closed our R D facility
in May 2021. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had total assets of 25.0 million, cash and cash equivalents of 16.3 million and working capital of 13.5 million.
We believe that our existing funding and revenues from our approved products will be sufficient for at least the next twelve months of
our operations. However, our projected estimates for our product development spending, administrative expenses and our working capital
requirements could be inaccurate, or we may experience growth more quickly or on a larger scale than we expect, any of which could result
in the depletion of capital resources more rapidly than anticipated and could require us to seek additional financing earlier than we
expect to support our operations. 

Cash
Flows 

The
following table sets forth a summary of our cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 (amounts are in thousands): 

Year ended December 31, 2022 
 Year ended December 31, 2021 
 Year ended December 31, 2020 
 
 Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 
 4,821 
 (4,721 
 (22,346 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (2,788 
 (2,559 
 (50 
 
 Net cash flows (used in) provided by financing activities 
 (134 
 391 
 31,625 
 
 Net change in cash and cash equivalents 
 1,899 
 (6,889 
 9,229 

The
decrease in cash used in operating activities is primarily a result of increased revenue. Investing
activities in 2022 and 2021 consist primarily of licensing fees for Betaine and Carglumic Acid respectively. Financing activities in
2020 consisted of a follow-on common stock offering in October 2020. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

Our
financial statements are prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP ). The preparation of our financial statements and related disclosures requires us to make estimates and judgments that
affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, costs and expenses in our financial statements. We base our estimates on
historical experience, known trends and events and various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the
results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily
apparent from other sources. We evaluate our estimates and assumptions on an ongoing basis. Our actual results may differ from these
estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 

While
our significant accounting policies are described in more detail in Note 3 to our financial statements included herein, we believe that
the following accounting policies are those most critical to the judgments and estimates used in the preparation of our financial statements. 

49 

Revenue
Recognition 

We
account for contracts with our customers in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 606 Revenue
from Contracts with Customers. ASC 606 applies to all contracts with customers, except for contracts that are within the scope of other
standards. Under ASC 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of promised goods or services, in an amount
that reflects the consideration which the entity expects to receive in exchange for those goods or services. To determine revenue recognition
for arrangements that an entity determines are within the scope of ASC 606, the entity performs the following five steps: (i) identify
the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv)
allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies
a performance obligation. 

At
contract inception, once the contract is determined to be within the scope of ASC 606, we assess the goods or services promised within
each contract and determines those that are performance obligations and assesses whether each promised good or service is distinct. We
then recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as)
the performance obligation is satisfied. Arrangements that include rights to additional goods or services that are exercisable at a customer s
discretion are generally considered options. We assess whether these options provide a material right to the customer and, if so, they
are considered performance obligations. The exercise of a material right is accounted for as a contract modification for accounting purposes. 

We
recognize as revenue the amount of the transaction price that is allocated to the respective performance obligation when (or as) each
performance obligation is satisfied at a point in time or over time, and if over time this is based on the use of an output or input
method. Any amounts received prior to revenue recognition will be recorded as deferred revenue. Amounts expected to be recognized as
revenue within the twelve months following the balance sheet date will be classified as current portion of deferred revenue in our balance
sheets. Amounts not expected to be recognized as revenue within the twelve months following the balance sheet date are classified as
long-term deferred revenue, net of current portion. 

Milestone
Payments If a commercial contract arrangement includes development and regulatory milestone payments, we will evaluate whether
the milestone conditions have been achieved and if it is probable that a significant revenue reversal would not occur before recognizing
the associated revenue. Milestone payments that are not within our control or the licensee s control, such as regulatory approvals,
are generally not considered probable of being achieved until those approvals are received. 

Royalties
 For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on a level of sales, which are the
result of a customer-vendor relationship and for which the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate,
we will recognize revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which some or
all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied or partially satisfied. 

Significant
Financing Component In determining the transaction price, we will adjust consideration for the effects of the time value
of money if the expected period between payment by the licensees and the transfer of the promised goods or services to the licensees
will be more than one year. 

The
Company sells its ALKINDI SPRINKLE and Carglumic Acid product to one pharmacy distributor customer which provides order fulfilment
and inventory storage/distribution services. The Company may sell products in the U.S. to wholesale pharmaceutical distributors, who
then sell the product to hospitals and other end-user customers. Sales to wholesalers are made pursuant to purchase orders subject to
the terms of a master agreement, and delivery of individual shipments represent performance obligations under each purchase order. The
Company uses a third-party logistics 3PL vendor to process and fulfill orders and has concluded it is the principal in
the sales to wholesalers because it controls access to the 3PL vendor services rendered and directs the 3PL vendor activities. The Company
has no significant obligations to wholesalers to generate pull-through sales. 

50 

For
its ALKINDI SPRINKLE and Carglumic Acid products, the Company bills at the initial product list price which are subject to offsets
for patient co-pay assistance and potential state Medicaid reimbursements which are recorded as a reduction of net revenues at the date
of sale/shipment. Selling prices initially billed to wholesalers are subject to discounts for prompt payment and subsequent chargebacks
when the wholesalers sell products at negotiated discounted prices to members of certain group purchasing organizations GPOs and government programs. Because of the shelf life of the product and the Company s lengthy return period, there may be a significant
period of time between when the product is shipped and when it issues credits on returned product. 

The
Company estimates the transaction price when it receives each purchase order taking into account the expected reductions of the selling
price initially billed to the wholesaler/distributor arising from all of the above factors. The Company has developed estimates for future
returns and chargebacks and the impact of other discounts and fees it pays, although ALKINDI SPRINKLE and Carglumic Acid sales are
not subject to returns. When estimating these adjustments to the transaction price, the Company reduces it sufficiently to be able to
assert that it is probable that there will be no significant reversal of revenue when the ultimate adjustment amounts are known. 

The
Company stores its ALKINDI SPRINKLE and Carglumic Acid inventory at its pharmacy distributor customer location, and sales are recorded
when stock is pulled and shipped to fulfill specific patient orders. The Company recognizes revenue and cost of sales from products sold
to wholesalers upon delivery to the wholesaler location. At that time, the wholesalers take control of the product as they take title,
bear the risk of loss of ownership and have an enforceable obligation to pay the Company. They also have the ability to direct sales
of product to their customers on terms and at prices they negotiate. Although wholesalers have product return rights, the Company does
not believe they have a significant incentive to return the product. 

Upon
recognition of revenue from product sales, the estimated amounts of credit for product returns, chargebacks, distribution fees, prompt
payment discounts, state Medicaid and GPO fees are included in sales reserves, accrued liabilities and net accounts receivable. The Company
monitors actual product returns, chargebacks, discounts and fees subsequent to the sale. If these amounts end up differing from its estimates,
it will make adjustments to these allowances, which are applied to increase or reduce product sales revenue and earnings in the period
of adjustment. 

In
addition, the Company anticipates it will continue to receive revenues from product licensing agreements where it has contracted for
milestone payments and royalties from products it has developed or acquired. 

Stock-Based
Compensation 

We
account for stock-based compensation under the provisions of ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation. The guidance under ASC
718 requires companies to estimate the fair value of the stock-based compensation awards on the date of grant and record expense over
the related service periods, which are generally the vesting period of the equity awards. Compensation expense is recognized over the
period during which services are rendered by consultants and non-employees until completed. At the end of each financial reporting period
prior to completion of the service, the fair value of these awards is remeasured using the then-current fair value of our common stock
and updated assumption inputs in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model BSM ). 

We
estimate the fair value of stock-based option awards to our using the BSM. The BSM requires the input of subjective assumptions, including
the expected stock price volatility, the calculation of expected term, forfeitures and the fair value of the underlying common stock
on the date of grant, among other inputs. The risk-free interest rate was determined from the implied yields for zero-coupon U.S. government
issues with a remaining term approximating the expected life of the options or warrants. Dividends on common stock are assumed to be
zero for the BSM valuation of the stock options. The expected term of stock options granted is based on vesting periods and the contractual
life of the options. Expected volatilities are based on comparable companies historical volatility along with a limited weighting
included for our own volatility subsequent to our IPO, which we believe represents the most accurate basis for estimating expected future
volatility under the current conditions. We account for forfeitures as they occur. 

51 

Prior
to our initial public offering in November 2018, the fair value of the shares of common stock underlying our stock-based awards was determined
by our board of directors, with input from management. Because there had been no public market for our common stock prior to the IPO,
our board of directors had determined the fair value of the common stock on the grant-date of the stock-based award by considering a
number of objective and subjective factors, including enterprise valuations of our common stock performed by an unrelated third-party
specialist, valuations of comparable companies, sales of our convertible preferred stock to unrelated third parties, operating and financial
performance, the lack of liquidity of our capital stock, and general and industry-specific economic outlook. Following our IPO, we use
the closing stock price on the date of grant for the fair value of the common stock. 

Research
and Development Expenses 

R D
expenses include both internal R D activities and external contracted services. Internal R D activity expenses include salaries,
benefits and stock-based compensation and other costs to support our R D operations. External contracted services include product
development efforts including certain product licensor milestone payments, clinical trial activities, manufacturing and control-related
activities and regulatory costs. R D expenses are charged to operations as incurred. We review and accrue R D expenses based
on services performed and rely upon estimates of those costs applicable to the stage of completion of each project. Significant judgments
and estimates are made in determining the accrued balances at the end of any reporting period. Actual results could differ from our estimates. 

Upfront
payments and milestone payments made for the licensing of technology for products that are not yet approved by the FDA are expensed as
R D in the period in which they are incurred. Nonrefundable advance payments for goods or services to be received in the future for
use in R D activities are recorded as prepaid expenses and are expensed as the related goods are delivered or the services are performed. 

Off
Balance Sheet Transactions 

We
do not have any off-balance sheet transactions. 

JOBS
Act Transition Period 

In
April 2012, the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act ), was enacted. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides
that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of
the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. Thus, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of
certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have irrevocably elected not to avail
ourselves of this extended transition period and, as a result, we will adopt new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates
on which adoption of such standards is required for other public companies. 

Subject
to certain conditions, as an emerging growth company, we may rely on certain of these exemptions, including without limitation, (i)
providing an auditor s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section
404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and (ii) complying with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting
Oversight Board PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report
providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements, known as the auditor discussion and analysis. We will
remain an emerging growth company until the earlier to occur of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) December 31, 2023, which is
the end of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of the completion of our IPO, (b) in which we have total annual gross
revenues of at least 1.07 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer under the rules of
the SEC, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June
30th, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year
period. 

52 

Item
7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

The
primary objective of our investment activities is to preserve capital. We do not utilize hedging contracts or similar instruments. We
are exposed to certain market risks relating primarily to interest rate risk on our cash and cash equivalents and risks relating to the
financial viability of the institutions which hold our capital and through which we have invested our funds. We manage such risks by
investing in short-term, liquid, highly rated instruments. As of December 31, 2022, our cash equivalents only included cash deposits
at our bank. From time to time, we do have cash investments in short-term money market or U.S. treasury bills. We do not believe we have
any material exposure to interest rate risk due to the extremely low interest rate environment and the short duration of the invested
funds we hold. Declines in interest rates would reduce our investment income but would not have a material effect on our financial condition
or results of operations. We do not currently have exposure to foreign currency risk. 

Item
8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

ETON
PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

 INDEX
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 54 

Balance Sheets 
 56 

Statements of Operations 
 57 

Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 58 

Statements of Cash Flows 
 59 

Notes to Financial Statements 
 60 

REPORT
OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To
the Board of Directors and Stockholders of Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
the related statements of operations, stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December
31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements
present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of
its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles
generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on these financial
statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

53 

We
conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error
or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits
provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical
Audit Matter 

The
critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated
or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial
statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter
does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit
matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Product
Sales Deductions 

Critical
Audit Matter Description 

As
described in Note 3 to the financial statements under the caption Revenue Recognition for Contracts with Customers, revenues
from product sales are recognized net of reductions for estimated returns, chargebacks, distribution fees, prompt payment discounts,
state Medicaid and GPO fees (collectively, sales deductions ), which are established at the time of sale. 

Auditing
the estimation of sales deductions was challenging because of the limited sales history of the Company s products and the subjectivity
of certain assumptions required to estimate those amounts. In particular, management estimates potential chargebacks, which relate to
price reductions below the estimated sales price that the wholesalers provide to certain customers, based on historical industry data
for competitive products and adjusted for actual historical experience. In addition, management estimates its provision for product returns
based on prior experience with similar product launches and considers other factors such as levels of inventory in the distribution channel,
forecasted buying patterns, and product dating and expiration period. The product sales deductions are estimated based on current contractual
and statutory requirements, market events and trends, and internal and external historical data. 

How
the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 

To
test management s estimated product sales deductions, we obtained management s calculations for the respective estimates
and performed the following procedures, among others. We tested management s estimation process for determining of product sales
discounts accruals by developing an independent expectation of the estimated accrual rate, including a comparison of rates used in management s
forecast to rates in the underlying contracts and performing a retrospective review of assumptions to actual activity. In addition, we
assessed subsequent events to determine whether there was any new information that would require adjustment to the initial accruals,
evaluated trends in actual sales and discount accrual balances, and compared cash receipts to product sales. We also examined terms and
conditions for a sample of contracts with the Company s customers, tested a sample of credits issued and payments made throughout
the year and agreed rates to underlying contract terms. 

/s/

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2018. 

March
16, 2023 

54 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

 (in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

December 31, 
2022 
 December 31, 
2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use assets, net 

Other long-term assets, net 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Accrued liabilities 

Total current liabilities 

Long-term debt, net of discount and including accrued fees 

Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies (Note 14) 
 - 
 - 
 
 Stockholders equity 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

55 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 (In
thousands, except per share amounts) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

For the years ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Revenues: 

Licensing revenue 

Product sales and royalties, net 

Total net revenues 

Cost of Sales: 

Licensing revenue 

Product sales and royalties 

Total cost of sales 

Gross profit (loss) 

Operating expenses: 

Research and development 

General and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense): 

Interest and other income (expense), net 

Gain on PPP loan forgiveness 

Gain on equipment sale 

Loss before income tax expense 

Income tax expense 

Net loss 

Net loss per share, basic and diluted 

Weighted average number of common shares outstanding, basic and diluted 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

56 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS
OF STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

 (in
thousands, except share amounts) 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 

Common Stock 
 Additional Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Equity 
 
 Balances at December 31, 2019 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock option exercises 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Proceeds from sales of common stock, net of offering costs 

Issuance of common stock for product candidate licensing rights 

Relative fair value of warrants to purchase common stock issued in connection with debt 

Net loss 

Balances at December 31, 2020 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock option exercises 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Common stock issued related to restricted stock units 

Stock warrant exercises 

Net loss 

Balances at December 31, 2021 

Beginning balance, value 

Stock-based compensation 

Stock option exercises 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Stock warrant exercises 

Net loss 

Balances at December 31, 2022 

Ending balance, value 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

57 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 (In
thousands) 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 

For the years ended 

December 31, 
 December 31, 
 December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 
 Cash flows from operating activities 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: 

Stock-based compensation 

Common stock issued for product candidate licensing rights 

Depreciation and amortization 

Debt discount amortization 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loan 

Gain on sale of equipment 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Accounts receivable 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses and other assets 

Accounts payable 

Accrued liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

Cash used in investing activities 

Proceeds from sale of equipment 

Purchases of property and equipment 

Purchase of product licensing rights 

Net cash used in investing activities 

Cash flows from financing activities 

Proceeds from issuance of long-term debt, net of issuance costs 

Proceeds from sales of common stock, net of offering costs 

Proceeds from PPP and EIDL loans 

Debt paydown 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan and stock option
 and stock warrant exercises 

Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities 

Change in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash paid for income taxes 

Supplemental disclosures of non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Relative fair value of common stock warrants issued in connection with debt 

Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities 

The
accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 

58 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 the Company had a net loss of . 

To
date, the Company has generated revenues from multiple products and expects further growth in 2023 and beyond in accordance with additional
market penetration from these products plus revenues from additional products where it anticipates FDA approval. The Company currently
believes its existing cash and cash equivalents of as of December 31, 2022 will be sufficient to fund its operating expenses
and capital expenditure requirements for at least the next twelve months from the date of issuance of these financial statements. This
estimate is based on the Company s current assumptions, including assumptions relating to estimated sales and its ability to manage
its spending. The Company could use its available capital resources sooner than currently expected. Accordingly, the Company could seek
to obtain additional capital through equity financings, the issuance of debt or other arrangements. However, there can be no assurance
that the Company will be able to raise additional capital if needed or under acceptable terms, if at all. The sale of additional equity
may dilute existing stockholders and newly issued shares may contain senior rights and preferences compared to currently outstanding
common shares. The Company s existing long-term debt obligation contains covenants and limits the Company s ability to pay
dividends or make other distributions to stockholders. If the Company experiences delays in product sales growth and completing its product
development and obtaining regulatory approval for its other product candidates and is unable to obtain such additional financing, operations
would need to be scaled back or discontinued. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

and 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

. Equipment, furniture and fixtures is
depreciated over . Leasehold improvements are amortized over their estimated useful lives or the remaining lease term, whichever
is shorter. Construction in progress is capitalized but not depreciated until it is placed into service. 

Maintenance
and repairs are charged to expense as incurred, while renewals and improvements are capitalized. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

and that cost is being amortized over . A 
payment related to the approval of Biorphen had been capitalized in 2019 and that cost was being amortized over . As a result of the Biorphen sale to Dr. Reddy s (see Note 14), amortization of that asset was accelerated to record 
of expense in June 2022 and the remaining 
of expense in the last six months of the year ended December 31, 2022. A 
payment related to the approval of Rezipres had been capitalized in Q1 2022 and that cost was being amortized over . As a result of the sale to Dr. Reddy s, amortization of the Rezipres asset was accelerated to record the
remaining 
in the three-month period ended June 30, 2022. In September 2022, the Company purchased the rights for its Betaine Anhydrous product
for 
and that cost is being amortized over . The intangible assets, net on the Company s balance sheet reflected 
of accumulated amortization as of December 31, 2022. The Company recorded ,
 ,
and 
of amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2021
and 2020, the Company reclassified 
and 
of amortization expense of intangible assets, respectively, to cost of sales to conform with the current year presentation. The table
below shows the estimated remaining amortization for these products for each of the five years from 2023 to 2027 and
thereafter. 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total estimated amortization expense 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

t have any finance leases as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The
Company commences recognizing operating lease expense when the lessor makes the underlying asset available for use by the Company and
the operating lease expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the term of the lease. Variable lease payments are expensed as incurred. 

The
Company does not recognize right-of-use assets or lease liabilities for leases with a term of twelve months or less; such lease costs
are recorded in the statements of operations on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

The
Company is also subject to credit risk from its accounts receivable related to product sales as it extends credit based on an
evaluation of the customer s financial condition, and collateral is not required. Management monitors its exposure to accounts
receivable by periodically evaluating the collectability of the account receivable based on a variety of factors including the
length of time the receivables are past due, the financial health of the customer and historical experience. Based upon the review
of these factors, the Company recorded no allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2022 or 2021. The accounts receivable
balance at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and product sales revenue recognized during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 consist
of sales to and amounts due from AmerisourceBergen Corporation, Cardinal Health Services and McKesson Corporation for sales of the
Company s Biorphen product. The December 31, 2022 accounts receivable balance and sales in 2022 also include amounts due from
AnovoRx for sales of the Company s ALKINDI SPRINKLE product and its Carglumic Acid product. AnovoRx sales made up 
of 2022 total net revenues and 
of net accounts receivable as of December 31, 2022, and of 2021 total net revenues and of net accounts receivable as of December 31, 2021. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Royalties
 For arrangements that include sales-based royalties, including milestone payments based on a level of sales, which are the
result of a customer-vendor relationship and for which the license is deemed to be the predominant item to which the royalties relate,
the Company will recognize revenue at the later of (i) when the related sales occur, or (ii) when the performance obligation to which
some or all of the royalty has been allocated has been satisfied or partially satisfied. 

Significant
Financing Component In determining the transaction price, the Company will adjust consideration for the effects of the time
value of money if the expected period between payment by the licensees and the transfer of the promised goods or services to the licensees
will be more than one year. 

The
Company sells its ALKINDI SPRINKLE and Carglumic Acid product to one pharmacy distributor customer which provides order fulfilment
and inventory storage/distribution services. The Company may sell products in the U.S. to wholesale pharmaceutical distributors, who
then sell the product to hospitals and other end-user customers. Sales to wholesalers are made pursuant to purchase orders subject to
the terms of a master agreement, and delivery of individual shipments represent performance obligations under each purchase order. The
Company uses a third-party logistics 3PL vendor to process and fulfill orders and has concluded it is the principal in
the sales to wholesalers because it controls access to the 3PL vendor services rendered and directs the 3PL vendor activities. The Company
has no significant obligations to wholesalers to generate pull-through sales. 

For
its ALKINDI SPRINKLE and Carglumic Acid products, the Company bills at the initial product list price which are subject to offsets
for patient co-pay assistance and potential state Medicaid reimbursements which are recorded as a reduction of net revenues at the date
of sale/shipment. Selling prices initially billed to wholesalers are subject to discounts for prompt payment and subsequent chargebacks
when the wholesalers sell products at negotiated discounted prices to members of certain group purchasing organizations GPOs and government programs. Because of the shelf life of the product and the Company s lengthy return period, there may be a significant
period of time between when the product is shipped and when it issues credits on returned product. 

The
Company estimates the transaction price when it receives each purchase order taking into account the expected reductions of the selling
price initially billed to the wholesaler/distributor arising from all of the above factors. The Company has developed estimates for future
returns and chargebacks and the impact of other discounts and fees it pays, although ALKINDI SPRINKLE and Carglumic Acid sales are
not subject to returns. When estimating these adjustments to the transaction price, the Company reduces it sufficiently to be able to
assert that it is probable that there will be no significant reversal of revenue when the ultimate adjustment amounts are known. 

The
Company stores its ALKINDI SPRINKLE and Carglumic Acid inventory at its pharmacy distributor customer location, and sales are recorded
when stock is pulled and shipped to fulfill specific patient orders. The Company recognizes revenue and cost of sales from products sold
to wholesalers upon delivery to the wholesaler location. At that time, the wholesalers take control of the product as they take title,
bear the risk of loss of ownership and have an enforceable obligation to pay the Company. They also have the ability to direct sales
of product to their customers on terms and at prices they negotiate. Although wholesalers have product return rights, the Company does
not believe they have a significant incentive to return the product. 

Upon
recognition of revenue from product sales, the estimated amounts of credit for product returns, chargebacks, distribution fees, prompt
payment discounts, state Medicaid and GPO fees are included in sales reserves, accrued liabilities and net accounts receivable. The Company
monitors actual product returns, chargebacks, discounts and fees subsequent to the sale. If these amounts end up differing from its estimates,
it will make adjustments to these allowances, which are applied to increase or reduce product sales revenue and earnings in the period
of adjustment. 

In
addition, the Company anticipates it will receive revenues from product licensing agreements where it has contracted for milestone payments
and royalties from products it has developed or acquired. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

valuation reserve against its deferred tax assets. 

The
Company accounts for income taxes under the provisions of ASC 740 - Income Taxes. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were no unrecognized
tax benefits included in the balance sheets that would, if recognized, affect the effective tax rate. The Company s practice is
to recognize interest and penalties related to income tax matters in income tax expense. The Company had no accrual for interest or penalties
in its balance sheets at December 31, 2022 or 2021, and has not recognized interest and penalties in the statements of operations for
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. As of December 31, 2022, the Company is subject to taxation in the United States and
certain individual states primarily Illinois and Tennessee. The Company s tax losses from 2017 through 2022 are subject
to examination by the federal and state tax authorities due to the carryforward of unutilized net operating losses NOLs ). 

Current
accounting standards include guidance on the accounting for uncertainty in income taxes recognized in the financial statements. Such
standards also prescribe a recognition threshold and measurement model for the financial statement recognition of a tax position taken,
or expected to be taken, and provides guidance on derecognition, classification, interest and penalties, accounting in interim periods,
disclosure and transition. The Company believes that the ultimate deductibility of all tax positions is highly certain, although there
is uncertainty about the timing of such deductibility. As a result, no liability for uncertain tax positions was recorded as of December
31, 2022 or 2021. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
3 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies (continued) 

Fair
value measurements are classified based on the lowest level of input that is significant to the measurement. The Company s assessment
of the significance of a particular input to the fair value measurement requires judgment, which may affect the valuation of the assets
and liabilities and their placement within the fair value hierarchy levels. The determination of the fair values stated below takes into
account the market for the Company s financials, assets and liabilities, the associated credit risk and other factors as required.
The Company considers active markets as those in which transactions for the assets or liabilities occur in sufficient frequency and volume
to provide pricing information on an ongoing basis. 

The
Company s financial instruments included cash and cash equivalents, accounts receivable, accounts payable, accrued liabilities
and long-term debt obligation. The carrying amounts of these financial instruments, except for the long-term debt
obligation, approximate their fair values due to the short-term maturities of these instruments. Based on borrowing rates currently
available to the Company, the carrying value of the long-term debt obligation approximate their respective fair
values. 

Furniture and fixtures 

Equipment 

Leasehold improvements 

Construction in progress 

Property
 and equipment, gross 

Less: accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Property and equipment, net 

Depreciation
expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

in financing. The Company received proceeds of at closing and was able to
borrow an additional upon the FDA approval of a second product developed by the Company, excluding EM-100. In March 2020, in conjunction
with the Company s ALKINDI SPRINKLE product licensing agreement (see Note 14) and the Company s March 2020 sale of
shares of its common stock (see Note 6), the Company and SWK amended the SWK Credit Agreement. The amendment provided the Company with
the option to immediately draw and the ability to borrow an additional based upon the FDA approval of EM-100 and ALKINDI
SPRINKLE which subsequently occurred in September 2020. Accordingly, the Company borrowed an additional on August 11, 2020.
The term of the SWK Credit Agreement is for five years and borrowings bear interest at a rate of LIBOR 3-month plus , subject to
a stated LIBOR floor rate of . A unused credit limit fee is assessed during the first twelve months after the date of the SWK
Credit Agreement and loan fees include a exit fee based on the principal amounts drawn which is payable at the end of the term of
the SWK Credit Agreement. , only pay interest on the debt until
February 2022 and then pay 5.5 of the loan principal balance commencing on February 15, 2022 and then every three months thereafter
until November 13, 2024 at which time the remaining principal balance is due. Borrowings under the SWK Credit Agreement are secured by
the Company s assets. The SWK Credit Agreement contains customary default provisions and covenants which include limits on additional
indebtedness. In March 2020, SWK provided a waiver for the Company to obtain loans with the Small Business Association. In February 2021,
the Company notified SWK that it will not require additional borrowing capacity under the SWK Credit Agreement and terminated the additional
borrowing capacity with SWK . 

In
connection with the initial borrowed in November 2019, the Company issued warrants to SWK to purchase shares of the Company s
common stock with an exercise price of per share. The relative fair value of these warrants was and was estimated using
the Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model with the following assumptions: fair value of the Company s common stock at issuance
of per share; seven -year contractual term; volatility; dividend rate; and a risk-free interest rate of . 

In
connection with the additional borrowed in August 2020, the Company issued warrants for shares of its common stock at an
exercise price of per share. The relative fair value of the warrants was and was estimated using the Black-Scholes-Merton
option pricing model with the following assumptions: fair value of the Company s common stock at issuance of per share; seven -year
contractual term; volatility; dividend rate; and a risk-free interest rate of . 

These
warrants (the SWK Warrants are exercisable immediately and have a term of seven years from the date of issuance. The SWK
Warrants are subject to a cashless exercise feature, with the exercise price and number of shares issuable upon exercise subject to change
in connection with stock splits, dividends, reclassifications and other conditions. 

On
April 5, 2022, the Company and SWK entered into an amendment to the SWK Credit Agreement which allowed for a deferral of loan principal
payments until May 2023 and reduced the interest rate to LIBOR 3-month plus , subject to a stated LIBOR floor rate of . In accordance
with the change, the Company has classified as principal due in the next 12 months and the remainder classified as long-term debt
in its balance sheet at December 31, 2022. Because LIBOR was intended to be phased out by the end of 2021, future borrowings under our
Credit Agreement could be subject to reference rates other than LIBOR. However, the cessation date of LIBOR has been deferred to June
30, 2023 and we do not expect the planned discontinuation of LIBOR to have a material impact on interest payments incurred under the
SWK Credit Agreement. The Company is in discussions with SWK regarding an alternate reference rate. 

The
Company recorded interest expense of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which included , and ,
respectively, of debt discount amortization. The Company had accrued interest of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively,
which is included in accrued liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
5 Debt (continued) 

2024 

Total payments 

Less: amount representing interest 

Loan payable, gross 

Less: current portion of long-term debt 

Less: unamortized discount 

Long-term debt, net of unamortized discount 

PPP
loan 

On
May 4, 2020, the Company received in loan proceeds under the Paycheck Protection Program PPP from the Small Business
Administration SBA through its banking relationship with Bank of America. On May 20, 2021, the Company received notice
that the loan principal and cumulative interest of was forgiven in full as permitted under the applicable SBA guidelines for PPP loans.
The gain on debt extinguishment is reflected in non-operating income for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

EIDL
loan 

On
July 21, 2020, the Company received in loan proceeds under the Economic Injury Disaster Loan program EIDL from the
SBA. The Company paid off the full EIDL loan principal and its cumulative interest of 6 in July 2021. 

authorized shares of par value common stock as per its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. 

In
March and April 2020, the Company entered into securities purchase agreements with various investors and sold an aggregate of 
shares of its common stock at a price of per share and received in net proceeds after deducting issuance costs associated
with the sale. 

In
March 2020, the Company issued shares of its common stock to Diurnal Limited Diurnal as a milestone fee for acquiring
the U.S. marketing rights to ALKINDI SPRINKLE , an orphan drug product currently under review with the FDA (see Note 14). The shares
were valued at based on the Company s closing stock price on the date of issuance and this amount was recorded as a component
of the Company s research and development expense and a corresponding increase to its additional paid-in-capital. 

In
October 2020, the Company issued shares of its common stock in a public offering at an offering price of per share and
received net proceeds of . 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
6 Common Stock (continued) 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares, respectively, of its common stock resulting
from stock option exercises under its 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (see Note 8). For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company
issued and shares, respectively, under the Company s Employee Stock Purchase Plan ESPP ). In April
2020, the Company issued shares of its common stock as an RSA to a new employee. This RSA vested every three months and was
 vested in April 2021. In April 2021, the Company issued shares of its common stock to a member of its board of directors
upon his retirement from the board in connection with previously vested RSUs. During 2022, there
were warrants exercised, a portion of which was a cashless exercise, resulting in shares of common stock being issued
by the Company. 

SWK Warrants Debt (Tranche #1) 

SWK Warrants Debt (Tranche #2) 

Total 
 
 (Avg) 

The
holders of these warrants or their permitted transferees, are entitled to rights with respect to the registration under the Securities
Act of their shares that are converted to common stock, including demand registration rights and piggyback registration rights. These
rights are provided under the terms of a registration rights agreement between the Company and the investors. 

On
June 26, 2022, warrants from the 2017 preferred stock offering with an exercise price of were set to expire. Prior to the
expiration, the Company entered into an agreement with the warrant holders, whereby it modified the terms of the warrants to extend the
expiration date until in exchange for the Company retaining the option of a cashless exercise provision. No other terms
were modified. Due to this modification, the Company incurred a modification expense of that is included in general and administration
expense on the Statement of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Exercise of Placement Agent Warrants 2017 Preferred Stock Offering 

Expiration of Placement Agent Warrants 2017 Preferred Stock Offering 

Balance as of the end of the year 

There
were warrants exercised in 2022 resulting in shares of common stock being issued by the Company. There were 
warrants exercised in 2021 (all on a cashless basis) resulting in shares of common stock being issued by the Company. The intrinsic
value of the warrants exercised was in 2022 and in 2021. 

shares of the Company s common stock. In conjunction with the Company s IPO in November 2018, the Company s
stockholders and board of directors approved the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended (the 2018 Plan which
succeeded the 2017 Plan. The Company has granted RSAs, stock options and RSUs for its common stock under the 2017 Plan and 2018 Plan
as detailed in the tables below. There were shares
available for future issuance under the 2018 Plan as of December 31, 2022. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
8 Share-Based Payment Awards (continued) 

Shares
that are expired, terminated, surrendered or canceled without having been fully exercised will be available for future awards under the
2018 Plan. In addition, the 2018 Plan provides that commencing January 1, 2019 and through January 1, 2028, the share reserve will be
increased by of the total number of shares outstanding as of the preceding December 31, subject to a reduction at the discretion of
the Company s board of directors. On January 1, 2019, the share reserve was increased by shares based on the 
shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2018. On January 1, 2020, the share reserve was increased by shares based
on the shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2019. On January 1, 2021, the share reserve was increased by 
shares based on the shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2020. On January 1, 2022, the share reserve was increased
by shares based on the shares of common stock outstanding at December 31, 2021. The exercise price for stock options
granted is not less than the fair value of common stock as determined by the board of directors as of the date of grant. The Company
uses the closing stock price on the date of grant as the exercise price. 

In
April 2020, the Company issued shares of its common stock as an RSA to a new employee. This RSA vested every three months
and was vested in April 2021. 

To
date, all stock options issued have been non-qualified stock options, and the exercise prices were set at the fair value for the shares
at the dates of grant. Options typically have a ten -year life, except for options to purchase shares of the Company s common
stock granted to product consultants in July 2017 that expired, unexercised, in July 2022 as the Company was not able to file certain
product submissions to the FDA prior to the five -year expiration date. Furthermore, these option awards to the Company s product
consultants would not vest unless certain product submissions are made to the FDA, and accordingly, the Company has not recorded any
expense for these contingently vesting option awards to its product consultants. 

In
July 2022 and September 2022, the Company s board of directors approved modifications of certain outstanding awards of two senior
executives, one of whom retired in May 2022 and the other whose employment was terminated in July 2022. The combined awards had an exercise
price range of to which were set to expire 90 days after retirement or termination as the case may be, and the Company extended
the expiration dates to April 2023. No other terms were modified. Due to these modifications, the Company incurred a modification expense
of approximately that is included in general and administration expense on the Statement of Operations for the year
ended December 31, 2022. 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company s total stock-based compensation expense was , and
 , respectively. Of these amounts, , and was recorded in general and administrative expenses, respectively,
and , and was recorded in R D expenses, respectively. 

Stock
Options 

Issued 

Exercised 

Forfeited/Cancelled 

Options outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 

Options vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 

The
aggregate intrinsic value of stock options is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the stock options and the fair
value of the Company s common stock for those stock options that had strike prices lower than the fair value of the Company s
common stock at December 31. The intrinsic value of the options exercised during 2022 was . 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
8 Share-Based Payment Awards (continued) 

There
were shares issued for exercise of stock options during the year ended December 31, 2022 for proceeds of . 

- 

Risk-free interest rate 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Expected term 
 years 
 years 
 years 
 
 Weighted average fair value 

Expected
Term The Company has opted to use the simplified method for estimating the expected term of options granted to
employees and directors, whereby the expected term equals the arithmetic average of the vesting term and the original contractual term
of the option (generally 10 years). The expected term of options granted to non-employees equals the contractual life of the options. 

Expected
Volatility Due to the Company s limited operating history and a lack of Company-specific historical and implied volatility
data, the Company has based its estimate of expected volatility on the historical volatility of a group of similar companies that are
publicly traded. The historical volatility data was computed using the daily closing prices for the selected companies shares
during the equivalent period of the calculated expected term of the stock-based awards. The Company has also applied some limited weighting
to its own volatility. 

Risk-Free
Interest Rate The risk-free rate assumption is based on the U.S. Treasury instruments with maturities similar to the expected
term of the Company s stock options. 

Expected
Dividend The Company has not issued any dividends in its history and does not expect to issue dividends over the life of the
options and therefore has estimated the dividend yield to be zero. 

Fair
value of Common Stock The Company uses the closing stock price on the date of grant for the fair value of the common stock. 

As
of December 31, 2022, there was a total of of unrecognized compensation costs related to non-vested stock option awards which
will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Restricted
Stock Units (RSUs) 

Vested 

Forfeited 

Outstanding and unvested as of December 31, 2022 

Stock-based
compensation related to RSUs was for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, there was of unrecognized stock-based
compensation expense related to unvested RSUs which will be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
8 Share-Based Payment Awards (continued) 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

In
December 2018, the Company s board of directors adopted an initial offering of the Company s common stock under the Company s
ESPP. shares and this reserve is automatically increased on January
1 of each year by the lesser of 1 of the outstanding common shares at December 31 of the preceding year or 150,000 shares, subject to
reduction at the discretion of the Company s board of directors . 

. 

The
Company recorded an expense of , and in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, related to the ESPP. For the years ended December
31, 2022 and 2021, there were and share issuances, respectively, under the ESPP. The weighted average grant date fair value
of share awards in 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , and per share, respectively. Employees contributed and to the
ESPP during 2022 and 2021, respectively. Of these amounts, and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, are included in accrued
liabilities in the accompanying balance sheets. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares available for issuance under the ESPP. 

, and , respectively, and are excluded from the calculation
of diluted net loss per share because the effect is anti-dilutive. Included in the basic and diluted net loss per share calculation were
RSUs awarded to directors that had vested, but the issuance and delivery of the shares are deferred until the director retires from service
as a director. 

Weighted average common shares outstanding (basic and diluted) 

Net loss per common share (basic and diluted) 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

shares to the Harrow CEO in April 2021 after
his retirement from the Company s board associated with RSUs that were previously fully vested. As of December 31, 2022, Harrow
owned 
 shares of Eton s common shares which represents
 
of the Company s common shares outstanding. 

In March 2021, the Company closed its laboratory operation in Lake Zurich, Illinois
and in May 2021 it reached an agreement for Imprimis Pharmaceuticals, a subsidiary of Harrow, to purchase its lab equipment for which
was above the Company s net book value of the equipment. 

Chief Executive Officer 

The CEO has a partial interest
in a company that the Company has partnered with for its EM-100/Alaway Preservative Free eye allergy product as described below. 

The Company acquired the exclusive
rights to sell the EM-100 product in the United States pursuant to a sales and marketing agreement (the Eyemax Agreement dated August 11, 2017 between the Company and Eyemax LLC Eyemax ), an entity affiliated with the Company s CEO. The
Company also held a right of first refusal to obtain the exclusive license rights for geographic areas outside of the United States. Pursuant
to the Eyemax Agreement, the Company was responsible for all costs of testing and FDA approval of the product, other than the FDA filing
fee which was paid by Eyemax. The Company was also to be responsible for commercializing the product in the United States at its expense.
The Company paid Eyemax upon execution of the Eyemax Agreement, which was recorded as a component of R D expense. Under
the terms of the original agreement, the Company would pay Eyemax upon FDA approval and upon the first commercial
sale of the product and pay Eyemax a royalty of on the net sales of all products. . 

On
February 18, 2019, the Company entered into an Amended and Restated Agreement with Eyemax amending the Sales Agreement (the Amended
Agreement ). Pursuant to the Amended Agreement, Eyemax sold the Company all of its right, title and interest in EM-100, including
any such product that incorporates or utilizes Eyemax s intellectual property rights. Under the Amended Agreement, the Company
assumed certain liabilities of Eyemax under its Exclusive Development Supply Agreement with Excelvision SAS dated as of July 11,
2013, as amended (the Excelvision Agreement ), with respect to certain territories and arising during certain time periods.
Pursuant to the Amended Agreement, the Company paid Eyemax two milestone payments: (i) one milestone payment for upon
regulatory approval in the territory by the FDA of the first single agent product and (ii) one milestone payment for following
the first commercial sale of the first single agent product in the territory. Following payment of the milestones, the Company is entitled
to retain all of the non-royalty transaction revenues and royalties up to (the
 Recovery Amount ). After the Company has retained the full Recovery Amount, it is entitled to retain half of all royalty
and non-royalty transaction revenue. The Company has realized 
 of the non-royalty and royalty revenue as of December 31, 2022. The Amended Agreement also
contains customary representations, warranties, covenants and indemnities by the parties. The EM-100 asset and its associated product
rights were sold to Bausch Health on February 18, 2019 and future potential royalties of twelve percent on Bausch Health sales of the
product, named Alaway Preservative Free by Bausch, which
was approved by the FDA in September 2020, will be split between Eyemax and the Company. The royalty from Bausch Health is subject to
reduction if a competitive product with the same active pharmaceutical ingredient is launched in the U.S. or if the product s U.S
market share falls below a specified target percentage. 

There were no amounts due to Eyemax under the terms of the Amended Agreement as of Dec ember
31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 

and recorded in ROU assets and in operating lease liabilities
in association with the lease extension. and recorded in ROU assets and in operating lease liabilities in association with the lease extension. On March 7, 2018,
the Company entered into a lease for laboratory space at a complex in Lake Zurich, Illinois. The lease commenced on March 7, 2018 and
was scheduled to expire in February 2021. and was not extended after
that date as the Company completed an evaluation its laboratory operations requirements and determined it would discontinue the laboratory
activities and outsource its requirements. 

The
Company does not have any lease contracts that contain: (1) an option to extend that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, (2)
an option to terminate that the Company is reasonably certain to exercise, or (3) an option to extend (or not to terminate) in which
exercise of the option is controlled by the lessor. Additionally, the Company does not have any leases with residual value guarantees
or material restrictive covenants. Lease liabilities and their corresponding right-of-use assets have been recorded based on the present
value of the future lease payments over the expected lease term. One of the Company s lease agreements contains provisions for
escalating rent payments over the term of the lease. 

The
Company s leases do not contain readily determinable implicit discount rates, and therefore, the Company was required to use its
incremental borrowing rate of to discount the future lease payments based on information available at lease commencement. In October
2020, the new discount rate for the office lease extension was estimated at . In November 2022, the new discount rate for an additional
office lease extension was estimated at . The incremental borrowing rate was estimated by determining the rate of interest that the
Company would have to pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar
economic environment. 

The
Company s operating lease cost as presented in the Research and Development and General and Administrative 
captions in the statements of operations was , and and , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020,
respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, the Company recorded , , and , respectively, in rent
expense. Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liabilities was and for years ended December 31,
2022 and 2021, respectively. The ROU asset amortization for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was , and , respectively,
and is reflected in depreciation and amortization in the Company s statements of cash flows. As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average
remaining lease term was years, and the weighted-average discount rate was . 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
11 Leases (continued) 

Total leased assets 

Liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, current 
 Accrued liabilities 

Operating lease liabilities, noncurrent 
 Operating lease liabilities, net of current portion 

Total operating lease liabilities 

Less: Imputed interest 

Total lease liabilities 

State 

Change in valuation allowance 

Total deferred expense 

Total provision 

Deferred
income taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial
reporting purposes and the amounts used for income tax purposes. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
12 Income Taxes (continued) 

Stock-based expenses 

Accruals and other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 

Based
on the uncertainty of future taxable income at this time management believes a valuation reserve for the and deferred
tax assets at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is appropriate. 

Permanent items (primarily warrants and stock compensation) 

State tax benefit 

Federal rate change 

Other items 

Increase in valuation allowance 

Income tax expense 

The
Company has a federal and state NOL carryforward of 
as of December 31, 2022. Under the Tax Act, federal NOLs incurred in taxable years ending after December 31, 2017 in the amount of
 
may be carried forward indefinitely and are subject to an 80 usage limitation. The deductibility of federal NOLs generated in
tax years beginning before December 31, 2017 in the amount of 
will expire in 2037. The state NOL carry forward will begin to . 

In
addition, under Sections 382 and 383 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, and corresponding provisions of state law, if
a corporation undergoes an ownership change, which is generally defined as a greater than change (by value) in its
equity ownership over a three-year period, the corporation s ability to use its pre-change NOL carryforwards and other pre-change
tax attributes (such as research tax credits) to offset its post-change income may be limited. 

of their salary, subject to annual limits.
The Company makes certain matching contributions to the plan in amounts up to of the participants annual cash compensation,
subject to annual limits. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the Company made , and , respectively, in
matching contributions. 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

in milestone revenues to date from these three products (including received in 2022) and may receive up to 
in additional milestone revenues related to FDA product approvals and the future sales levels for the products. Azurity has assumed
royalty or profit share obligations owed to development partners as well as additional milestone payments based on sales volume
targets. 

During
the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 the Company worked with Tulex Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Tulex as a
third-party contract manufacturer to develop an oral solution for Topiramate (fka ET-101) which targets a neurological condition.
The Company subsequently filed the product with the FDA in October 2020 and paid a 
filing fee. In November 2021, the product received approval from the FDA and was launched by Azurity in December 2021. The Company
recognized a 
milestone revenue at launch which was reflected in accounts receivable on the Company s balance sheet at December 31, 2021 and
subsequently collected in January 2022. 

On
January 23, 2019, the Company entered into a Licensing and Supply Agreement (the Agreement with Liquimeds Worldwide LMW for Zonisamide oral liquid, a development stage product candidate ET-104 ). Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the
Company was to be responsible for regulatory and marketing activities and LMW was responsible for development and manufacturing of ET-104.
The Company paid 
 to Azurity upon issuance of patent covering ET-104
listed in the FDA s Orange Book in November 2022 and will pay 
 in the event that product sales in excess of
 
 were achieved within a calendar year. 

On
June 12, 2019, the Company entered into an Exclusive Licensing and Supply Agreement (the ET-105 License Agreement with Aucta Pharmaceuticals, Inc. Aucta for marketing rights in the United States to Lamotrigine, an oral suspension
product candidate for use as an adjunct therapy for partial seizures, primary generalized tonic-clonic seizures, and generalized
seizures of Lennox-Gastaut syndrome in patients two years of age and older. Pursuant to the terms of the ET-105 License Agreement,
the Company was to be responsible for marketing activities and Aucta will be responsible for development, manufacturing, and
regulatory activities related to obtaining regulatory approval. The Company paid Aucta a licensing payment of in
August 2019 upon receiving an acceptance for review letter from the FDA and will pay upon
FDA approval and commercial sales of the product candidate and another upon
issuance of an Orange-book listed patent. If Aucta successfully completes a Lamotrigine product line extension product, Eton will
pay upon
FDA acceptance of the product filing. Aucta will be entitled to receive milestone payments from the Company of up to based
on commercial success of the product, including ,
and . 

Eton
Pharmaceuticals, Inc. 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 in
thousands, except share and per share amounts) 

Note
14 Commitments and Contingencies (continued) 

Azurity
will assume royalty or profit share obligations owed to development partners as well as additional milestone payments based on sales
volume targets. 

On
March 27, 2020, the Company entered into an Exclusive Licensing and Supply Agreement (the Alkindi License Agreement with
Diurnal for marketing ALKINDI SPRINKLE in the United States. ALKINDI SPRINKLE s New Drug Application (NDA) was approved
by the FDA on September 29, 2020 as a replacement therapy for pediatric patients with adrenocortical insufficiency. 

For
the initial licensing milestone fee, the Company paid Diurnal in cash and issued shares of its common stock to Diurnal
which were valued at based on the Company s closing stock price of on March 26, 2020 (see Note 6). The total amount
of was recorded as a component of research and development expense in the Company s statement of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2020. The Company will also pay Diurnal if the product obtains orphan drug exclusivity status from the FDA. 

On
June 15, 2021, the Company acquired U.S. and Canadian rights to Crossject s ZENEO hydrocortisone needleless autoinjector,
which is under development as a rescue treatment for adrenal crisis. The Company paid Crossject upon signing, in March 2022
upon a completion of a successful technical batch and could pay up to in additional development milestones and up to in
commercial milestones, as well as a royalty on net sales. 

On
October 28, 2021, the Company acquired the U.S. marketing rights to Carglumic Acid Tablets. The product s Abbreviated New Drug
Application ANDA ), which is owned by Novitium Pharma, was approved by the FDA on October 12, 2021. The product is an AB-rated,
substitutable generic version of Carbaglu . The Company paid 
 upon signing and retains 
of the product profits with the balance being distributed to the licensor and manufacturer. The Company launched this product in December
2021. 

In June 2022, the Company sold
its rights in Cysteine Hydrochloride, Biorphen , and Rezipres to Dr. Reddy s. Under the terms of the transaction, Dr.
Reddy s assumed immediate ownership of Eton s rights and interest in the products. The Company received at closing,
recorded as licensing revenue in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and could receive up to of additional payments based
on the achievement of certain event-based and sales-based milestones. Of the received at closing, was held in escrow to address
potential indemnity claims during the 12-month period following the effective date of the agreement. In addition, of any additional
payments paid by Dr. Reddy s during the 12-month period following the effective date will be held in escrow and subsequently released
to Eton upon expiration of the 12-month period following the effective date. In accordance with the terms of the agreement, of Sintetica
profit share receivables were expensed as cost of goods sold in the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. 

On
September 13, 2022, the Company acquired an FDA-approved ANDA for Betaine Anhydrous for oral solution. The ANDA was approved by the FDA
on January 28, 2022. The Company paid upon signing and could pay up to in commercial milestones. The Company will retain
 of the product profits with the balance being distributed to the licensor. 

Indemnification 

As
permitted under Delaware law and in accordance with the Company s Amended and Restated Bylaws, the Company is required to indemnify
its officers and directors for certain events or occurrences while the officer or director is or was serving in such capacity. The Company
is also party to indemnification agreements with its directors and officers. The Company believes the fair value of the indemnification
rights and agreements is minimal. Accordingly, the Company has not recorded any liabilities for these indemnification rights and agreements
as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

78 

PART
II (CONTINUED) 

Item
9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 

None. 

Item
9A. Controls and Procedures 

Disclosure
Controls and Procedures 

We
maintain disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange
Act, that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in reports that we file or submit under the Exchange
Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in SEC rules and forms, and that such information
is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and our principal financial officer, to
allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

The
design of any disclosure controls and procedures also is based in part upon certain assumptions about the likelihood of future events,
and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future conditions. 

As
of December 31, 2022, an evaluation was conducted under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief
Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based on this evaluation,
such officers have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures are effective as of December 31, 2022. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for our Company, as such
term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our management conducted an evaluation, with the participation of our principal
executive officer and principal financial officer, of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December
31, 2022, based on the criteria set forth in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring
Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on this evaluation, our management concluded that our internal control over financial
reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 

This
report does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding our internal control over
financial reporting, in accordance with applicable SEC rules that permit us to provide only management s report in this report. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

There
has not been any change in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that
occurred during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal
control over financial reporting. 

79 

Inherent
Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls 

Our
management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, do not expect that our disclosure controls or
our internal control over financial reporting will prevent or detect all errors and all fraud. A control system, no matter how well designed
and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the control system s objectives will be met. The design
of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints, and the benefits of controls must be considered relative
to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance
that misstatements due to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected.
These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty and that breakdowns can occur because
of simple error or mistake. Controls can also be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people,
or by management override of the controls. The design of any system of controls is based in part on certain assumptions about the likelihood
of future events, and there can be no assurance that any design will succeed in achieving its stated goals under all potential future
conditions. Projections of any evaluation of controls effectiveness to future periods are subject to risks. Over time, controls may become
inadequate because of changes in conditions or deterioration in the degree of compliance with policies or procedures. 

Item
9B. Other Information 

Not
applicable 

PART
III 

Item
10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

The
information required by this item and not set forth below will be set forth in the section headed Election of Directors 
 and Executive Officers in our Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders Proxy Statement ),
to be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and is incorporated herein by reference. 

We
have adopted a code of ethics for directors, officers (including our principal executive officer, principal financial officer and principal
accounting officer) and employees, known as the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. The Code of Business Conduct and Ethics is available
on our website at http://ir.etonpharma.com under the Corporate Governance section of our Investor Relations page. We will
promptly disclose on our website (i) the nature of any amendment to the policy that applies to our principal executive officer, principal
financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions and (ii) the nature of any waiver,
including an implicit waiver, from a provision of the policy that is granted to one of these specified individuals that is required to
be disclosed pursuant to SEC rules and regulations, the name of such person who is granted the waiver and the date of the waiver. 

Item
11. Executive Compensation 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in the section headed Executive Compensation in our Proxy Statement
and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in the section headed Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and
Management in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

The
information required by Item 201(d) of Regulation S-K will be set forth in the section headed Executive Compensation 
 in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in the section headed Transactions With Related Persons in our
Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

The
information required by this item will be set forth in the section headed Ratification of Selection of Independent Registered
Public Accounting Firm in our Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

80 

PART
IV 

Item
15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 

(1)
 Index to Financial Statements 

The
following financial statements of Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. and the Report of the Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are
included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 54 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 56 
 
 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 57 
 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity (Deficit) for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 58 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 
 59 
 
 Notes to the Financial Statements 
 60 

(2)
 Financial Statement Schedules 

Financial
statement schedules have been omitted in this report because they are not applicable, not required under the instructions, or the information
requested is set forth in the financial statements or related notes thereto. 

(3)
 Exhibits 

The
following exhibits have been filed or are being filed herewith and are numbered in accordance with Item 601 of Regulation S-K: 

EXHIBIT
INDEX 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 20, 2018). 
 
 3.2 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws of the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Current Report on Form 8-K, filed November 20, 2018). 
 
 4.1 
 
 Specimen Certificate representing shares of common stock of Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-226774), originally filed August 10, 2018). 
 
 4.2 
 
 Form of Underwriter s Warrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-226774), originally filed August 10, 2018). 

81 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 4.3 
 
 Warrant dated November 13, 2019 issued to SWK Holdings LLC. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed March 5, 2020). 
 
 10.1 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement dated June 19, 2017 by and among the Registrant and certain of its stockholders (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-226774), originally filed August 10, 2018). 
 
 10.2 
 
 Asset Purchase Agreement (DS-200) dated June 23, 2017 between Selenix, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-226774), originally filed August 10, 2018). 
 
 10.3 
 
 Amended and Restated Agreement relating to sales and marketing dated February 18, 2019 between the Registrant and Eyemax, LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Registrant s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2019) 
 
 10.4 
 
 Sales/Marketing Agreement (DS-300) dated November 17, 2017 by and among AL Pharma, Inc., SCS National, LLC, Dry Creek Project, LLC and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-226774), originally filed August 10, 2018). 
 
 10.5+ 
 
 Offer Letter Agreement by and between the Registrant and Sean E. Brynjelsen, dated as of May 17, 2017 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-226774), originally filed August 10, 2018). 
 
 10.6+ 
 
 Offer
 Letter Agreement by and between the Registrant and James Gruber, dated as of March 25, 2022. 
 
 10.7+ 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan as amended December 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020 filed on March 16, 2021). 

82 

Exhibit
 No. 
 
 Description 
 
 10.8+ 
 
 2018 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-226774), originally filed August 10, 2018). 
 
 10.9 
 
 Amendment No. 1 dated August 29, 2018 to Sales/Marketing Agreement (DS-300) dated November 17, 2017 between AL Pharma, Inc. and the Registrant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s Registration Statement on Form S-1, as amended (File No. 333-226774), originally filed August 10, 2018). 
 
 10.10 
 
 Credit
 Agreement dated as of November 13, 2019, by and among the Company and SWK Funding LLC (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to
 the Registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019 filed March 5, 2020) (as amended on April 5, 2022 and such amendment is incorporated by reference to exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s quarterly report
on Form 10-Q for the quarter ended March 31, 2022). 
 
 23.1 
 
 Consent of KMJ Corbin Company LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 
 24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney. Reference is made to the signature page hereto. 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 . 
 
 32.1 
 
 Certifications of President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) and Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer), pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 101 
 
 The
 following financial information from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted
 in Extensible Business Reporting Language (XBRL): (i) the Balance Sheets, (ii) the Statements of Operations, (iii) the Statement
 of Redeemable Convertible Preferred Stock and Stockholders Equity (Deficit), (iv) the Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes
 to Financial Statements. 

Confidential
 treatment has been granted with respect to certain portions of this exhibit. Omitted portions have been filed separately with the
 SEC. 
 
 + 
 Indicates
 management compensatory plan, contract or arrangement. 

These
 certifications are being furnished solely to accompany this Annual Report pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, and are not being filed
 for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and are not to be incorporated by reference into any
 filing of the Registrant, whether made before or after the date hereof, regardless of any general incorporation language in such
 filing. 

83 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

ETON
 PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 

March
 16, 2023 
 By:
 
 /s/
 Sean E. Brynjelsen 

Sean
 E. Brynjelsen 

President
 and Chief Executive Officer 

(Principal
 Executive Officer) 

By: 
 /s/
 James Gruber 

James
 Gruber 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

(Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

84 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Each
person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints each of Sean Brynjelsen and James Gruber, his or her true and lawful
attorney-in-fact and agent, each with full power of substitution and resubstitution, severally, for him or her and in his or her
name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc., and any or
all amendments thereto, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the
Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each
and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully to all intents and purposes as he
might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent or his substitute or
substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. This power of attorney may be executed in
counterparts. 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/
 Sean E. Brynjelsen 

President,
 Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Sean
 E. Brynjelsen 
 
 (Principal
 Executive Officer) 

/s/
 James Gruber 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer, Treasurer and Secretary 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 James
 Gruber 
 
 (Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/
 Jennifer M. Adams 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Jennifer
 M. Adams 

/s/
 Charles J. Casamento 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Charles
 J. Casamento 

/s/
 Paul V. Maier 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Paul
 V. Maier 

/s/
 Norbert G. Riedel, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 16, 2023 
 
 Norbert
 G. Riedel, Ph.D. 

85 

<EX-10.6>
 2
 ex10-6.htm

Exhibit 10.6 

</EX-10.6>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 ex23-1.htm

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING
FIRM 

We hereby consent to the incorporation by reference
in Registration Statement Nos. 333-228493 and 333-230572 on Form S-8 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-235329 and 333-240252 on Form
S-3 of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc., appearing in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K of Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

/s/ KMJ Corbin Company LLP 

Irvine, California 

 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Sean E. Brynjelsen, certify
that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Sean E. Brynjelsen 

Sean E. Brynjelsen 

Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 

 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a)
UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO
SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, James Gruber, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual
Report on Form 10-K of Eton Pharmaceuticals, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this
report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made,
in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the
financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition,
results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f))
for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable
assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness
of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the
disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any
change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably
likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other
certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies
and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James Gruber 

James Gruber 

Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit 32.1 

ETON PHARMACEUTICALS, INC. 
PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 
AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

Pursuant to the requirement set
forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter
63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), Sean E. Brynjelsen, President and Chief Executive Officer of Eton Pharmaceuticals,
Inc. (the Company ), and James Gruber, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of
his knowledge: 

1. The Company s
Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 (the Annual Report ), to which this Certification is attached
as Exhibit 32.1, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act; and 

2. The information contained
in the Annual Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , the
undersigned have set their hands hereto as of the 16 th day of March, 2023. 

/s/ Sean E. Brynjelsen 
 
 /s/ James Gruber 
 
 Sean E. Brynjelsen 
 
 James Gruber 

President and Chief Executive Officer 
 Principal Executive Officer 

Chief Financial Officer 
 Principal Financial and Accounting Officer 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Exchange Act (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 19
 eton-20221231.xsd
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 21
 eton-20221231_def.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 22
 eton-20221231_lab.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 23
 eton-20221231_pre.xml
 INLINE XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

