<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1862993_0001104659-23-028408.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5298928</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>451368</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>907158</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1565352</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>989832</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1287002</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001104659-23-028408.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303160341
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001104659-23-028408
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		54
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AP Acquisition Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001862993
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			E9
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41176
		FILM NUMBER:		23703752

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UGLAND HOUSE, PO BOX 309
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 3761 9182

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		UGLAND HOUSE, PO BOX 309
		CITY:			GRAND CAYMAN
		STATE:			E9
		ZIP:			KY1-1104

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001104659-23-028408.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 apca-20221231x10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 (Mark One) ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(D) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (Commission File Number) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol: Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered: Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).Yes No The aggregate market value of the voting shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022, computed by reference to the closing price for such shares on the Nasdaq Stock Market Nasdaq on such date, was . As of March 2, 2023, Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, and Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001, were issued and outstanding. Documents Incorporated by Reference: None. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS iii SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS iv PART I 1 Item 1. Business 1 Item 1A. Risk Factors 18 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 58 Item 2. Properties 58 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 58 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 58 PART II 58 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 58 Item 6. [Reserved] 59 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 59 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 63 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 63 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 63 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 63 Item 9B. Other Information 64 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 64 PART III 64 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 64 Item 11. Executive Compensation 74 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 74 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 76 Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services 77 PART IV 78 Item 15. Exhibit and Financial Statement Schedules 78 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 78 
 i 

Table of Contents 
 CERTAIN TERMS Unless otherwise stated in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this Report ), or the context otherwise requires, references to: Companies Act are to the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands as the same may be amended from time to time; equity-linked securities are to any debt or equity securities that are convertible, exercisable or exchangeable for our Class A ordinary shares issued in a financing transaction in connection with our initial business combination, including but not limited to a private placement of equity or debt; extension option are to our option, upon deposit of an additional 0.10 per public share (a total of 1,750,000) into the trust account, to extend the available time to consummate our initial business combination by three months. We may exercise the extension option up to two times by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor, allowing for up to an additional six months (for a total of 24 months) to complete a business combination; Extension Period is to any one of the two permitted additional three-month periods in which we have to consummate a business combination beyond 18 months pursuant to the exercise of an extension option by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor; founder shares are to our Class B ordinary shares initially issued to our initial shareholders in a private placement prior to the initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares that will be issued upon the automatic conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof (for the avoidance of doubt, such Class A ordinary shares will not be public shares initial shareholder are to holder of our founder shares prior to the initial public offering (including all of the founder shares that our sponsor will transfer to each of our three independent directors); management or our management team are to our executive officers and directors (including our directors that will become directors in connection with the consummation of the initial public offering); ordinary shares are to our Class A ordinary shares and our Class B ordinary shares; private placement warrants are to the warrants issued to our sponsor in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering; public shareholders are to the holders of our public shares, including our sponsor and management team to the extent our sponsor and/or members of our management team purchase public shares, provided that our sponsor s and each member of our management team s status as a public shareholder will only exist with respect to such public shares; public shares are to our Class A ordinary shares sold as part of the units in the initial public offering (whether they are purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); public warrants are to our warrants sold as part of the units in the initial public offering (whether they are purchased in the initial public offering or thereafter in the open market); sponsor are to AP Sponsor LLC, a Cayman Islands limited liability company; warrants are to our redeemable warrants, which include the public warrants as well as the private placement warrants to the extent that they are no longer held by the initial purchasers of the private placement warrants or their permitted transferees; and we, us, our, company, the Company or our company are to AP Acquisition Corp, a Cayman Islands exempted company. 
 ii 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS This Report, including, without limitation, statements under the heading Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, (the Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange Act ). These forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, projects, predicts, continue, or should, or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology. There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited to, any statements relating to our ability to consummate any acquisition or other business combination and any other statements that are not statements of current or historical facts. These statements are based on management s current expectations, but actual results may differ materially due to various factors, including, but not limited to: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; our ability to complete an initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; our ability to consummate an initial business combination due to the uncertainty resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or other significant outbreaks of infectious diseases); the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financial performance following our initial public offering. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this Report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk Factors may not be exhaustive. By their nature, forward-looking statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested by the forward-looking statements contained in this Report. In addition, even if our results or operations, financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this Report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 
 iii 

Table of Contents 
 SUMMARY OF RISK FACTORS The following is a summary of the principal risks described below in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We believe that the risks described in the Risk Factors section are material to investors, but other factors not presently known to us or that we currently believe are immaterial may also adversely affect us. The following summary should not be considered an exhaustive summary of the material risks facing us, and it should be read in conjunction with the Risk Factors section and the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We are an exempted company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of the target business we may acquire. The renewable energy, renewable technology and energy services and solutions sectors are rapidly evolving, and we may not have sufficient experience investing in certain areas within these sectors. We may face certain risks related to renewable energy, renewable technology and energy services and solutions sector companies. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 18 months after the initial public offering or during any Extension Period may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. We have the right, but not the obligation, to extend the term we have to consummate our initial business combination for up to an additional six months without providing our shareholders with voting or redemption rights relating thereto. Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. 
 iv 

Table of Contents 
 We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months after the initial public offering or during any Extension Period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 18 months following the initial public offering or during any Extension Period, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. 
 
 v 

Table of Contents 
 PART I ITEM 1. BUSINESS Overview We are a company incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Report as our initial business combination. We will not complete our initial business combination with a target that is headquartered China (including Hong Kong and Macau) or conducts a majority of its business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). On April 29, 2021, our sponsor made a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On October 22, 2021, the sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares for nil consideration which were cancelled, thereby reducing the aggregate number of founder shares held by the sponsor to 4,312,500, at approximately 0.006 per share. On November 24, 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 Founder Shares to each of our three independent directors for an aggregate price of 360. On December 21, 2021, the Company consummated its initial public offering of 17,250,000 units, including 2,250,000 units issued to the underwriter upon the full exercise of its over-allotment option, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 172.5 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 10.5 million, inclusive of 6.0 million in deferred underwriting commissions. Of the units sold, Tokyo Century Corporation Tokyo Century ), a strategic partner of the Company s sponsor, purchased an aggregate of 2,000,000 of the Company s units in the initial public offering at the initial public offering price. Each unit consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant (each, a Public Warrant ). Each whole Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we consummated the private placement Private Placement of 10,625,000 warrants (each, a Private Placement Warrant and collectively, the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor, at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds of approximately 10.6 million. Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share, subject to certain adjustments. Advantage Partners Advantage Partners is a leading Asian private equity firm with offices in Tokyo, Hong Kong, Shanghai and Singapore. Advantage Partners has one of the largest and most experienced teams of private equity professionals dedicated to the Japan and Asia markets. Advantage Partners, with a long history in Japanese private equity, established the first ever buyout fund in Japan in 1997. The Firm has since raised 11 private equity funds with a total size of approximately 5 billion including seven Japan buyout funds, one pan-Asia buyout fund and three public equity funds, focusing on management buyouts, corporate carve-outs, private investments in public equities and other opportunities. Advantage Partners invested in or acquired more than 100 separate companies representing total funds raised of approximately 5 billion. With its value enhancement approach, Advantage Partners has seen a long history of successful exits with more than 60 realized or partially-realized investments through either IPO or trade sales. Advantage Partners has unlocked the value of its portfolio companies with its edge in all three aspects of a buyout: sourcing, value enhancement, and exit. As the first Japanese private equity fund, Advantage Partners has established extensive relationships and networks including various proprietary sourcing channels. With operational improvement led by the experienced and dedicated teams mostly with management consulting backgrounds and cross-border value enhancement, a significant portion of our sponsor s cumulative historical returns have come from EBITDA growth, leading to proven success in exit transactions. Advantage Partners has strong capabilities in executing corporate carve-outs, including the examples of Fasford Technology (a former Hitachi company), United Cinemas (a former Sumitomo Corporation company), Nihon Kaisui (a former Asahi Kasei company), Xacti (a former Panasonic company), Fujitsu Interconnect Technologies (a former Fujitsu company), and Hisense Broadband Multimedia Technologies (a joint-venture with Hisense Group). Advantage Partners strong network and relationships with Asia and Japanese blue-chip companies provide unique and proprietary carve-out deal originations, leading to attractive entry valuations and a well proven post-acquisition management playbook to unlock the corporate value constrained under the previous parent companies. 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 In the case of Fasford Technology, funds serviced by Advantage Partners acquired the target company in 2015. The company was a semiconductor manufacturing equipment company, formally under the ownership of Hitachi High-Tech Corporation, a subsidiary of Hitachi Corp. The deal began as a limited auction process, but Advantage Partners was able to quickly secure exclusivity based on the seller s appreciation for Advantage Partners strong reputation and experience in effectively executing complex corporate carve-outs. Post-acquisition, Advantage Partners transformed the company into a strong stand-alone entity independent of its previous parent, building its own brand name Fasford Technology. Strengthening management and organizational capabilities, the company achieved significant improvements in manufacturing efficiencies and expanded its global sales reach. Advantage Partners exited in 2018 by selling to Fuji Corporation with an estimated MOIC of 11.8x. In the case of United Cinemas, funds serviced by Advantage Partners acquired United Cinemas in 2012. United Cinemas was a leading Japanese cinema complex operator. The deal was executed in the form of a carve-out from Sumitomo Corporation, a Japanese trading company. This deal was on a semi-proprietary basis, with access derived from Advantage Partners long relationship with Sumitomo Corporation. After the acquisition, Advantage Partners supported various value-add initiatives including the bolt-on acquisition of Kadokawa Cineplex, another Japanese cinema complex operator, accelerating investments in growth investments which were conservative under the previous parent. These investments include investments in IMAX and 4DX technologies, along with other technologies. As a result of this support, United Cinemas achieved a broader, more robust profit stream by increasing concession sales and advertising revenues. Advantage Partners exited this investment in 2014 with an estimated MOIC of 9.9x, and the deal was awarded Mid-cap Exit of the Year Award in Asia from AVCJ, the leading private equity industry journal in Asia. In the case of Nihon Kaisui, funds serviced by Advantage Partners invested in Nihon Kaisui, a salt manufacturer in Japan, in 2003. The deal took the form of a carve-out combining two separate subsidiaries of Asahi Kasei. The deal was sourced on a proprietary basis through Advantage Partners proactive targeting approach, and subsequently resulted in the merger of two companies, Shin Nihon Salt and Akoh Kaisui, to form Nihon Kaisui. Post-acquisition, Advantage Partners supported the company to integrate the two organizations into a stand-alone structure by strengthening management and organizational capabilities. Advantage Partners also executed two additional bolt-on acquisitions, acquiring Sanuki Engyo, a competitor in salt manufacturing, and Urashima Nori, a downstream seaweed products manufacturer. This industry consolidation play combined three of the six legacy domestic salt manufacturers with diverse, complementary geographic footprints to become one of the leading salt companies in Japan. Advantage Partners exited this investment in 2007 with an estimated MOIC of 5.0x. Advantage Partners also has vast experience in managing listed companies and has executed a number of minority private investments into public equities (PIPEs). Of the over 100 companies in which Advantage Partners has invested, Advantage Partners has invested more than 30 in PIPEs, mostly through private placement issuances, and is recognized as one of the most experienced Asia private equity firms to invest and generate returns in PIPEs. We believe Advantage Partners proven track record, proprietary industry and financial expertise, operational improvement experiences, extensive networks and relationships, as well as capabilities to partner with management teams to create and unlock value, will significantly benefit our business combination target. Business Strategy Our business strategy is to identify and complete our initial business combination with a company whose operations are in the de-carbonization / renewable energy sectors, with a particular focus in Japan / Asia (excluding China) and European markets, and complement the experience of our management team and can benefit from our operational expertise. Our selection process leverages our management team s broad, unique industry expertise and proven deal-sourcing capabilities to provide us with a strong pipeline of potential targets. Our management team and directors have experience in: investing in businesses globally and enabling them to build their business and gain market access across European and Asian markets and beyond; investing in the renewable energy space, especially in Europe, which is the frontier in terms of de-carbonization; investing in quality businesses by means of corporate carve-outs from Japanese conglomerates to unlock and realize incremental value; partnering with management teams to drive value creation and long-term strategies; 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 developing and growing companies, both organically and inorganically, in a broad range of industries; managing and operating companies, setting and changing strategies, and identifying, mentoring and recruiting top-notch talent; successfully identifying and executing large M A transactions; and accessing the capital markets across the business cycle, including securing funding from other reputable investors and lenders, and assisting companies with the transition to public ownership. 
 Following the completion of the initial public offering, we have begun the process of pursuing and reviewing potential opportunities. Market Opportunity While the areas set forth below represent our primary areas of focus, this is by no means an exhaustive list. Management will continue to explore high growth investment opportunities within the ESG space. Renewable operators / developers: Continuing strong growth of renewable energy is expected to be led by wind and solar. Renewable energy increased by a record amount, accounting for over 40 of the growth in primary energy in 2019, according to BP Statistical Review of World Energy 2020. We believe the global economy s transition towards the sustainable use of energy presents a significant amount of attractive investment opportunities within the renewables market, and this is expected to last for the next few decades given renewables only accounted for c.11 of the world s primary energy share in 2019. There is urgency to de-carbonize the economy and a wide range of industries is transitioning to a more sustainable model with the support from favorable regulatory frameworks incentivizing the adoption of sustainable practice and technologies, which are expected to support the growth of the renewable sector. Renewable technologies: Offshore wind installation and vessel management: Grid-connected offshore wind capacity additions reached 5.9 GW in 2019, 40 higher than in 2018, as per the International Energy Agency (IEA). China, UK and Germany are the leaders in recent offshore wind development. Under current investment plans and policies, the global offshore wind market is set to expand by a 13 CAGR, exceeding 20GW of additions per year by 2030. Installation and maintenance of offshore wind turbines and foundations require professional services including design, engineering, procurement, construction and installation of the foundations, inter array cables and offshore substation, and most importantly transportation of the wind turbines. Furthermore, high performing vessels are specifically designed to overcome harsh offshore environment and to comply with the stringent maritime regulations required in various countries. Cable technologies: From building offshore power connectors to communication networks, cable technologies and related solutions are commonly used in our daily life and throughout many industries. The growing trend in global renewable development, for example in offshore wind, could drive the development and investment in higher efficiency and eco-friendly energy transmission technologies, such as superconductors, submarine cable technology and smart distribution technology. Additionally, rising adoption of data transmission and datacenter have also led the development of fiber / optical cable industries with various technological advancements including minimize insertion loss and hacking prevention. Energy storage / batteries and components: Energy storage technologies can be used for a wide variety of applications in the power, transportation and industrial sectors, from stationary energy storage systems, to uninterruptible power supply, to utility-scale storage. Utility scale solutions for grid stability and resilience will become increasingly essential as intermittent resources, primarily wind and solar generation, are expected to dominate on-grid and off-grid generation. Continuous investment and R D in the advancement of battery technologies, such as increasing energy density, extending battery life and reducing charging time will also drive the growth of the market. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Energy Services and Solutions: With favorable government policies and rising public awareness, there has been increasing demand from the industrial, commercial and household customers for energy services and solutions, with a focus on the EV value chain, energy supply and optimization. With the rising demand for EVs supported by government policies, there lies great potential for EV charging technologies, EV batteries and related components to support the growing number of EVs on the road. Additionally, energy services and solutions providers have developed a wide range of state-of-the-art technology products targeting energy supply and optimization, including microgrid, residential and commercial storage systems, virtual power plants, smart meters, smart home technologies, rooftop solar panels, batteries, heat storage and smart chargers. Acquisition Criteria Consistent with our business strategy, we have identified the following general criteria and guidelines that we believe are critical to evaluating prospective companies within our targeted sub-sectors: Companies in the energy transition sector with a potential high impact on de-carbonization and sustainability; Ability to be a globally competitive business with the opportunity to expand in high-growth Asian and global markets; Opportunities for growth, organically or through add-on acquisitions, in a short to medium term time horizon; Quality and track record of the management with solid execution capabilities, entrepreneurial drive, dynamic corporate culture and demonstrated leadership in target markets; and Ability and readiness to benefit from access to the public market. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, these criteria and guidelines are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular initial business combination may or may not be based, to the extent relevant, on these general criteria and guidelines as well as other considerations, factors, criteria and guidelines that our management may deem relevant. However, we will not complete our initial business combination with a target that is headquartered China (including Hong Kong and Macau) or conducts a majority of its business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Competitive Strengths We believe that with Advantage Partners and our management team s different backgrounds combined, the sourcing, evaluation, diligence and execution capabilities of our management team provides us with a significant pipeline of opportunities from which to evaluate and select a target for an initial business combination that will benefit from our extensive experience. Our competitive strengths include the following: Strong expertise in improving an investee company s performance by governance, operations, and organizations; Long accumulated know-how and experience in consulting and management skill sets; Well-established reputation and connections in the Asian / Japanese markets as well as Europe; Proved experience in investing in renewable and de-carbonizing businesses; Proprietary access and senior contacts with Japanese and European corporate executives in renewable and de-carbonization businesses; Differentiated geographic focus on European and Asian markets; and Rich untapped pipeline that is underserved from a SPAC perspective. 

 4 

Table of Contents 
 Our Acquisition Process In evaluating a prospective target business, we conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. Certain of our officers and directors own founder shares following the initial offering and, accordingly, have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Further, such officers and directors have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors presently have, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities including, but not limited to, Advantage Partners. As a result, such officers or directors may be required to present a business combination opportunity to such other entities subject to their fiduciary or other duties. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us and we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company and it is an opportunity that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor or form other special purpose acquisition companies similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial business combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Furthermore, our directors and officers are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Initial Business Combination So long as our securities are then listed on the NYSE, our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of the net assets held in the trust account (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the trust account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with our initial business combination. We refer to this as the 80 of fair market value test. The fair market value of the target or targets will be determined by our board of directors based upon one or more standards generally accepted by the financial community (such as actual and potential sales, earnings, cash flow and/or book value). Even though our board of directors will rely on generally accepted standards, our board of directors will have discretion to select the standards employed. In addition, the application of the standards generally involves a substantial degree of judgment. Accordingly, investors will be relying on the business judgment of the board of directors in evaluating the fair market value of the target or targets. The proxy solicitation materials or tender offer documents used by us in connection with any proposed initial business combination will provide public shareholders with our analysis of our satisfaction of the 80 of fair market value test, as well as the basis for our determinations. If our board of directors is not able to independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of the Financial Industry Regulatory Authority, or FINRA, or an independent accounting firm with respect to the satisfaction of such criteria. While we consider it unlikely that our board will not be able to make an independent determination of the fair market value of a target business or businesses, it may be unable to do so if the board is less familiar or experienced with the target company s business, if there is a significant amount of uncertainty as to the value of the company s assets or prospects, including if such company is at an early stage of development, operations or growth, or if the anticipated transaction involves a complex financial analysis or other specialized skills and the board determines that outside expertise would be helpful or necessary in conducting such analysis. Since any opinion, if obtained, would merely state that the fair market value of the target business meets the 80 of fair market value test, unless such opinion includes material information regarding the valuation of a target business or the consideration to be provided, it is not anticipated that copies of such opinion would be distributed to our shareholders. However, if required under applicable law, any proxy statement that we deliver to shareholders and file with the SEC in connection with a proposed initial business combination will include such opinion. We anticipate structuring our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own or acquire 100 of the equity interests or assets of the target business or businesses. We may, however, structure our initial business combination such that the post-business combination company owns or acquires less than 100 of such interests or assets of the target business in order to meet certain objectives of the target management team or shareholders or for other reasons, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended, or the Investment Company Act. Even if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 controlling interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares, our shareholders immediately prior to our initial business combination could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares subsequent to our initial business combination. If less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business or businesses are owned or acquired by the post-business combination company, the portion of such business or businesses that is owned or acquired is what will be valued for purposes of the 80 of fair market value test. If the business combination involves more than one target business, the 80 of fair market value test will be based on the aggregate value of all of the target businesses. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. If our securities are not then listed on the NYSE for whatever reason, we would no longer be required to meet the foregoing 80 of fair market value test. To the extent we effect our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Other Considerations We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Our management team is regularly made aware of potential business opportunities, one or more of which we may desire to pursue for a business combination. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. However, we do not currently expect that any such other blank check company would materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating management time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. Status as a Public Company We believe our structure makes us an attractive business combination partner to target businesses. As an existing public company, we offer a target business an alternative to the traditional initial public offering through a merger or other business combination with us. In a business combination transaction with us, the owners of the target business may, for example, exchange their shares of stock, shares or other equity interests in the target business for our Class A ordinary shares (or shares of a new holding company) or for a combination of our Class A ordinary shares and cash, allowing us to tailor the consideration to the specific needs of the sellers. We believe target businesses will find this method a more expeditious and cost effective method to becoming a public company than the typical initial public offering. The typical initial public offering process takes a significantly longer period of time than the typical business combination transaction process, and there are significant expenses in the initial public offering process, including underwriting discounts and commissions, that may not be present to the same extent in connection with a business combination with us. Furthermore, once a proposed business combination is completed, the target business will have effectively become public, whereas an initial public offering is always subject to the underwriter s ability to complete the offering, as well as general market conditions, which could delay or prevent the offering from occurring or have negative valuation consequences. Once public, we believe the target business would then have greater access to capital, an additional means of providing management incentives consistent with shareholders interests and the ability to use its shares as currency for acquisitions. Being a public company can offer further benefits by augmenting a company s profile among potential new customers and vendors and aid in attracting talented employees. While we believe that our structure and our management team s backgrounds makes us an attractive business partner, some potential target businesses may view our status as a blank check company, such as our lack of an operating history and our ability to seek shareholder approval of any proposed initial business combination, negatively. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter or (2) our annual revenues are less than 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. Financial Position Upon the closing of our initial public offering, approximately 177.7 million of the net proceeds were placed in a trust account Trust Account located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations, as determined by us, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) the distribution of the Trust Account. Because we are able to complete our initial business combination using our cash, debt or equity securities, or a combination of the foregoing, we have the flexibility to use the most efficient combination that will allow us to tailor the consideration to be paid to the target business to fit its needs and desires. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations for an indefinite period of time following the initial public offering. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into following the consummation of the initial public offering or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing or other sources. We may seek to complete our initial business combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. If our initial business combination is paid for using equity or debt, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial business combination or the redemption of our public shares, we may apply the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account for general corporate purposes, including for the maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-business combination company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial business combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We may need to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination, either because the transaction requires more cash than is available from the proceeds held in our trust account, or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon the completion of the business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. There are no prohibitions on our ability to issue securities or incur debt in connection with our initial business combination. Other than the potential availability of the backstop arrangement with our sponsor, we are not currently a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities, the incurrence of debt or otherwise. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 Sources of Target Businesses Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since some of these sources will have read this Report and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates that they become aware of through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of finder s fees is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse our sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial business combination. Some of our officers and directors may enter into employment or consulting agreements with the post-business combination company following our initial business combination. The presence or absence of any such fees or arrangements will not be used as a criterion in our selection process of an acquisition candidate. We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity subject to his or her fiduciary duties. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. See Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct an extensive due diligence review that may encompass, as applicable and among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities and a review of financial and other information about the target and its industry. We also utilize our management team s operational and capital planning experience. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the business combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial business combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial business combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another business combination. The company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon the Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of the initial business combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the trust account is currently 10.30 per public share. The per-share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriter. The redemption rights will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of our initial business combination with respect to our warrants. Further, we will not proceed with redeeming our public shares, even if a public shareholder has properly elected to redeem its shares, if a business combination does not close. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). However, the proposed business combination may require: (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash to be transferred to the target for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions in accordance with the terms of the proposed business combination. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. In addition, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests in connection with an amendment we seek to make to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of our initial business combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the business combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would typically require shareholder approval. We currently intend to conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote unless shareholder approval is not required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or we choose to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC for business or other reasons. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on the NYSE, we will be required to comply with the NYSE rules. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 If we held a shareholder vote to approve our initial business combination, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules; and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon the completion of the initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum for such meeting will be present if holders of one-third of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need (i) 6,468,751, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted) or (ii) 4,468,751, or 25.9 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and Tokyo Century votes its shares in favor of our initial business combination) of the 17,250,000 public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or vote at all. In addition, our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of a business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. If we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers; and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial business combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 Upon the public announcement of our initial business combination, if we elect to conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, we and our sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5-1 to purchase our Class A ordinary shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-1(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial business combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete such initial business combination. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 Limitation on Redemption upon the Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), is restricted from redeeming its public shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as Excess Shares, without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed business combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering without our prior consent, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial business combination, particularly in connection with a business combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights Public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, are required to either tender their certificates (if any) to our transfer agent prior to the date set forth in the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, mailed to such holders, or to deliver their shares to the transfer agent electronically using The Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/ Withdrawal At Custodian) System, at the holder s option, in each case up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote to approve the business combination. The proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will indicate the applicable delivery requirements, which will include the requirement that a beneficial holder must identify itself in order to validly redeem its shares. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, or up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination if we distribute proxy materials, as applicable, to tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. Given the relatively short period in which to exercise redemption rights, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced tendering process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC System. The transfer agent will typically charge the tendering broker a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. The foregoing is different from the procedures used by many blank check companies. In order to perfect redemption rights in connection with their business combinations, many blank check companies would distribute proxy materials for the shareholders vote on an initial business combination, and a holder could simply vote against a proposed business combination and check a box on the proxy card indicating such holder was seeking to exercise his or her redemption rights. After the business combination was approved, the company would contact such shareholder to arrange for him or her to deliver his or her certificate to verify ownership. As a result, the shareholder then had an option window after the completion of the business combination during which he or she could monitor the price of the company s shares in the market. If the price rose above the redemption price, he or she could sell his or her shares in the open market before actually delivering his or her shares to the company for cancellation. As a result, the redemption rights, to which shareholders were aware they needed to commit before the general meeting, would become option rights surviving past the completion of the business combination until the redeeming holder delivered its certificate. The requirement for physical or electronic delivery prior to the meeting ensures that a redeeming shareholders election to redeem is irrevocable once the business combination is approved. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to two business days prior to the initially scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the business combination, unless otherwise agreed to by us. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial business combination. If our initial business combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed business combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a business combination with a different target until 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period. Extensions of time to complete business combination If we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months, we may extend the available time to consummate our initial business combination by an additional three-month period by resolution of our board if requested by our sponsor. In order to exercise the extension option, our sponsor must deposit into the trust account 0.10 per share (a total of 1,750,000) on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline. The extension option may only be exercised up to two times, allowing for up to an additional six months (for a total of 24 months) to complete a business combination. The sponsor or its affiliates or designees will receive a non-interest bearing, unsecured promissory note equal to the amount of any such deposit that will not be repaid in the event that we are unable to close a business combination unless there are funds available outside the trust account to do so. Such notes would either be paid upon consummation of our initial business combination, or, at the lender s discretion, converted upon consummation of our business combination into additional private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant. In the event that we receive notice from the sponsor five days prior to the applicable deadline of its intent to exercise an extension option, we intend to issue a press release announcing such intention to exercise the extension option at least three days prior to the applicable deadline. In addition, we intend to issue a press release the day after the applicable deadline announcing whether the funds were timely deposited. The sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. Any notes issued pursuant to these loans would be in addition to any notes issued pursuant to working capital loans made to us. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that we have only 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during an Extension Period to consummate an initial business combination. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during an Extension Period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There is no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during an Extension Period. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares they hold if we fail to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during an Extension Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe). 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during an Extension period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time, and all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. This redemption right shall apply in the event of the approval of any such amendment, whether proposed by our sponsor, officer, director, or any other person. All costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the 1,190,000 held outside the trust account plus up to 100,000 of funds from the trust account available to us to pay dissolution expenses, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be 10.30. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be less than 10.30. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.30 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.30 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the amount of interest that may be withdrawn to pay our income tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.30 per public share. We seek to reduce the possibility that our sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to 1,190,000 following the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors, however, such liability will not be greater than the amount of funds from our trust account received by any such shareholder. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.30 per public share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during an Extension Period, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during an Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of the initial business combination. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during an Extension Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial business combination, a shareholders voting in connection with the business combination alone will not result in a shareholders redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses is limited by our available financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial business combination. Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 10 Collyer Quay, #37-00 Ocean Financial Center, Singapore. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we pay to our sponsor for office space, administrative and support services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We have one executive officer. This individual is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but he intends to devote as much of his time as he deems necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time he devotes in any time period varies based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination and the stage of the business combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Periodic Reporting and Financial Information We have registered our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, our annual reports contains financial statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. We will provide shareholders with audited financial statements of the prospective target business as part of the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, sent to shareholders. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or reconciled to, GAAP, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances, and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. We cannot assure you that any particular target business identified by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with the requirements outlined above, or that the potential target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with the requirements outlined above. To the extent that these requirements cannot be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates, we do not believe that this limitation is material. We are required to evaluate and report on our internal control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. A target business may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls. The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 We have filed a Registration Statement on Form 8-A with the SEC to voluntarily register our securities under Section 12 of the Exchange Act. As a result, we are subject to the rules and regulations promulgated under the Exchange Act. We have no current intention of filing a Form 15 to suspend our reporting or other obligations under the Exchange Act prior or subsequent to the consummation of our initial business combination. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company. Exempted companies are Cayman Islands companies conducting business mainly outside the Cayman Islands and, as such, are exempted from complying with certain provisions of the Companies Act. As an exempted company, we have applied for and received a tax exemption undertaking from the Cabinet Office of the Cayman Islands that, in accordance with the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, for a period of 20 years from April 26, 2021, no law which is thereafter enacted in the Cayman Islands imposing any tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations will apply to us or our operations and, in addition, that no tax to be levied on profits, income, gains or appreciations or which is in the nature of estate duty or inheritance tax will be payable (i) on or in respect of our shares, debentures or other obligations or (ii) by way of the withholding in whole or in part of any relevant payment as defined in the Tax Concessions Act (As Revised). We are an emerging growth company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act. As such, we are eligible to take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a non-binding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the prices of our securities may be more volatile. In addition, Section 107 of the JOBS Act also provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of the extended transition period provided in Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act for complying with new or revised accounting standards. In other words, an emerging growth company can delay the adoption of certain accounting standards until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter or (2) our annual revenues are less than 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Report and our other filings with the SEC, before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risks Relating to our Search for, Consummation of, or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination and Post-Business Combination Risks We are a company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a Cayman Islands exempted company with no operating results. Because we lack a substantial operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination with one or more target businesses. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Past performance by our management team or their respective affiliates may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us or in the future performance of the target business we may acquire. Information regarding performance is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience or performance of our management team and their respective affiliates is not a guarantee of either (i) our ability to successfully identify and execute a transaction or (ii) success with respect to any business combination that we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical record of our management team or their respective affiliates as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to, generate going forward. Our shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination even though a majority of our shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote before we complete our initial business combination if the business combination would not require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. For instance, if we were seeking to acquire a target business where the consideration we were paying in the transaction was all cash, we would typically not be required to seek shareholder approval to complete such a transaction. Except for as required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares do not approve of the business combination we complete. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any target businesses. Since our board of directors may complete a business combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such shareholder approval. Accordingly, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor and members of our management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares following the completion of the initial public offering. Our initial shareholders also may from time to time purchase Class A ordinary shares prior to our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholder holding a majority of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum for such meeting will be present if holders of one-third of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders founder shares, we would need (i) 6,468,751, or 37.5 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted) or (ii) 4,468,751, or 25.9 (assuming all issued and outstanding shares are voted and Tokyo Century votes its shares in favor of our initial business combination) of the 17,250,000 public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of an initial business combination in order to have our initial business combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, the quorum and voting thresholds and the agreement by our sponsor and each member of our management team to vote in favor of our initial business combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial business combination. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a business combination transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination or seek to revise the terms of such business combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial business combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If a large number of shares are submitted for redemption, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for additional third-party financing. Raising additional third-party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and, after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. The requirement that we consummate an initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a business combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering unless we obtain the required approval by resolution of our board for any Extension Period. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular target business then we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. We have the right, but not the obligation, to extend the term we have to consummate our initial business combination for up to an additional six months without providing our shareholders with voting or redemption rights relating thereto. If we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months, and subject to the resolution of our board and our sponsor depositing additional funds into the trust account, we have the option to extend our time to consummate a business combination for up to two additional three-month periods, for a total of up to 24 months to complete a business combination. Each extension will occur as long as our sponsor or its affiliates or designees, on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, deposits into the trust account 1,750,000 0.10 per public share) on or prior to the date of the 18-month or extended deadline (in which case the deadline is 21 months). Any such payment would be made in the form of a non-interest bearing loan. If we complete our initial business combination, we will, at the option of the lender, repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to us or convert a portion or all of the total loan amounts into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant, which warrants will be identical to the private placement warrants. If we do not complete a business combination, we will repay such loans only from any funds held outside of the trust account. Because such extensions only require the resolution of our board, our public shareholders will not be entitled to vote or redeem their shares in connection with any such extension. As a result, we may conduct such an extension even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such an extension and will not be able to redeem their shares in connection therewith. This feature is different from the traditional special purpose acquisition company structure, in which any extension of the company s period to complete a business combination requires a vote of the company s shareholders and shareholders have the right to redeem their public shares in connection with such vote. Our sponsor and its affiliates or designees are not obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial business combination. Our sponsor may decide not to extend the term we have to consummate our initial business combination, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, and the warrants will be worthless. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 Our search for a business combination, and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by the coronavirus (COVID-19) outbreak and the status of debt and equity markets. In December 2019, a novel strain of coronavirus was reported to have surfaced in Wuhan, China, which has and is continuing to spread throughout China and other parts of the world, including the United States. The World Health Organization declared the outbreak of COVID-19 a Public Health Emergency of International Concern on January 30, 2020 and a pandemic on March 11, 2020. The COVID-19 outbreak has resulted in, and a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases could result in, a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a business combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 continues to restrict travel and limit our ability to have meetings with potential investors or the target company s personnel, vendors and service providers and to consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 impacts our search for a business combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of COVID-19 and the actions to contain COVID-19 or treat its impact, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern continue for an extensive period of time, our ability to consummate a business combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing, which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events, including as a result of increased market volatility and decreased market liquidity. We may not be able to consummate an initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and consummate an initial business combination within 18 months after the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets, geopolitical tension and the other risks described herein. For example, the outbreak of COVID-19 continues to grow both in the U.S. and globally and, while the extent of the impact of the outbreak on us will depend on future developments, it could limit our ability to complete our initial business combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and other crises or events, such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. It may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factor section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross-border transactions. Furthermore, on March 30, 2022, the SEC issued the SPAC Rule Proposals relating, among other items, to disclosures in SEC filings in connection with business combination transactions between SPACs such as us and private operating companies; the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential initial business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase the costs and time of negotiating and completing a business combination, and may make it more difficult to complete an initial business combination. The need for compliance with the SPAC Rule Proposals may also cause us to liquidate the funds in the Trust Account or liquidate the Company at an earlier time than we might otherwise choose. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 If we have not consummated an initial business combination within such applicable time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. In either such case, our public shareholders may receive only 10.30 per public share, or less than 10.30 per public share, on the redemption of their shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination, our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase public shares or warrants, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination and reduce the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase public shares or warrants in such transactions. In the event that our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates purchase public shares or warrants in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial business combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial business combination. The purpose of any such transaction could be to (i) vote in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the business combination, (ii) reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination or (iii) satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A ordinary shares or public warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination, or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly redeem or tender public shares. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these procedures, its shares may not be redeemed. See Item 1. Business Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Tendering Share Certificates in Connection with a Tender Offer or Redemption Rights. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Our public shareholders are entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (ii) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the trust account upon the subsequent completion of an initial business combination or liquidation if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants also will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. The NYSE may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. We have been approved to list our units on the NYSE. Although we meet the minimum initial listing standards set forth in the NYSE listing standards, we cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on the NYSE in the future or prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on the NYSE prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum market capitalization and a minimum number of holders of our securities. Additionally, our units will not be traded after the completion of our initial business combination and, in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with the NYSE initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than the NYSE continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on the NYSE. For instance, in order for our Class A ordinary shares to be listed upon the consummation of our initial business combination, at such time, our share price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share. If the NYSE delists any of our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect such securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A ordinary shares are a penny stock, which will require brokers trading in our Class A ordinary shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 

 23 

Table of Contents 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because our units and our Class A ordinary shares and warrants are listed on the NYSE, our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of covered securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on the NYSE, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with a target business, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and have filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our units were immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A ordinary shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, then, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its public shares with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as the Excess Shares, without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for business combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess greater technical, human and other resources or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial business combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial business combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.30 per public share and other risk factors herein. The renewable energy, renewable technology and energy services and solutions sectors are rapidly evolving, and we, our sponsor and Advantage Partners may not have sufficient experience investing in certain areas within these sectors. This may have a negative impact on our ability to consummate a business combination. Our targeted sectors for our initial business combination include the renewable energy, renewable technology and energy services and solutions sectors, which are broad sectors that encompass many different areas. While our management team has significant experience in the renewable energy sector as a whole, the renewable energy, renewable technology and energy services and solutions investment sectors are rapidly evolving, and we, our sponsor and Advantage Partners may not have relevant experience in certain areas within the sectors that we are targeting. To the extent that we pursue opportunities in areas where we have more limited experience, our ability to successfully identify and consummate our initial business combination may be negatively impacted. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies preparing for an initial public offering, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, as more special purpose acquisition companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause target companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive business combinations could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate for the 18 months following the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and our ability to complete our initial business combination, and we will depend on loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team to fund our search and to complete our initial business combination. The funds available to us outside of the trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 18 months or during any Extension Period, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. Management s plans to address this need for capital through the initial public offering and potential loans from certain of our affiliates are discussed in the section of this Report titled Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. However, our affiliates are not obligated to make loans to us in the future, and we may not be able to raise additional financing from unaffiliated parties necessary to fund our expenses. Any such event in the future may negatively impact the analysis regarding our ability to continue as a going concern at such time. Of the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 1,190,000 was available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account, together with funds available from loans from our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team, will be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the 18 months following the closing of the initial public offering; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate, and our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team are under no obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Of the funds available to us, we expect to use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our sponsor, its affiliates, members of our management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team is under any obligation to us in such circumstances. Any such advances may be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon the completion of our initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans made available from our sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender, which would be identical to the private placement warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our sponsor, its affiliates or members of our management team as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.30 per public share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.30 per public share and other risk factors herein. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Subsequent to our completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructure our operations or incur impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and the price of our securities, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues with a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise, and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.30 per public share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent registered public accounting firm), prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements, they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more beneficial to us than any alternative. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third-party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the ten years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.30 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to a letter agreement, our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent registered public accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.30 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, our sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 However, we have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations nor have we independently verified whether our sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations, and we believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.30 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. The securities in which we invest the proceeds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the interest income available for payment of taxes or reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.30 per share. The net proceeds of our initial public offering and certain proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants are held in an interest-bearing trust account. The proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in direct U.S. Treasury obligations having a maturity of 185 days or less, or in certain money market funds which invest only in direct U.S. Treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. Treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event of very low or negative yields, the amount of interest income (which we may withdraw to pay income taxes, if any) would be reduced. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income. If the balance of the trust account is reduced below 177,675,000 as a result of negative interest rates, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.30 per share. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.30 per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay our tax obligations, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.30 per public share. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our executive officers and directors. We have agreed to indemnify our executive officers and directors to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our executive officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify our executive officers and directors may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our executive officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our executive officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholders investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our executive officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court may seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares. If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our officers and directors who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable for a fine of 18,292.68 and imprisonment for five years in the Cayman Islands. We may not hold an annual general meeting until after the consummation of our initial business combination. In accordance with the NYSE corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on the NYSE. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or extraordinary general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management. We may seek investment opportunities with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, including a company which has recently exited the bankruptcy or restructuring process, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine. These risks include volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 We may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors that may or may not be outside of our management s area of expertise. We will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination target is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination target, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the initial public offering than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a business combination target. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the information contained in this Report regarding the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial business combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent accounting or investment banking firm, and, consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial significance tests include historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure in periodic reports. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America, or GAAP, or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board, or IFRS, depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States), or PCAOB. These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. Resources could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate a business combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial business combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 (so that we do not then become subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result, we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial business combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A ordinary shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all Class A ordinary shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate business combination or seek to revise the terms of such business combination. In order to effectuate an initial business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, extended the time to consummate an initial business combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require at least a special resolution of our shareholders as a matter of Cayman Islands law, meaning it has been approved by either (i) the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares (or any higher threshold specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of our company or (ii) if so authorized by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which will require the approval of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company which shall include the affirmative vote of holders of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares) may be amended if approved either by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law) or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company, and amending our warrant agreement will require a vote of holders of at least 50 of the public warrants and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of any of the securities offered hereby, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval of a special resolution, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial business combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Some other blank check companies have a provision in their charter that prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including those which relate to the rights of a company s shareholders, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s shareholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions typically requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that any of its provisions related to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of private placement warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, meaning the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of at least 65 of our ordinary shares; provided that the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association governing the appointment or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination may only be amended by a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company which shall include the affirmative vote of holders of a simple majority of our Class B ordinary shares or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. Our sponsor and its permitted transferees, if any, who collectively beneficially own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-business combination behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then-outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our sponsor, executive officers, or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Although we believe that the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants will be sufficient to allow us to complete our initial business combination, we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. If the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants prove to be insufficient, either because of the size of our initial business combination, the depletion of the available net proceeds in search of a target business, the obligation to redeem for cash a significant number of shares from shareholders who elect redemption in connection with our initial business combination or the terms of negotiated transactions to purchase public shares or warrants in connection with our initial business combination, we may be required to seek additional financing or to abandon the proposed business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. The current economic environment may make it difficult for companies to obtain acquisition financing. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. We may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. To the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large, complex business or entity with a complex operating structure, we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller, less complex organization. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may affect our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any holders who choose to retain their securities following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. We may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We and our officers and directors have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our Class A ordinary shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A ordinary shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may only be able to complete one business combination with the proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business that may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from our initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants provided us with 171,637,500 that we may use to complete our initial business combination (after taking into account the 6,037,500 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account and the non-reimbursed expenses of the initial public offering). We may effectuate our initial business combination with a single-target business or multiple-target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities that may have the resources to complete several business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 dependent upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. We may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. We may engage the underwriter or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. The underwriter is entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust account only on a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause the underwriter to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. We may engage the underwriter or one of its affiliates to provide additional services to us after the initial public offering, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay the underwriter or its affiliates fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in an arm s length negotiation; provided that no agreement will be entered into with the underwriter or its affiliates and no fees or other compensation for such services will be paid to the underwriter or its affiliates prior to the date that is 60 days from December 16, 2021, unless such payment would not be deemed underwriter s compensation in connection with the initial public offering. The underwriter is also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The fact that the underwriter or its affiliates financial interests are tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Relating to our Securities Tokyo Century, a strategic partner of our sponsor, could reduce the public float for our securities, and could negatively impact the trading price and trading liquidity of our shares. Tokyo Century, a strategic partner of our sponsor, purchased an aggregate of 2,000,000 of our units in the initial public offering at the initial public offering price. Tokyo Century would reduce the available public float for our securities if it holds these securities long-term, which could negatively impact the trading price and trading liquidity of our units. If Tokyo Century votes the shares underlying such units in favor of our initial business combination, the additional public shares sold in the initial public offering to be voted in favor of our initial business combination to have our initial business combination approved will be significantly reduced. In addition, this significant concentration of ownership may adversely affect the trading price of our units because investors often perceive disadvantages in owning equity interests in companies with concentrated ownership, and might make it more difficult to complete a business combination with targets that would prefer to enter into a transaction with a special purpose acquisition corporation with less concentrated ownership. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. As described above, the SPAC Rule Proposals relating to, among other things, circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a SPAC to file a report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to the SPAC s initial public offering. Such SPAC would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to its initial public offering. There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that has not entered into a definitive agreement within 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to its initial public offering or that does not complete its initial business combination within 24 months after such date. We have not entered into a definitive business combination agreement as of the date of this Report, and may not be able to complete our initial business combination within 24 months after the effective date of the registration statement relating to our IPO. The longer that the funds in the Trust Account are held in short-term U.S. government securities or in money market funds invested exclusively in such securities, even prior to the 24-month anniversary, there is a greater risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company. As a result, it is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate and dissolve. If we are required to liquidate and dissolve, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our stock following such a transaction. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions on the nature of our investments and restrictions on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial business combination. In addition, we may be subject to burdensome requirements, including registration as an investment company with the SEC, adoption of a specific form of corporate structure, and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations that we are currently not subject to, and we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete an initial business combination and instead be required to liquidate and dissolve. If we are required to liquidate and dissolve, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our stock following such a transaction. 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 In order not to be regulated as an investment company under the Investment Company Act, unless we can qualify for an exclusion, we must ensure that we are engaged primarily in a business other than investing, reinvesting or trading of securities and that our activities do not include investing, reinvesting, owning, holding or trading investment securities constituting more than 40 of our assets (exclusive of U.S. government securities and cash items) on an unconsolidated basis. Our business will be to identify and complete a business combination and thereafter to operate the post-transaction business or assets for the long term. We do not plan to buy businesses or assets with a view to resale or profit from their resale. We do not plan to buy unrelated businesses or assets or to be a passive investor. We do not believe that our principal activities will subject us to the Investment Company Act. To this end, the proceeds held in the trust account may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Pursuant to the trust agreement, the trustee is not permitted to invest in other securities or assets. By restricting the investment of the proceeds to these instruments, and by having a business plan targeted at acquiring and growing businesses for the long term (rather than on buying and selling businesses in the manner of a merchant bank or private equity fund), we intend to avoid being deemed an investment company within the meaning of the Investment Company Act. our initial public offering is not intended for persons who are seeking a return on investments in government securities or investment securities. The trust account is intended as a holding place for funds pending the earliest to occur of either: (i) the completion of our initial business combination; (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares; or (iii) absent our completing an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period, our return of the funds held in the trust account to our public shareholders as part of our redemption of the public shares. If we do not invest the proceeds as discussed above, we may be deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act. If we were deemed to be subject to the Investment Company Act, compliance with these additional regulatory burdens would require additional expenses for which we have not allotted funds and may hinder our ability to complete a business combination. If we have not consummated our initial business combination within the required time period, our public shareholders may receive only approximately 10.30 per public share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. Incentive plan after the completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares upon the conversion of the founder shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. After the initial public offering, there are 482,750,000 and 45,687,500 authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance, which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares, if any. The Class B ordinary shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. After the initial offering, there is no preference shares issued and outstanding. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares or preference shares to complete our initial business combination or under an employee incentive plan after the completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue Class A ordinary shares in connection with our redeeming the warrants or upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth herein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides, among other things, that prior to or in connection with our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote as a class with public shareholders on any initial business combination or on any other proposal presented to shareholders prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination or to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to extend the time the company has to consummate a business combination beyond 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or amend the forgoing provisions. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the initial public offering, which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B ordinary shares resulted in the issuance of Class A ordinary shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares; may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A ordinary shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A ordinary shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A ordinary shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; may have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the share ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; may adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A ordinary shares and/or warrants; and may not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 
 Unlike some other similarly structured blank check companies, our sponsor will receive additional Class A ordinary shares if we issue shares to consummate an initial business combination. The founder shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion will not have any redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account if we fail to consummate an initial business combination) at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all founder shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, 20 of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of the initial public offering, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial business combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued to any seller in the initial business combination and any private placement warrants issued to our sponsor, its affiliates or any members of our management team upon conversion of working capital loans (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance). In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one-to-one. This is different than some other similarly structured blank check companies in which the initial shareholders will only be issued an aggregate of 20 of the total number of ordinary shares to be outstanding prior to the initial business combination. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares or certain exemptions are available. If the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the registration under the Securities Act of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial business combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. If our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. You may only be able to exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer Class A ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The warrant agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the public warrants for redemption. If you exercise your public warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. As a result, you would receive fewer Class A ordinary shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants to expire worthless. We have not registered the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 30 business days after the closing of our initial business combination, we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the issuance of such shares, and we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days after the closing of our initial business combination and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise that represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current, complete or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the above requirements, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, in which case, the number of Class A ordinary shares that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). However, we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, but we will use our commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Exercising the warrants on a cashless basis could have the effect of reducing the potential upside of the holder s investment in our company because the warrant holder will hold a smaller number of Class A ordinary shares upon a cashless exercise of the warrants they hold. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the Class A ordinary shares included in the units. There may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the initial public offering. In such an instance, our sponsor and its permitted transferees (which may include our officers and directors) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the ordinary shares underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the underlying ordinary shares. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying Class A ordinary shares for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise their warrants. 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of our Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity or correcting any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement set forth in the 424B4 prospectus dated December 16, 2021, or defective provision, (ii) amending the provisions relating to cash dividends on ordinary shares as contemplated by and in accordance with the warrant agreement or (iii) adding or changing any provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties to the warrant agreement may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem to not adversely affect the rights of the registered holders of the warrants, provided that the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is required to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the private placement warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the private placement warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding private placement warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We have waived any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the warrant agreement do not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Accordingly, our exclusive forum provision does not relieve us of our duties to comply with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder, and holders of our warrants are not deemed to have waived our compliance with these laws, rules and regulations. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope the forum provisions of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. This choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise the warrants. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, we expect would be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we have the ability to redeem the outstanding public warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.10 per warrant upon a minimum of 30 days prior written notice of redemption provided that the last sales price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to proper notice of such redemption and provided that certain other conditions are met, including that holders will be able to exercise their warrants prior to redemption for a number of Class A ordinary shares determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares. The value received upon exercise of the warrants (i) may be less than the value the holders would have received if they had exercised their warrants at a later time where the underlying share price is higher and (ii) may not compensate the holders for the value of the warrants, including because the number of ordinary shares received is capped at 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment) irrespective of the remaining life of the warrants. None of the private placement warrants will be redeemable by us. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial business combination. We issued warrants to purchase 8,625,000 Class A ordinary shares as part of the units offered by our initial public offering and, simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering, we issued in a private placement an aggregate of 10,625,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. In addition, if our sponsor, its affiliates or a member of our management team makes any working capital loans, it may convert up to 1,500,000 of such loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 private placement warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. To the extent we issue ordinary shares for any reason, including to effectuate a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares and reduce the value of the Class A ordinary shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. If (i) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the consummation of our initial business combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger prices will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A ordinary shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions includes the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, and the fact that prior to the completion of our initial business combination only holders of our Class B ordinary shares, which have been issued to our sponsor, are entitled to vote on the appointment and removal of directors, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our officers or directors, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our officers or directors. Our corporate affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We are also subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedents in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a federal court of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. Although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 We may face risks related to renewable energy, renewable technology and energy services and solutions sector companies. Business combinations with companies in the renewable energy, renewable technology and Energy-as-a-Service sectors entail certain risks. If we are successful in completing a business combination with such a target business, we may be subject to, and possibly adversely affected by, the following risks: recognizing that the market for CO 2 avoidance and removal is grounded in science, any material change in consensus scientific opinion in respect of the urgency or potential remedies to the climate challenge could affect the economics of or total addressable market for clean energy and other CO2 reducing products and specialists; governmental or regulatory actions in any or all of our chosen markets, even if well intentioned from a climate perspective, could have an immediate and dramatic effect on our business operations and opportunities; the increasingly partisan nature of the public debate about climate issues could result in a consumer backlash in certain markets against products and services which exist, in whole or in part, to reduce CO2 emissions into the atmosphere; shifting approaches over time to how CO2 emissions are calculated, or to the perceived long term effectiveness of various approaches to CO2 storage and sequestration, could affect the perceived environmental benefit of our products and services; dependence of our operations upon third-party suppliers or service providers whose failure either to perform adequately or to adhere to our environmental standards could disrupt our business; difficulty in establishing and implementing a commercial and operational approach adequate to address the specific needs of the markets we are pursuing; difficulty in identifying effective local partners and developing any necessary partnerships with local businesses on commercially and environmentally acceptable terms; our inability to comply with governmental regulations or obtain governmental approval for our products and/or business operations; difficulty in competing against established companies who may have greater financial resources and/or a more effective or established localized business presence and/or an ability to introduce and sell low or no carbon products at minimal or negative operating margins for sustained periods of time; difficulty in competing successfully with improved technologies introduced subsequent to our own; the possibility of applying an ineffective commercial approach to targeted markets, including product offerings that may not meet market needs with respect to their environmental or non-environmental attributes; an inability to build strong brand identity, environmental credibility or reputation for exceptional customer satisfaction and service; difficulty in generating sufficient sales volumes at economically sustainable profitability levels; difficulty in timely identifying, attracting, training, and retaining qualified sales, technical, and other personnel; and any significant disruption in our computer systems or those of third parties that we would utilize in our operations, including disruptions or failure of our networks, systems or technology as a result of computer viruses, cyber attacks, misappropriation of data or other malfeasance, as well as outages, natural disasters, terrorist attacks, accidental releases of information or similar events; 

 45 

Table of Contents 
 Any of the foregoing could have an adverse impact on our operations following a business combination. However, our efforts in identifying prospective target businesses will be focused on, but not be limited to the renewable energy, renewable technology and energy services and solutions sectors. Accordingly, if we acquire a target business in another industry, these risks will likely not affect us, and we will be subject to other risks attendant with the specific industry in which we operate or target business which we acquire, none of which can be presently ascertained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that the courts of the Cayman Islands will be the exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for complaints against us or our directors, officers or employees. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or otherwise related in any way to each shareholders shareholding in us, including but not limited to (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any of our current or former director, officer or other employee to us or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act or our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the laws of the United States of America) and that each shareholder irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes. Our amended and restated memorandum of association provides that derivative actions do not include claims under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended or the Exchange Act 1934, as amended, and that claims under such laws must be brought in the federal courts of the United States of America and that any shareholder will be deemed to have consented to such jurisdictions. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association also provides that, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that we may have, each of our shareholders acknowledges that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly we shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum. This choice of forum provision may increase a shareholders cost and limit the shareholders ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any of our shares or other securities, whether by transfer, sale, operation of law or otherwise, shall be deemed to have notice of and have irrevocably agreed and consented to these provisions. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. It is possible that a court could find this type of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable, and if a court were to find this provision in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could have adverse effect on our business and financial performance. Since only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements. After the completion of the initial public offering, only holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, the NYSE may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of the NYSE corporate governance standards. Under the NYSE corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power is held by an individual, group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors, as defined under the rules of the NYSE; we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 we have a nominating committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities. 
 We intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of the NYSE, subject to applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to all of the NYSE corporate governance requirements. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such period before redemption from our trust account. If we have not consummated an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our income taxes, if any (less up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act. In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them and they can receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless, prior thereto, we consummate our initial business combination or amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A ordinary shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we do not complete our initial business combination and do not amend certain provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we wind up for any other reason prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, we will follow the foregoing procedures with respect to the liquidation of the trust account as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to applicable Cayman Islands law. Holders of Class A ordinary shares will not be entitled to vote on any appointment of directors we hold prior to our initial business combination. Prior to our initial business combination, only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. Holders of our public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Accordingly, you may not have any say in the management of our company prior to the consummation of an initial business combination. The warrants may become exercisable and redeemable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares, and you will not have any information regarding such other security at this time. In certain situations, including if we are not the surviving entity in our initial business combination, the warrants may become exercisable for a security other than the Class A ordinary shares. As a result, if the surviving company redeems your warrants for securities pursuant to the warrant agreement, you may receive a security in a company of which you do not have information at this time. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, the surviving company will be required to use commercially reasonable efforts to register the issuance of the security underlying the warrants within 30 business days of the closing of an initial business combination. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 The grant of registration rights to our sponsor may make it more difficult to complete our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. Pursuant to an agreement entered into on the closing of the initial public offering, our sponsor and its permitted transferees can demand that we register the resale of the Class A ordinary shares into which founder shares are convertible, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. The registration rights will be exercisable with respect to the founder shares, the private placement warrants and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such private placement warrants, and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital loans and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of such warrants. We will bear the costs of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A ordinary shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our securities that is expected when the securities owned by our sponsor or its permitted transferees are registered for resale. Our initial business combination or reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. We may, in connection with our initial business combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval by special resolution under the Companies Act, merge or otherwise combine with another company, or reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or another jurisdiction. Tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. A shareholder or warrant holder may be required to recognize taxable income with respect to our business combination or transactions relating thereto in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. In the event of a reincorporation or merger, any tax liability may attach prior to any consummation of redemptions of our Class A ordinary shares. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our business combination or thereafter. Shareholders and warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our business combination. In addition, we could be treated as tax resident in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located, which could result in adverse tax consequences to us (e.g., taxation on our worldwide income in such jurisdiction) and to our shareholders or warrant holders (e.g., withholding taxes on dividends and taxation of disposition gains). We may effect a business combination with a target company that has business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a business combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. Risks Relating to our Sponsor, Management Team and Advantage Partners Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, some of whom may join us following our initial business combination. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel. The role of our key personnel in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel may remain with the target business in senior management, director or advisory positions following our initial business combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 Our key personnel may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular business combination, and a particular business combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel may be able to remain with our company after the completion of our initial business combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the business combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business. In addition, pursuant to an agreement entered into on the closing of the initial public offering, our sponsor, upon and following the consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon the completion of our initial business combination. The loss of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our officers and directors will allocate their time to other businesses thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors is engaged in, or may in the future engage in, several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our independent directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officer s and directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. Certain other Advantage Partners entities have similar or overlapping investment objectives and guidelines, and we may not be presented investment opportunities that may otherwise be suitable for us. Advantage Partners, our affiliate, currently invests and plans to continue to invest third-party capital in a wide variety of investment opportunities globally. There may be overlap of investment opportunities with certain entities that are investment vehicles of, or managed or advised by Advantage Partners, and other entities in which Advantage Partners have invested or may invest. This overlap could create conflicts of interest. In particular, investment opportunities that may otherwise be suitable for us may not be presented to us by Advantage Partners or our sponsor. This overlap could also create conflicts in determining to which entity a particular investment opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Certain members of our management team may be involved in and have a greater financial interest in the performance of other Advantage Partners entities, and such activities may create conflicts of interest in making decisions on our behalf. Certain members of our management team may be subject to a variety of conflicts of interest relating to their responsibilities to Advantage Partners and its other affiliates. Such individuals may serve as members of management or a board of directors (or in similar such capacity) to various other Advantage Partners entities. Such positions may create a conflict between the advice and investment opportunities provided to such entities and the responsibilities owed to us. The other entities in which such individuals may become involved may have investment objectives that overlap with ours. Furthermore, certain of our principals and employees may have a greater financial interest in the performance of such other Advantage Partners entities than our performance. Such involvement may create conflicts of interest in sourcing investment opportunities on our behalf and on behalf of such other entities. Each of our officers and directors presently is, and any of them in the future may become, affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us, including another blank check company, and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial business combination, we are in the process of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a business combination opportunity to such entity, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may in the future become affiliated with, and are not prohibited from sponsoring, investing or otherwise becoming involved in, other blank check companies that may have acquisition objectives that are similar to ours, including in connection with their initial business combinations, prior to us completing our initial business combination. Our sponsor, officers and directors may also become aware of business opportunities appropriate for presentation to us and other entities to which they owe fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to such other blank check companies prior to its presentation to us, subject to our officers and directors fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company and it is an opportunity that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Our officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our officers, directors, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our officers or directors, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a business combination. Consequently, our officers and directors discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular business combination are appropriate and in the best interests of the company. If our officers or directors breach their fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law, we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individuals for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or initial shareholder, which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or initial shareholder. Members of our management team also serve as officers and board members for other entities. Our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria and guidelines for a business combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or initial shareholder, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. Since our sponsor and certain of our officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed (other than with respect to public shares they have acquired during or may acquire after the initial public offering), a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. On April 29, 2021, our sponsor made a capital contribution of 25,000, or approximately 0.004 per share, to cover certain expenses on our behalf in consideration of 5,750,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On October 22, 2021, the sponsor surrendered an aggregate of 1,437,500 founder shares for nil consideration which were cancelled, thereby reducing the aggregate number of founder shares held by the sponsor to 4,312,500, at approximately 0.006 per share. On November 24, 2021, our sponsor transferred 30,000 Class B ordinary shares to each of our three independent directors for an aggregate price of 360. Prior to the initial investment in the company of 25,000 by the sponsor, the company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The per share price of the founder shares was determined by dividing the amount contributed to the company by the number of founder shares issued. The founder shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased an aggregate of 10,625,000 private placement warrants, each exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment, at a price of 1.00 per warrant for 10,625,000, in a private placement that closed simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. On December 21, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 17,250,000 units, including 2,250,000 units issued to the underwriter upon the full exercise of its over-allotment option, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 172.5 million, and incurring offering costs of approximately 10.5 million, inclusive of 6.0 million in deferred underwriting commissions. If we do not consummate an initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during any Extension Period, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination. This risk may become more acute as the 18-month anniversary of the closing of the initial public offering nears, which is the deadline for our consummation of an initial business combination. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. Upon the loss of control of a target business, new management may not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial business combination so that the post-business combination company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if the post-business combination company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target business sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-business combination company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to our initial business combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post-business combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A ordinary shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding Class A ordinary shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger portion the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon closing of the initial public offering, our initial shareholders own, on an as-converted basis, 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our sponsor purchases any additional Class A ordinary shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase its control. Neither our sponsor nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities,. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A ordinary shares. Further, because only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and to remove directors prior to our initial business combination, our sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. In addition, we have agreed not to enter into a definitive agreement regarding an initial business combination without the prior consent of our sponsor. After our initial business combination, it is possible that a majority of our officers and directors will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States. Therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. It is possible that after our initial business combination, a majority of our officers and directors will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our officers or directors or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our officers and directors under United States laws. We are dependent upon our officers and directors and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. We do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our officers or directors. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our officers or directors could have a detrimental effect on us. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Members of our management team and board of directors have significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result, certain of those persons may have been, and may become, involved in proceedings, investigations and litigation relating to the business or administrative affairs of the companies with which they were, are, or may in the future be, affiliated. This may have an adverse effect on us, which may impede our ability to consummate an initial business combination. During the course of their careers, members of our management team and board of directors have had significant experience as founders, board members, officers or executives of other companies. As a result of their involvement and positions in these companies and government agencies, certain persons may have been, and may become, involved in litigation, investigations or other proceedings arising out of or relating to the business or administrative affairs of such companies or transactions entered into by such companies. Any such litigation, investigations or other proceedings may divert our management team s and board s attention and resources away from identifying and selecting a target business or businesses for our initial business combination and may negatively affect our reputation, which may impede our ability to complete an initial business combination. Involvement of members of our management, our directors, and companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes, litigation, government or other investigations or other actual or alleged misconduct unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial business combination. Members of our management team, our directors, and companies with which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business and other activities. As a result of such involvement, members of our management, our directors, and companies with which they are affiliated may be involved in civil disputes, litigation, governmental or other investigations or other actual or alleged misconduct relating to their affairs unrelated to our company. Any such development, including any negative publicity related thereto, may be detrimental to our reputation, negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. Risks Associated with Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial business combination, and if we effect such initial business combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial business combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border business combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial business combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial business combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; laws governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; local or regional economic policies and market conditions; 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; longer payment cycles; tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; corruption; protection of intellectual property; social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; regime changes and political upheaval; terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; and deterioration of political relations with the United States. 
 Especially, international security issues and adverse developments in respect thereof such as the current political tension between Russia, Ukraine and potentially western security alliances could materially adversely affect global trade and economic activity. At the end of 2021 and into January 2022, tensions between the U.S. and Russia escalated when Russia assembled large numbers of military ground forces on the Ukraine-Russia border. In February 2022, Russia invaded Ukraine. The invasion of Ukraine and any retaliatory measures that have already been, or may in the future be taken by the U.S. and NATO have created global security concerns that could have a lasting impact on regional and global economies. We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial business combination, or, if we complete such combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. If our management following our initial business combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial business combination, any or all of our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the company and the management of the target business at the time of the business combination could remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues that may adversely affect our operations. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 After our initial business combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue may be derived from our operations in any such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and social conditions and government policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial business combination and if we effect our initial business combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following the consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial business combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial business combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we are required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, and results of operations. Changes in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate and complete an initial business combination. In recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed in ways adverse to us and our management team. Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. These trends may continue into the future. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 The increased cost and decreased availability of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However, any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. In addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors. General Risk Factors Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. We are subject to changing laws and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to laws and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which is charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from seeking a business combination target. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. taxpayer that owns our Class A ordinary shares or warrants, the U.S. taxpayer may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances, the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. In addition, we may be a PFIC due to a business combination with a target company that is a PFIC. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, moreover, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year (or possibly not until after the close of the first two taxable years following our start-up year if the start-up exception applies). If we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC Annual Information Statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. We may be subject to an increased rate of tax on our income if we are treated as a personal holding company. Depending on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that we could be treated as a personal holding company for U.S. federal income tax purposes. A U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a personal holding company for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if more than 50 of its ownership (by value) is concentrated, within a certain period of time, in five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds, and charitable trusts), and at least 60 of its income is comprised of certain passive items. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We will remain an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following the fifth anniversary of the completion of the initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.07 billion, or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our Class A ordinary shares that are held by non-affiliates equals or exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company that is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company that has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than 250 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter or (2) our annual revenues are less than 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates is less than 700 million as of the end of that year s second fiscal quarter. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES We currently maintain our executive offices at 10 Collyer Quay, #37-00 Ocean Financial Center, Singapore. The cost for our use of this space is included in the 10,000 per month fee we will pay to our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS To the knowledge of our management, there is no material litigation currently pending or contemplated against us, any of our officers or directors in their capacity as such or against any of our property. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES Not applicable. PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES (a) Market Information Our units, Class A ordinary shares and warrants are each traded on the NYSE under the symbol APCA-U , APCA and APCA-W respectively. Our units commenced public trading on December 17, 2021. Our Class A ordinary shares and warrants began separate trading on February 7, 2022. (b) Holders On March 2, 2023, there was one holder of record of our units, one holder of record of our Class A ordinary shares, four holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and two holders of record of our warrants. (c) Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of an initial business combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial conditions subsequent to completion of an initial business combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to an initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. (d) Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans None. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 (e) Performance Graph Not applicable. (f) Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Not applicable. (g) Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers None. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS References to the Company, our, us or we refer to AP Acquisition Corp. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements All statements other than statements of historical fact included in this Report, including, without limitation, statements under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. When used in this Report, words such as anticipate, believe, estimate, expect, intend and similar expressions, as they relate to us or the Company s management, identify forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking statements are based on the beliefs of management, as well as assumptions made by, and information currently available to, the Company s management. Actual results could differ materially from those contemplated by the forward- looking statements as a result of certain factors detailed in our filings with the SEC. All subsequent written or oral forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on the Company s behalf are qualified in their entirety by this paragraph. Overview AP Acquisition Corp was incorporated as a Cayman Islands exempted company on April 22, 2021. The Company was incorporated for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). The Company will not be limited to a particular industry or geographic region in its identification and acquisition of a target company, except that the Company will not complete the initial Business Combination with a target that is headquartered China (including Hong Kong and Macau) or conducts a majority of its business in China (including Hong Kong and Macau). Results of Operations As of December 31, 2022, we have not commenced any operations. All activity for the period from April 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022, relates to our formation and initial public offering, and, since the completion of our initial public offering, searching for a target to consummate an initial business combination. We will not generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our initial business combination, at the earliest. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income from the proceeds derived from our initial public offering and placed in the trust account. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 1,226,432, which consisted of interest income earned on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of 2,562,680, offset by operating costs of 958,205 and stock compensation expense of 378,043. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 For the period from April 22, 2021 (Inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 53,480, which consisted of operating costs of 37,157 and stock compensation expense of 16,572, offset by interest income earned on marketable securities held in our Trust Account of 249. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, we had cash outside our trust account of 314,229, available for working capital needs. All remaining cash was held in the trust account and is generally unavailable for our use, prior to an initial business combination. On December 21, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 17,250,000 units, at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 172,500,000. Simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 10,625,000 private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per private placement warrant in a private placement to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 10,625,000. In order to fund working capital deficiencies or finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan us funds as may be required. If we complete a Business Combination, we may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to us. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay such loaned amounts, but no proceeds from our Trust Account would be used for such repayment. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants, at a price of 1.00 per warrant, at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. We do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a business combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our business combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our business combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon consummation of our business combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such business combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would only complete such financing simultaneously with the completion of our business combination. If we are unable to complete our business combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. In addition, following our business combination, if cash on hand is insufficient, we may need to obtain additional financing in order to meet our obligations. In connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have until June 21, 2023 (assuming no extension) to consummate the initial Business Combination. We intend to complete the initial Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate any business combination by June 21, 2023 (assuming no extension). Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a business combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after June 21, 2023 (assuming no extension). Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Contractual Obligations As of December 31, 2022, we did not have any long-term debt, capital or operating lease obligations. We entered into an administrative services agreement pursuant to which we will pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support services. Registration and Shareholder Rights The holders of the Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants and any warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants and warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans) will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration and shareholder rights agreement to be signed prior to or on the effective date of the IPO. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the Company s completion of the initial Business Combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Founder Shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Except as described herein, the Company s initial shareholder, executive officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30 trading day period commencing at least 150 days after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial shareholder with respect to any Founder Shares. The Company refers to such transfer restrictions throughout this Report as the lock up. In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, the Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial Business Combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to the Company s board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Promissory Notes On April 29, 2021, our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 300,000 to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the closing of the IPO. On September 14, 2021, our sponsor and we signed off an amendment to the Promissory Note, and the loans are due at the earlier of March 31, 2022 or the closing of the IPO. On December 21, 2021, the outstanding balance of 142,882 was fully repaid. On December 21, 2021, the note was terminated. Underwriting Agreement On December 21, 2021, we paid a cash underwriting commission of two percent (2 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 3,450,000. Additionally, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of 3.5 of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or 6,037,500 in aggregate, upon the completion of our initial Business Combination. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following as our critical accounting policies: Class A Ordinary Share Subject to Possible Redemption The Company accounts for its Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. Class A ordinary share subject to mandatory redemption (if any) are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary share (including ordinary share that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within the Company s control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary share are classified as stockholders equity. The Company s ordinary share feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of the Company s control and subject to the occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, as of December 31, 2022, 17,250,000 shares of Class A ordinary share subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. Net Income (Loss) Per Ordinary Share We have two classes of shares, which are referred to as Class A ordinary shares and Class B ordinary shares. Earnings and losses are shared pro rata between the two classes of shares. The 19,250,000 potential ordinary shares for outstanding warrants to purchase our shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share is the same as basic net income (loss) per ordinary share for the periods. Recent Accounting Pronouncements In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on the Company s financial statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 JOBS Act On April 5, 2012, the JOBS Act was signed into law. The JOBS Act contains provisions that, among other things, relax certain reporting requirements for qualifying public companies. We will qualify as an emerging growth company and under the JOBS Act will be allowed to comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements based on the effective date for private (not publicly traded) companies. We are electing to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards, and as a result, we may not comply with new or revised accounting standards on the relevant dates on which adoption of such standards is required for non-emerging growth companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with new or revised accounting pronouncements as of public company effective dates. Additionally, we are in the process of evaluating the benefits of relying on the other reduced reporting requirements provided by the JOBS Act. Subject to certain conditions set forth in the JOBS Act, if, as an emerging growth company , we choose to rely on such exemptions we may not be required to, among other things, (i) provide an independent registered public accounting firm s attestation report on our system of internal controls over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404, (ii) provide all of the compensation disclosure that may be required of non-emerging growth public companies under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, (iii) comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the PCAOB regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the report of independent registered public accounting firm providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (auditor discussion and analysis), and (iv) disclose certain executive compensation related items such as the correlation between executive compensation and performance and comparisons of the CEO s compensation to median employee compensation. These exemptions will apply for a period of five years following the completion of our initial public offering or until we are no longer an emerging growth company, whichever is earlier. ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA This information appears following Item 15 of this Report and is included herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in company reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management s Annual Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and principal financial officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) were effective. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting During the year ended December 31, 2022, there has been no change in our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not Applicable. PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE Our executive officers and directors are as follows: 

Name Age Position Richard Lee Folsom 62 Chairman, Director Keiichi Suzuki 53 Chief Executive Officer, Director Shankar Krishnamoorthy 62 Independent Director Henrik Baek Jorgensen 61 Independent Director Helena Anderson 43 Independent Director Mr. Richard Folsom is our Chairman and Director. Mr. Folsom is a Co-Founder and Representative Partner of Advantage Partners, an investment management and advisory firm focused especially on the Asia and Japan markets, founded in 1992. Mr. Folsom is an experienced investor with a track record of helping companies successfully build scale and generate value. At Advantage Partners, Mr. Folsom is responsible for the overall investment strategy as well as leading and managing the organization. He is involved in the sourcing, execution and management of Advantage Partners portfolio companies. After founding Advantage Partners, between 1992 and 1997, with his co-founder partner, Taisuke Sasanuma, he started and managed two new businesses: Meridian VAT Reclaim Japan, a EU Value-Added Tax (VAT) reclaim service for corporations (subsequently sold to PRGX, a NASDAQ listed company at the time), and Advantage Risk Management (subsequently went public in 2005 under TSE: 8769), an insurance brokerage and risk management business in Japan. In 1997, Mr. Folsom and Mr. Sasanuma established Japan s very first buyout fund, and Mr. Folsom has since focused his time on the development of this private equity investment practice. In addition to the 1997 fund, subsequent funds were raised in 2000, 2003, 2006, 2008, 2012, 2015, 2016, 2018, 2019, and most recently in 2020. These 11 private equity funds raised include seven funds focused on Japan buyouts, which includes: investments in founder / owner successions, carve-outs from large corporate parents, public-to-private takeovers, and other special situations; one fund focused on pan-Asian buyouts; and three funds focused on private investments in public equity (PIPEs) in small, mid and large cap public companies in Japan. Through its funds, Advantage Partners has made more than 100 investments, deploying approximately 5 billion, of which they have successfully exited more than 60 as of October 2021. An important point to emphasize about Mr. Folsom and Advantage Partners investments is that a majority of the acquisitions have been sourced and accessed proprietarily or semi-proprietarily, rather than through auction processes. This is driven by Mr. Folsom and Advantage Partners broad network and reputation, and sellers prioritizing Advantage Partners value proposition of strategic and operational support. These investments span a range of industries and sectors, including some in sustainability and the Sustainable Development Goals (SDGs)-related sectors and companies. Examples of acquisitions include: Katitas, a leading company in Japan focused on refurbishing and repositioning affordable used single-family homes nationwide, in the form of a founder / owner succession acquisition, which Mr. Folsom and Advantage Partners grew dramatically and successfully listed in December 2017 (TSE: 8919, market cap of 2.7 billion as of October 8, 2021); Net Protections, a corporate carve-out and a leading buy-now-pay-later (BNPL) solutions provider to e-commerce retailers in Japan; and Nihon Kaisui, a corporate carve-out followed by two roll-up acquisitions to create one of the market leaders in Japan focused on production of salt from sea water using reverse osmosis membrane technology. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Folsom has approximately 29 years commercial experience across investing, operations and management. Prior to founding Advantage Partners, Mr. Folsom was engaged in management consulting with Bain Company, primarily in their Tokyo office, where he accumulated eight years of experience in developing and implementing strategies for both foreign and domestic corporations in the Japanese and Asian markets. He has over 35 years experience living in Asia. Mr. Folsom graduated from Brigham Young University with a Bachelor s Degree in Japanese and Economics, and holds a Master of Business Administration Degree from The Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Keiichi Suzuki is our Chief Executive Officer and Director. Mr. Suzuki joined Advantage Partners on July 1, 2021 and serves as a Partner and the Head of Renewables Sustainability of the firm. During his tenure at Mitsubishi Corporation, a leading Japanese trading company, Mr. Suzuki gained over 29 years of experience in alternative investments including real estate, private equity, and infrastructure, especially in the renewable energy space. Since 2009, Mr. Suzuki initiated and developed renewable energy businesses in Europe and Middle East for Mitsubishi Corporation creating a large renewable independent power producer (IPP) business. From 2015 to 2020, Mr. Suzuki was the Chief Executive Officer of Diamond Generating Europe Limited DGE ), a wholly owned subsidiary of Mitsubishi Corporation and a strategic IPP platform headquartered in London, which develops, constructs, finances, and operates renewables and other generation assets in Europe and the Middle East. During his tenure, Mr. Suzuki grew the company s gross power generation capacity to 5GW. Diamond Generating Europe was awarded major projects in Europe and the Middle East including Scottish Moray East Off-shore Wind Farm Project (950MW), Dutch Borssele III IV Offshore Wind Project (731.5MW), and Qatar Facility D independent water and power project (IWPP)(2,520MW for power and 136.5 million gallon of drinking water per day) in which Diamond Generating Europe was assigned as the lead developer and Mr. Suzuki managed the entire process, coordinating engineering, procurement, and construction contracts with partners such as Samsung C T and Hitachi Zosen. DGE also acquired major equipment suppliers, Siemens AG and Acciona Agua. In the two off-shore wind projects, Diamond Generating Europe took the role of co-developer together with ENGIE SA and EDP Renov veis in Scottish Moray East Off-shore Wind Farm Project, and with Royal Dutch Shell, Eneco, and Van Oord in Dutch Borssele III IV Offshore Wind Project. Both projects were awarded by the procuring governments successfully. Diamond Generating Europe also acquired Dutch Luchterduinen Wind Farm (129MW) and Belgium Norther Offshore Wind Farm (370MW) under their development phase, and successfully financed and constructed their successful operations. Besides offshore wind farms, DGE acquired French solar assets (111MW) and developed onshore wind assets (72MW) from/with EDF Renewables respectively, and acquired Italian solar assets (48MW) from Italian Developer Solar Ventures jointly with The Innovation Network Corporation of Japan as co-investor, which was successfully divested to Sonnedix in 2016. Apart from his experience as the Chief Executive Officer of Diamond Generating Europe, Mr. Suzuki was involved in a number of renewable energy projects in Japan and across EMEA, and held various roles including PV Development Team Leader (2010-2012) and Acting General Manager Qatar FD Project Task Force Leader (2013-2015). Prior to joining Advantage Partners, Mr. Suzuki most recently served as General Manager of Merchant Banking Department in Asset Finance Division of Mitsubishi Corporation. In this role, Mr. Suzuki was responsible for managing a total capital of approximately 1 billion in net asset value for Mitsubishi Corporation. He oversaw multiple private equity funds including Marunouchi Capital (Japan/Buyout), Marunouchi Infrastructure (Japan/Infrastructure), Asian Industrial Growth Fund (Southeast Asia/Growth Capital), OneRock Capital (North America/Buyout), Geodesic Capital (United States/Venture Capital), and Tata Opportunity Fund (India/Growth Capital). Mr. Suzuki started his career from the Urban Development Department of Mitsubishi Corporation in 1992. Mr. Suzuki graduated from The University of Tokyo and has a Bachelor s Degree in Urban Engineering, and holds a Master of Business Administration Degree from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Sloan School of Management. He is also a First Class Architect licensed by the Ministry of Land, Infrastructure, Transport and Tourism of Japan. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Mr. Shankar Krishnamoorthy is an Independent Director. Mr. Krishnamoorthy is a results-oriented executive and hands-on leader with proven track record in the energy sector. Mr. Krishnamoorthy has over 38 years of experience in the energy and renewable energy sector, specifically in the following: opening and growing new markets and products; sustaining profitable growth of businesses in competitive environments; construction, operation and management of large assets; structuring and negotiating of complex contracts including joint ventures, mergers and acquisitions, long term offtake, equipment purchases, service agreements, and financing; stakeholder management; and portfolio management. Mr. Krishnamoorthy is currently the Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer at SAS nsect, a French food manufacturer that transforms insects into premium, high-value ingredients for pets, fish, plants, and human beings. He is also a Member of the Board at Caruna, a Finnish company that distributes electricity and maintains, repairs and builds a weatherproof electricity network. Mr. Krishnamoorthy holds substantial experience and expertise in the energy space, especially in the field of energy transition. Throughout his career, he has mainly worked for two organizations ENGIE SA ENGIE as well as its subsidiaries and affiliates, and Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited. ENGIE is a global company based in France offering thermal energy, hydropower, solar energy, onshore and offshore wind power, facility management and heat generation services, with over EUR56 billion in revenues in 2020, over 172,000 employees, and approximately 101GW of total electricity generation capacities, of which 31GW are renewables as of April 2021 on a consolidated basis. According to its 2021 integrated report, as of April 2021, the company is ranked No.1 in power distribution in Europe, No. 2 in natural gas transmission in Europe, No.1 in urban cooling networks globally, and No. 3 in urban heating networks globally. Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited is one of the largest Indian engineering and manufacturing companies. From January 2017 to May 2021, Mr. Krishnamoorthy served as a member of the Executive Committee of ENGIE SA and supervised multiple functions ranging from strategy, business development oversight, research, innovation, corporate venture capital, procurement, engineering and construction. In addition, Mr. Krishnamoorthy most recently served as the Chief Executive Officer of Tractebel Engineering SA, a subsidiary of ENGIE based in Belgium with a company mission of Engineering a carbon-neutral future. It provides life-cycle consultancy and engineering services to power, nuclear, gas, industry, and infrastructure customers. As the CEO, from 2020 to 2021, Mr. Krishnamoorthy managed a total of 5,000 employees, led projects of all sizes and complexities throughout the full life-cycle of a customer: strategy phase, pre-investment phase, implementation phase, operation phase, and decommissioning phase. Apart from his recent experience in France and Belgium, Mr. Krishnamoorthy has also established an extensive global network through approximately 15 years experience in Thailand, U.A.E., and the U.K. after he moved to Thailand in 2002. He spent approximately three years in the U.K. acting in leadership roles including the Chairman of Solairedirect SA, a subsidiary of ENGIE; seven years in U.A.E. during which he mostly served as the CEO and President of ENGIE s South Asia, Middle East and Africa Head Quarter; and five years in Thailand as the Head of Business Development at ENGIE s Asia Pacific Head Quarter. Before 2002, Mr. Krishnamoorthy worked for three separate companies, mainly in the field of engineering. From 1997 to 2001, he worked for Tractebel Energy South Asia Pvt. Ltd., a subsidiary of ENGIE, as the Head of Business Development, Chief Executive Officer, and Director. In 1997, as the Head of Marketing and Sales, Mr. Krishnamoorthy also worked for Crompton Greaves Limited (currently CG Power and Industrial Solutions Limited), an Indian company engaged in the design and manufacture of power conversion equipment products. Previously, from 1982 to 1997, he worked at Bharat Heavy Electricals Limited as a Sales Manager, Project Manager, and Commissioning Engineer. Mr. Krishnamoorthy graduated from Delhi University in India with a Bachelor of Engineering Degree. Mr. Henrik Baek Jorgensen is an Independent Director. Mr. Jorgensen is an experienced leader with a high drive and superior stakeholder management skills with an ability to build bridges between entities with technical expertise on the one hand and those with commercial know-how on the other, especially in the renewable energy space. Mr. Jorgensen has over 13 years of experience in the renewable energy sector, with a particular strength in offshore wind power generation. With the ability to build up high-performance teams, understand both technical and commercial concepts, and manage stakeholders within the value chain, Mr. Jorgensen has established a successful track record throughout his career. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Since January 2021, Mr. Jorgensen has served as a Vice President of Offshore Product Strategy at Vestas Wind Systems A/S, where he is responsible for structuring offshore market roadmap and go-to-market strategies including the technical aspects of bids involving next-generation offshore wind turbines. Prior to his current role, from February 2014 to January 2021, Mr. Jorgensen served as a Vice President of Product Management at MHI Vestas Offshore Wind A/S, where he was responsible for structuring product roadmap, go-to-market strategies, and technical sales support. A part of his success during the time is installing the world s largest offshore wind turbine at the time and the subsequent upgrades to the market in cooperation with Mitsubishi Corporation. Mr. Jorgensen s experience in the energy sector goes beyond offshore wind power generation: from 2011 to 2014, he worked as a Senior Product Manager of Smart Grid Solutions at Kamstrup A/S, a world leading manufacturer of system solutions for smart energy and water metering headquartered in Denmark. Prior to this role, Mr. Jorgensen worked for Vestas Wind Systems A/S from 2008 to 2011, where he served as a Senior Product Manager of the 2 MW Platform team. Apart from his experience in the renewable energy sector, Mr. Jorgensen also has ample experience in product management and engineering. From 2000 to 2008, Mr. Jorgensen worked at CCI Europe A/S (currently renamed Stibo DX), a leading developer and a provider of enterprise CMS and digital asset management solutions for media companies and enterprises worldwide. During his tenure, Mr. Jorgensen served as a Product Manager of the System Architecture team. Prior to 2000, Mr. Jorgensen also held various positions as an engineer, project manager, and CAD manager at Sabroe Refrigeration A/S and Tetra Pak Hoyer A/S. Mr. Jorgensen graduated from Syddansk University in Denmark with an Engineering Degree, where he specialized in energy solutions. Ms. Helena Anderson is an Independent Director. In 2017, Ms. Anderson co-founded Ikigai, a leading international, technology-neutral energy transition platform with a purpose of bridging the gap between investors, suppliers, and energy intensive industries through its strategic advisory, development and bankability accelerator services. Since then she has advised investors, fund managers, developers and technology companies in the energy transition and decarbonization sectors in the U.K., Europe and Africa. In her current role as the COO of several Ikigai group companies, Ms. Anderson advises on market entry and corporate growth strategies, energy transition stakeholder engagement, project structuring, investment and development. Ms. Anderson has over 12 years of experience in energy (including energy efficiency, solar, wind, tidal stream, geothermal, biomass, energy from waste, biomethane, hydrogen, energy storage, district heating, charging infrastructure, micro grids) and infrastructure (water, telecommunications, airports, roads and ports). She also helped to design, and is a leading expert on, the Equator Principles and other standards related to mitigating environmental and social risk in lending. Since the founding of Ikigai, Ms. Anderson has built a successful track record advising on industrial zone and city decarbonization, clean tech growth capital, energy transition project optimization, co-development and financing focused on attracting institutional investment into the energy transition. She has advised enterprises, core infrastructure owners, local governments and universities on their net zero investment strategies, including a regional growth board on the hydrogen ecosystem roadmap and investment plan for the Thames Estuary in the South East of England. Having established a clean tech accelerator, she has advised on the commercialization and scaling up of, and investment into, a wide variety of start-ups, ranging from an EV charging predictive data software platform to a containerized carbon capture technology to the development of Europe s first lithium processing facility. She has advised on renewable energy and decarbonization project development for multiple energy and infrastructure funds, municipal and regional authorities, water companies and airports, including, during 2021 alone, one of the largest airport solar schemes in Europe at Glasgow Airport, the gateway to COP26; a 1bn industrial decarbonization project portfolio for the North West of England and a district heat network in Manchester. In regard to institutional investment in the energy transition, Ms. Anderson supported European and Japanese investors on their investments into biomethane production and retailing in the U.K. and international funds on optimization of existing energy generation for a Net Zero economy incorporating onsite generation, battery storage, hydrogen production and carbon capture and reutilization. Prior to founding Ikigai, Ms. Anderson made significant contribution to the public sector, spending two years at the U.K. Department for International Trade, where she was the Head of Energy Capital Investment. During her tenure, Ms. Anderson led the capital investment team focusing on the energy transition and energy systems, advising on the structuring of bankable energy transactions and facilitating introductions to, and negotiations with, international equity and debt capital (from trading houses, industrials, sovereign wealth funds and institutional investors). There she sourced from, or designed with, the private sector, local authorities and other U.K. Government Departments while conducting high level due diligence in a number of energy platforms and projects, delivering a large amount of investment returns to the U.K. through 2016 to 2017. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 Ms. Anderson started her career as a lawyer in January 2004 as an Associate at Mallesons Stephen Jaques, a leading law firm in Australia, where she worked as a project finance specialist until December 2006. She joined Herbert Smith Freehills in January 2007, where she built up her expertise in project financing until December 2015. At Herbert Smith Freehills, Ms. Anderson was instrumental in developing the firm s top-tier renewable energy finance practice. During her tenure, Ms. Anderson also served as a general counsel of East Anglia Offshore Wind Limited, the joint venture of ScottishPower Renewables and Vattenfall developing a 7,200MW offshore wind project off the coast of the U.K. Ms. Anderson graduated from the University of Melbourne in Australia with a Bachelor of Laws (Honours) Degree, a Bachelor of Commerce (Accounting and Finance), and a Diploma of Modern Languages (Japanese). She was previously a director of the regulated board of the largest private social housing and regeneration developer and operator in the UK, Places for People Plc until 2021 and is currently a commissioner on the Cheshire and Warrington Sustainable and Inclusive Growth Commission for the North West of England. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Prior to the completion of an initial business combination, any vacancy on the board of directors may be filled by a nominee chosen by holders of a majority of our founder shares or by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors present and voting at a meeting of our board. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial business combination, holders of a majority of our founder shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. Holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on the election or removal of directors prior to the completion of an initial business combination. Pursuant to an agreement entered into on the closing of the initial public offering, our sponsor, upon and following the consummation of an initial business combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to our board of directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association as it deems appropriate. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that our officers may consist of one or more chairman of the board, chief executive officer, president, chief financial officer, vice presidents, secretary, treasurer and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. Director Independence The NYSE listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. Our board of directors has determined that Shankar Krishnamoorthy, Henrik Baek Jorgensen and Helena Anderson are independent directors as defined in the NYSE listing standards. Our independent directors have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. Executive Officer and Director Compensation None of our executive officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date of our initial public offering through the earlier of the consummation of our initial business combination and our liquidation, we reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. In addition, our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, are reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee reviews on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, executive officers or directors, or their respective affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial business combination will be made using funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our executive officers and directors for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial business combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the company to our sponsor, executive officers and directors, or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to completion of our initial business combination. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 After the completion of our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining executive officer and director compensation. Any compensation paid to our executive officers is determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial business combination, although it is possible that some or all of our executive officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial business combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial business combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential business combination. We are not party to any agreements with our executive officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. Committees of the Board of Directors Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a nominating committee and a compensation committee. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules and a limited exception, the rules of the NYSE require that the compensation committee and the nominating committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Audit Committee Shankar Krishnamoorthy, Henrik Baek Jorgensen and Helena Anderson serve as members of our audit committee. Our board of directors has determined that each of Shankar Krishnamoorthy, Henrik Baek Jorgensen and Helena Anderson are independent under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Shankar Krishnamoorthy serves as the Chairman of the audit committee. Under the NYSE listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Shankar Krishnamoorthy qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules. The audit committee is responsible for: meeting with our independent registered public accounting firm regarding, among other issues, audits and the adequacy of our accounting and control systems; monitoring the independence of the independent registered public accounting firm; verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; inquiring and discussing with management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent registered public accounting firm, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; appointing or replacing the independent registered public accounting firm; determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent registered public accounting firm (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent registered public accounting firm regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies; monitoring compliance on a quarterly basis with the terms of the initial public offering and, if any noncompliance is identified, immediately taking all action necessary to rectify such noncompliance or otherwise causing compliance with the terms of the initial public offering; and reviewing and approving all payments made to our existing shareholders, executive officers or directors and their respective affiliates. Any payments made to members of our audit committee will be reviewed and approved by our board of directors, with the interested director or directors abstaining from such review and approval. 
 Nominating Committee The members of our nominating committee are Shankar Krishnamoorthy, Henrik Baek Jorgensen and Helena Anderson, and Helena Anderson serves as chairman of the nominating committee. Under the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a nominating committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Shankar Krishnamoorthy, Henrik Baek Jorgensen and Helena Anderson are independent. The nominating committee is responsible for overseeing the selection of persons to be nominated to serve on our board of directors. The nominating committee considers persons identified by its members, management, shareholders, investment bankers and others. Guidelines for Selecting Director Nominees The guidelines for selecting director nominees, which is specified in our charter, provide that persons to be nominated: should have demonstrated notable or significant achievements in business, education or public service; should possess the requisite intelligence, education and experience to make a significant contribution to the board of directors and bring a range of skills, diverse perspectives and backgrounds to its deliberations; and should have the highest ethical standards, a strong sense of professionalism and intense dedication to serving the interests of the shareholders. 
 The nominating committee considers a number of qualifications relating to management and leadership experience, background, integrity and professionalism in evaluating a person s candidacy for membership on the board of directors. The nominating committee may require certain skills or attributes, such as financial or accounting experience, to meet specific board needs that arise from time to time and also considers the overall experience and makeup of its members to obtain a broad and diverse mix of board members. The nominating committee does not distinguish among director nominees recommended by shareholders and other persons. Compensation Committee The members of our compensation committee are Shankar Krishnamoorthy, Henrik Baek Jorgensen and Helena Anderson, and Henrik Baek Jorgensen serves as chairman of the compensation committee. Under the NYSE listing standards, we are required to have a compensation committee composed entirely of independent directors. Our board of directors has determined that each of Shankar Krishnamoorthy, Henrik Baek Jorgensen and Helena Anderson are independent. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief Executive Officer, evaluating the performance of our Chief Executive Officer in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 reviewing and approving the compensation of all of our other Section 16 executive officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation and equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our executive officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and is directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by the NYSE and the SEC. Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation None of our executive officers currently serves, and in the past year has not served, as a member of the compensation committee of any entity that has one or more executive officers serving on our board of directors. Code of Ethics We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our officers, directors and employees. A copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request from us. We intend to disclose any amendments to or waivers of certain provisions of our Code of Ethics in a Current Report on Form 8-K. Conflicts of Interest Under Cayman Islands law, officers and directors owe the following fiduciary duties: duty to act in good faith in what the officer or director believes to be in the best interests of the company as a whole; duty to exercise powers for the purposes for which those powers were conferred and not for a collateral purpose; directors should not improperly fetter the exercise of future discretion; duty to exercise powers fairly as between different sections of shareholders; duty not to put themselves in a position in which there is a conflict between their duty to the company and their personal interests; and duty to exercise independent judgment. 
 In addition to the above, directors also owe a duty of care, which is not fiduciary in nature. This duty has been defined as a requirement to act as a reasonably diligent person having both the general knowledge, skill and experience that may reasonably be expected of a person carrying out the same functions as are carried out by that director in relation to the company and the general knowledge, skill and experience of that director. 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 As set out above, directors have a duty not to put themselves in a position of conflict and this includes a duty not to engage in self-dealing, or to otherwise benefit as a result of their position. However, in some instances what would otherwise be a breach of this duty can be ratified and/or authorized in advance by the shareholders provided that there is full disclosure by the directors. This can be done by way of permission granted in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or alternatively by shareholder approval at general meetings. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, subject to his or her fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, no director shall be disqualified or prevented from contracting with the company nor shall any contract or transaction entered into by or on behalf of the company in which any director shall have an interest be liable to be avoided. A director shall be at liberty to vote in respect of any contract or transaction in which he or she is interested provided that the nature of such interest shall be disclosed at or prior to its consideration or any vote thereon by the board of directors. Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual duties to other entities. As a result, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity that is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, then, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law, he or she will need to honor such fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such business combination opportunity to such entity, before we can pursue such opportunity. If these other entities decide to pursue any such opportunity, we may be precluded from pursuing the same. However, we do not expect these duties to materially affect our ability to complete our initial business combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce our interest in any business combination opportunity offered to any officer or director unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as an officer or director of the company and it is an opportunity that we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. Below is a table summarizing the entities to which our officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual obligations or other material management relationships: Individual Entity Entity s Business Affiliation Keiichi Suzuki Advantage Partners Inc. Financial services Partner Richard Lee Folsom Advantage Partners (H.K.) Limited Financial services Representative Partner (1) Shankar Krishnamoorthy SAS nsect Agriculture Executive Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer Caruna Electricity Director Henrik Baek Jorgensen Vestas Wind Systems A/S Manufacturing Vice President, Employee Helena Anderson Ikigai Capital Limited Consulting Director and COO Ikigai Axl Limited Investment Project Director and COO Ikigai Energy Limited Development Director and COO 

 (1) Advantage Partners (H.K.) Limited is an entity operating in the financial services sector that is an affiliated entity of Advantage Partners. Richard Lee Folsom also assumes director and other positions at certain funds, affiliates and other related entities (including certain portfolio companies in which the funds or other related entities invest) of Advantage Partners. 
 Potential investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: Our officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Each of our officers and directors is engaged in, or may in the future engage in, several other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers and directors are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 Our sponsor subscribed for founder shares prior to the date of this Report and purchased private placement warrants in a transaction that will close simultaneously with the closing of the initial public offering. Our sponsor and each member of our management team have entered into an agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with (i) the completion of our initial business combination and (ii) a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of our obligation to provide holders of our Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months from the closing of the initial public offering or during an Extension Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of our Class A ordinary shares. Additionally, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their founder shares if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe. If we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed timeframe, the private placement warrants will expire worthless. Except as described herein, our initial shareholder, executive officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earliest of (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination and (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the closing price of our Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Except as described herein, the private placement warrants will not be transferable until 30 days following the completion of our initial business combination. Our officers and directors who own ordinary shares or warrants directly or indirectly may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to effectuate our initial business combination. Our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors is included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor, officers and directors may sponsor, form or participate in other blank check companies similar to ours during the period in which we are seeking an initial business combination. Any such companies may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an acquisition target, particularly in the event there is overlap among investment mandates. 
 We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor or any of our officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such initial business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. Furthermore, in no event will our sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or their respective affiliates, be paid by us any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial business combination. Further, commencing on the date our securities are first listed on the NYSE, we also reimburse our sponsor for office space, secretarial and administrative services provided to us in the amount of 10,000 per month. We cannot assure you that any of the above mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial business combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which requires the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. A quorum for such meeting will be present if holders of one-third of the issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. In such case, our sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their founder shares and public shares in favor of our initial business combination. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 Limitation on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors Cayman Islands law does not limit the extent to which a company s memorandum and articles of association may provide for indemnification of officers and directors, except to the extent any such provision may be held by the Cayman Islands courts to be contrary to public policy, such as to provide indemnification against willful default, willful neglect, civil fraud or the consequences of committing a crime. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides for indemnification of our officers and directors to the maximum extent permitted by law, including for any liability incurred in their capacities as such, except through their own actual fraud, willful default or willful neglect. We have entered into agreements with our officers and directors to provide contractual indemnification in addition to the indemnification provided for in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. We have purchased a policy of officers and directors liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. Our officers and directors have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account, and have agreed to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any services provided to us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever (except to the extent they are entitled to funds from the trust account due to their ownership of public shares). Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied by us if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our indemnification obligations may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers and directors, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholders investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers and directors pursuant to these indemnification provisions. We believe that these provisions, the insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION See Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance Executive Officer and Director Compensation. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of ordinary shares as of March 2, 2023 based on information obtained from the persons named below, with respect to the beneficial ownership of our shares of ordinary shares, by: each person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares; each of our executive officers and directors that beneficially owns our ordinary shares; and all our executive officers and directors as a group. 

 74 

Table of Contents 
 In the table below, percentage ownership is based on 17,250,000 Class A ordinary shares (which includes Class A ordinary shares that are underlying the units) and 4,312,500 Class B ordinary shares outstanding as of March 2, 2023. The table below does not include the Class A ordinary shares underlying the private placement warrants held by our sponsor because these securities are not exercisable within 60 days of this Report. 

Class B ordinary shares Class A ordinary shares Number of Shares Number of Shares Approximate Beneficially Approximate Beneficially Approximate Percentage of Name of Beneficial Owners (1) Owned (2) Percentage of Class Owned Percentage of Class Voting Control AP Sponsor LLC (our sponsor) 4,222,500 (3) 97.9 19.6 Richard Lee Folsom 4,222,500 (3) 97.9 19.6 Keiichi Suzuki Shankar Krishnamoorthy 30,000 Baek Jorgensen 30,000 Helena Anderson 30,000 All executive officers and directors as a group (Five individuals) 4,312,500 100.0 20.0 Tokyo Century Corporation (4) 2,000,000 11.6 9.3 Saba Capital Management, L.P. (5) 1,609,522 9.3 7.5 Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (6) 1,330,582 7.7 6.2 

 Less than one percent. (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of our shareholders is 10 Collyer Quay, #37-00 Ocean Financial Center, Singapore. (2) Interests shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares one a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, at the time of our initial business combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof as described in the section entitled Description of Securities. (3) The shares reported above are held in the name of our sponsor. Richard Lee Folsom is the sole manager of the Sponsor and has sole voting and dispositive power with respect to the securities of the Issuer held by the Sponsor. As such, Mr. Folsom may be deemed to have or share beneficial ownership of the shares held directly by the Sponsor. (4) Based solely on the Schedule 13G filed by Tokyo Century Corporation on December 29, 2021. Tokyo Century Corporation may be deemed to have voting and dispositive power with respect to the 2,000,000 Class A Units. Tokyo Century Corporation is a publicly-traded company listed on the Tokyo Stock Exchange. Its business address is FUJI SOFT Bldg. 3 Kanda-neribeicho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 101-0022 Japan. (5) Based solely on the Schedule 13G/A filed by Saba Capital Management, L.P., Saba Capital Management GP, LLC and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein on February 14, 2023, (a) each of Saba Capital Management, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership, Saba Capital Management GP, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and Mr. Boaz R. Weinstein have the shared voting power and the shared dispositive power with respect to 1,609,522 Class A ordinary shares; and (b) the business address of each of the foregoing persons is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. (6) Based solely on the Schedule 13G filed by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC on February 2, 2023, (a) Highbridge Capital Management, LLC is a Delaware limited liability company and the investment adviser to certain funds and accounts (the Highbridge Funds ), and the Highbridge Funds have the right to receive or the power to direct the receipt of dividends from, or the proceeds from the sale of, the Class A ordinary shares reported herein held by Highbridge Capital Management, LLC. Highbridge SPAC Opportunity Fund, L.P., a Highbridge Fund, has the right to receive or the power to direct the receipt of dividends or the proceeds from the sale of more than 5 of the Class A Ordinary Shares; and (b) the business address of Highbridge Capital Management, LLC is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. 
 Our sponsor, officers and directors are deemed to be our promoter as such term is defined under the federal securities laws. 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 Changes in Control None. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on December 16, 2021 through the earlier of consummation of an initial business combination and the liquidation, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse the Sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 12,000 under the Administrative Services Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, the balance of due to related party in connection with administrative service were 120,000. Other Transactions With Our Sponsor If any of our officers or directors become aware of a business combination opportunity that falls within the line of business of any entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. Our officers and directors currently have certain relevant fiduciary duties or contractual obligations that may take priority over their duties to us. Other than these monthly fees as described in Administrative Services Agreement , no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers, advisors, directors or their respective affiliates, for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of an initial business combination. However, these individuals will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made by us to our sponsor, officers, advisors, directors or their affiliates and will determine which expenses and the amount of expenses that will be reimbursed. There is no cap or ceiling on the reimbursement of out-of-pocket expenses incurred by such persons in connection with activities on our behalf. In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial business combination, the sponsor or an affiliate of the sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes an initial business combination, the Company may repay such loaned amounts out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the Company. Otherwise, such loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that an initial business combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-business combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants. After our initial business combination, members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting, management or other fees from the combined company with any and all amounts being fully disclosed to our shareholders, to the extent then known, in the tender offer or proxy solicitation materials, as applicable, furnished to our shareholders. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of distribution of such tender offer materials or at the time of a general meeting held to consider our initial business combination, as applicable, as it will be up to the directors of the post-combination business to determine executive and director compensation. We have entered into a registration and shareholder rights agreement pursuant to which our initial shareholders are entitled to certain registration rights with respect to the private placement warrants, the warrants issuable upon conversion of working capital loans (if any) and the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the foregoing and upon conversion of the founder shares, and, upon consummation of our initial business combination, to nominate three individuals for election to our Board of Directors, as long as the sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 Policy for Approval of Related Party Transactions The audit committee of our Board of Directors adopted a charter, providing for the review, approval and/or ratification of related party transactions, which are those transactions required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K as promulgated by the SEC, by the audit committee. At its meetings, the audit committee shall be provided with the details of each new, existing, or proposed related party transaction, including the terms of the transaction, any contractual restrictions that the company has already committed to, the business purpose of the transaction, and the benefits of the transaction to the company and to the relevant related party. Any member of the committee who has an interest in the related party transaction under review by the committee shall abstain from voting on the approval of the related party transaction, but may, if so requested by the chairman of the committee, participate in some or all of the committee s discussions of the related party transaction. Upon completion of its review of the related party transaction, the committee may determine to permit or to prohibit the related party transaction. ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES The following is a summary of fees paid to Marcum Asia CPAs LLP Marcum Asia for services rendered. Audit Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements, reviews of our quarterly financial statements and services that are normally provided by our independent registered public accounting firm in connection with statutory and regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum Asia for audit fees, inclusive of required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and of services rendered in connection with our initial public offering, totaled 80,083 and 100,286, respectively. Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related fees consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review of our year-end financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are not required by statute or regulation and consultation concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. We did not pay Marcum Asia any audit-related fees during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Tax Fees. Tax fees consist of fees billed for professional services relating to tax compliance, tax planning and tax advice. We did not pay Marcum Asia any tax fees during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. All Other Fees. All other fees consist of fees billed for all other services. We did not pay Marcum Asia any other fees during the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBIT AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Form 10-K: 
 (1) Financial Statements: Our consolidated financial statements are listed in the Index to Consolidated Financial Statements on page F-1. (2) Financial Statement Schedules: None. (3) Exhibits 
 We hereby file as part of this Report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Copies of such material can also be obtained on the SEC website at www.sec.gov. 

Exhibit No. Description 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(a) or Rule 15d-14(a). 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer required by Rule 13a-14(b) or Rule 15d-14(b) and 18 U.S.C. 1350. 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the InLine XBRL document) 

 Filed herewith Furnished herewith ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY Not applicable. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report on Form 10-K to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

March 3, 2023 AP Acquisition Corp /s/ Richard Lee Folsom Name: Richard Lee Folsom Title: Chairman and Director Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name Position Date /s/ Richard Lee Folsom Chairman, Director March 3, 2023 Richard Lee Folsom Principal Financial and Accounting Officer /s/ Keiichi Suzuki Chief Executive Officer and Director March 3, 2023 Keiichi Suzuki Principal Executive Officer /s/ Shankar Krishnamoorthy Director March 3, 2023 Shankar Krishnamoorthy /s/ Henrik Baek Jorgensen Director March 3, 2023 Henrik Baek Jorgensen /s/ Helena Anderson Director March 3, 2023 Helena Anderson 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 AP ACQUISITION CORP. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID#: 5395) F-2 Balance Sheets F-3 Statements of Operations F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders Deficit F-5 Statements of Cash Flows F-7 Notes to Financial Statements F-8 F-20 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of AP Acquisition Corp. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheet of AP Acquisition Corp. (the Company as of December 31, 2022, the related statements of operations, changes in shareholders deficit and cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the company s liquidation date is less than one year from the date of the financial statements is issued. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB and in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audit we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ Marcum Asia CPAs LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 3, 2023 Firm ID#: NEW YORK OFFICE 7 Penn Plaza Suite 830 New York, New York 10001 Phone 646.442.4845 Fax 646.349.5200 www.marcumasia.com 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 AP ACQUISITION CORP. BALANCE SHEETS December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash Prepaid expense Total current assets Long-term prepaid expenses Marketable security held in Trust Account Total assets Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit Accrued offering costs and expenses Due to related party Total current liabilities Deferred underwriting commissions Total liabilities Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, shares at and redemption value for December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Shareholders Deficit: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding shares subject to possible redemption) at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total shareholders deficit ) ) Total Liabilities, Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption and Shareholders Deficit The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 AP ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Period from April 22, 2021 For the (Inception) Year Ended Through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Operating costs Loss from operations ) ) Other income (expense): Stock Compensation Expense ) ) Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account Total other income (expense) ) Net income (loss) ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class B ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B ordinary shares ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 AP ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Share Ordinary Share Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Stock Compensation Expense Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) ) ) Net income Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 AP ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS DEFICIT FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 22, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Class B Additional Total Ordinary Share Ordinary Share Paid-in Accumulated Shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Deficit Balance as of April 22, 2021 (inception) Issuance of Class B ordinary Share to initial shareholder Fair value of Public Warrants net of allocated offering costs Sale of Private Placement Warrants Stock Compensation Expense Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption ) ) ) Net loss ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents 
 AP ACQUISITION CORP. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period from April 22, 2021 For the Year (Inception) Ended through December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Interest earned on cash held in Trust Account ) ) Formation costs paid by related party Stock based compensation expense Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Due to related party Accounts payable and accrued expenses ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Investments held in Trust Account ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriters discount Proceeds from issuance of Private Placement Warrants Proceeds from issuance of promissory note Payment of Promissory Note-related party ) Payment of deferred offering costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash ) Cash - Beginning Cash - Ending Non-cash investing and financing activities: Deferred underwriters discount charged to additional paid-in capital Class A ordinary share subject to redemption Remeasurement of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares Deferred offering costs included in accrued offering costs The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents 
 units at per unit (the Unit ), including the issuance of units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one -half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrants ). Each whole public warrant will entitle the holder to purchase share of Class A ordinary shares at an exercise price of per whole share, subject to adjustment. Simultaneously with the consummation of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants ), each exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share, at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to the Sponsor, generating gross proceeds to the Company of . Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, and of other offering costs. The Company must complete one or more initial Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the deferred underwriting commissions and taxes payable on the interest earned on the Trust Account) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will complete the initial Business Combination only if the post-Business Combination company in which its public shareholders own shares will own or acquire or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or is otherwise not required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to complete a Business Combination successfully. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents 
 per Unit sold in the IPO), including the proceeds of the Private Placement Warrants, was held in a trust account Trust Account and may only be invested in United States government securities within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a 7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act that invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any, the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, as discussed below and subject to the requirements of law and regulation, will provide that the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will not be released from the Trust Account (1) to the Company, until the completion of the initial Business Combination, or (2) to the Company s public shareholders, until the earliest of (a) the completion of the initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A ordinary shares that such shareholders properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described herein, (b) the redemption of any public shares properly tendered in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of the Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within months from the closing of the IPO (the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Class A ordinary shares, and (c) the redemption of the Company s public shares if the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination within Combination Period, subject to applicable law. Public shareholders who redeem their Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote described in clause (b) in the preceding sentence shall not be entitled to funds from the Trust Account upon the subsequent completion of an initial Business Combination or liquidation if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within Combination Period, with respect to such Class A ordinary shares so redeemed. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of its public shareholders. The Company will provide its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a general meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether the Company will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the Company, solely in its discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require the Company to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement. The Company will provide its public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon the completion of the initial Business Combination at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account calculated as of business days prior to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations described herein. The amount in the Trust Account was initially per public share. The per share amount the Company will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriter. The Class A ordinary share subject to redemption are recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. 
 F-9 

Table of Contents 
 per public share in the trust account. If the Company has not consummated the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its income taxes, if any (less up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of the then outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any); and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and its board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to consummate an initial Business Combination within Combination Period. The Sponsor and each member of the Company s management team have entered into an agreement with the Company, pursuant to which they have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with the initial Business Combination, (ii) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) that would modify the substance or timing of the Company obligation to provide holders of its Class A ordinary shares the right to have their shares redeemed in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the Company public shares if the Company does not complete the initial Business Combination within Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to the rights of holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares and (iii) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares they hold if the Company fails to consummate an initial Business Combination within Combination Period (although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete the initial Business Combination within the prescribed timeframe). The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company (other than the Company s independent registered public accounting firm), or a prospective target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amounts in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account if less than per public share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest that may be withdrawn to pay the Company s tax obligations, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business that executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the Trust Account nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriter of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, the Sponsor will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third-party claims. However, The Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believe that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. None of the Company s officers or directors will indemnify the Company for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Liquidity, Capital Resources, and Going Concern As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash of and a working capital of . The Company s liquidity needs prior to the IPO had been satisfied through a payment from the Sponsor of (see Note 5) for the founder shares to cover certain offering costs and the loan under an unsecured promissory note from the Sponsor of , which was paid in full on December 21, 2021 (see Note 5). In addition, in order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor, initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may, but are not obligated to, provide the Company Working Capital Loans, as defined below (see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022, there were amounts outstanding under any Working Capital Loans. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents 
 
 F-11 

Table of Contents 
 and in cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company did not have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. and held in the Trust Account, respectively. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents 
 unrecognized tax benefits as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s management determined that the Cayman Islands is the Company s only major tax jurisdiction. The Company recognizes accrued interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as income tax expense. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were unrecognized tax benefits and amounts were accrued for the payment of interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. There is currently no taxation imposed on income by the Government of the Cayman Islands. In accordance with Cayman income tax regulations, income taxes are not levied on the Company. Consequently, income taxes are not reflected in the Company s financial statements. Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the shareholders equity section of the Company s balance sheet. The Company recognizes changes in redemption value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of Class A ordinary shares to equal the redemption value at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Class A ordinary shares are affected by charges against additional paid in capital and accumulated deficit. 
 F-13 

Table of Contents 
 Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Class A ordinary shares issuance costs ) Plus: Remeasurement adjustment on redeemable ordinary shares Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2021 Plus: Remeasurement adjustment on redeemable ordinary shares Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, December 31, 2022 and , respectively. potential ordinary shares for outstanding warrants to purchase the Company s shares were excluded from diluted earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 because the warrants are contingently exercisable, and the contingencies have not yet been met. As a result, diluted net income (loss) per ordinary shares is the same as basic net income (loss) per ordinary shares for the period. The table below presents a reconciliation of the numerator and denominator used to compute basic and diluted net income (loss) per share for each class of ordinary shares: 
 F-14 

Table of Contents 
 ) ) Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted-average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share ) ) as a result of the Initial Public Offering consisting of of underwriting commissions, of deferred underwriting commissions, and of other offering costs. The Company recorded of offering costs as a reduction of temporary equity in connection with the Class A ordinary shares included in the Units, with the remaining amount being a reduction to additional paid-in-capital. Units (including Units purchased by the underwriter as the over- allotment option was fully exercised) at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one -half of one redeemable warrant (the Public Warrant ). Private Placement Warrants (including Warrants as the over- allotment option was fully exercised) at a price of per Private Placement Warrants, for an aggregate purchase price of . The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until after the completion of the initial Business Combination (except pursuant to limited exceptions). The Sponsor, or its permitted transferees, has the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. 
 F-15 

Table of Contents 
 , or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value . On October 22, 2021, founder shares were surrendered to the Company for cancellation for consideration, resulting in Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All share amounts and related information have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender. The founder shares include up to Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter, so that the initial shareholder collectively owned of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the IPO. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on December 21, 2021, Class B ordinary shares are currently subject to forfeiture. On November 24, 2021, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares to the Company s three independent directors for an aggregate purchase price of . The sale of the Founders Shares to the Company s independent directors, as described above, is within the scope of FASB ASC Topic 718, Compensation-Stock Compensation ASC 718 ). Under ASC 718, stock-based compensation associated with equity-classified awards is measured at fair value upon the grant date. The Company used a Monte Carlo Model that values the Founder Shares granted to the directors. The key inputs into the Monte Carlo simulation model were (i) risk- free interest rate of , (ii) volatility of , (iii) estimated term of years. According to Monte Carlo simulation, the fair value of the shares sold to the Company s independent directors was approximately or per share. The appointment of the Company s independent directors was effective upon the IPO s Effective Date of December 16, 2021. The Founders Shares were effectively sold subject to a performance condition (i.e., the service period). Compensation expense related to the Founders Shares is recognized according to the service period before the Business Combination, because if the independent directors resign from the Board prior to completion of the Business Combination they must forfeit a pro rata portion of the compensation equal to the portion of the term remaining at the time of the resignation, assuming the Business Combination will be completed after the Effective Date. As of December 31, 2022, the independent directors had not resigned from the Company. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 22, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, share-based compensation expenses recognized by the Company was and , respectively. The initial shareholder, executive officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any trading day period commencing at least after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial shareholder with respect to any Founder Shares. Promissory Note - Related Party On April 29, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and are due at the earlier of September 30, 2021 or the closing of the IPO. On September 14, 2021, the Sponsor and the Company signed off an amendment to the Promissory Note, and the loans are due at the earlier of March 31, 2022 or the closing of the IPO. On December 21, 2021, the outstanding balance of was fully repaid. The note was terminated at December 21, 2021. Working Capital Loans In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes the initial Business Combination, the Company may repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans may be repaid only out of funds held outside the Trust Account. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust 
 F-16 

Table of Contents 
 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31,2022 and 2021, the Company had borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on December 16, 2021 through the earlier of consummation of the initial Business Combination and the liquidation, the Company has agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support and to reimburse the Sponsor for any out-of-pocket expenses related to identifying, investigating and completing an initial Business Combination. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 22, 2022 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred and , respectively, under the Administrative Services Agreement, which were included in due to related party on the accompanying balance sheet. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the balance of due to related party in connection with administrative service were and , respectively. demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the Company s completion of the initial Business Combination. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until termination of the applicable lockup period, which occurs (i) in the case of the Founder Shares, as described in the following paragraph, and (ii) in the case of the Private Placement Warrants and the respective Class A ordinary shares underlying such warrants, after the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Except as described herein, the Company s initial shareholder, executive officers and directors have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell their Founder Shares until the earliest of (A) after the completion of the initial Business Combination and (B) subsequent to the initial Business Combination, (x) if the closing price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share subdivisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any trading day period commencing at least after the initial Business Combination, or (y) the date on which the Company complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of the public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial shareholder with respect to any Founder Shares. The Company refers to such transfer restrictions throughout this prospectus as the lock up. In addition, pursuant to the registration and shareholder rights agreement, the Sponsor, upon and following consummation of an initial Business Combination, will be entitled to nominate three individuals for appointment to the Company s board of directors, as long as the Sponsor holds any securities covered by the registration and shareholder rights agreement. Underwriting Agreement The Company granted the underwriter a option from the date of the IPO to purchase up to an additional units to cover over-allotments, if any. On December 21, 2021, the underwriter fully exercised its over-allotment option. On December 21, 2021, the Company paid a cash underwriting commission of percent of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or . Additionally, the underwriter is entitled to a deferred underwriting discount of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, or in aggregate, upon the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination. 
 F-17 

Table of Contents 
 preference shares with a par value of and with such designations, voting and other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31,2022 and 2021, there were preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A ordinary shares - The Company is authorized to issue Class A ordinary shares with a par value of per share. As of December 31,2022 and 2021, there were Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, excluding Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption. Class B ordinary shares - The Company is authorized to issue Class B ordinary shares with a par value of per share. Holders are entitled to vote for each share of Class B ordinary shares. On April 29, 2021, the Sponsor paid , or approximately per share, to cover certain offering costs in consideration for Class B ordinary shares, par value . On October 22, 2021, founder shares were surrendered to the Company for cancellation for no consideration, resulting in Class B ordinary shares outstanding. All share amounts and related information have been retroactively restated to reflect the share surrender. The founder shares include up to Class B ordinary shares subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option is not exercised in full or in part by the underwriter, so that the initial shareholder collectively owned of the Company s issued and outstanding ordinary shares after the IPO. As a result of the underwriters election to fully exercise their over-allotment option on December 21, 2021, Class B ordinary shares are currently subject to forfeiture. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were Class B ordinary shares issued or outstanding. Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders except as required by law. Prior to the initial Business Combination, only holders of the Founder Shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors. Holders of the public shares will not be entitled to vote on the appointment of directors during such time. In addition, prior to the completion of an initial Business Combination, holders of a majority of the Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares (which such Class A ordinary shares issued upon conversion will not have redemption rights or be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company does not consummate an initial Business Combination) at the time of the initial Business Combination or earlier at the option of the holders thereof at a ratio such that the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, on an as converted basis, of the sum of (i) the total number of ordinary shares issued and outstanding upon the completion of the IPO, plus (ii) the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, deemed issued or to be issued to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to the Sponsor, its affiliates or any member of the Company s management team upon conversion of Working Capital Loans (unless the holders of a majority of the issued and outstanding Class B ordinary shares agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect to any such issuance or deemed issuance). In no event will the Class B ordinary shares convert into Class A ordinary shares at a rate of less than one to one. 
 F-18 

Table of Contents 
 Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. Each whole warrant entitles the holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment as discussed herein. In addition, if (i) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the Sponsor or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (iii) the volume weighted average trading price of the Company s Class A ordinary shares during the trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummate the initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price described adjacent to Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds and Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the per share redemption trigger price described adjacent to the caption Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The warrants will become exercisable on the later of after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination and 12 months from the closing of the IPO, and will expire after the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants, and the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to cause the same to become effective within business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary shares until the warrants expire or are redeemed, as specified in the warrant agreement, provided that, if the Company s Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, The Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the 60th business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will has failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption, but the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. Redemption of warrants when the price per Class A ordinary share equals or exceeds . Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the outstanding warrants (except as described herein with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): in whole and not in part; at a price of per warrant; upon a minimum of prior written notice of redemption, which the Company refers to as the -day redemption period; and 
 F-19 

Table of Contents 
 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities - Warrants - Public Shareholders Warrants for any trading days within a trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 if the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for any trading days within a trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption to the warrant holders is less than per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities - Warrants - Public Shareholders Warrants - Anti dilution Adjustments ), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding public warrants, as described above. and , respectively, which was held as money market funds. The following table presents information about the Company s assets and liabilities that were measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques the Company utilized to determine such fair value. Significant Significant Quoted Prices Other Other Carrying Value in Active Observable Unobservable December 31, Markets Inputs Inputs 2021 (Level 1) (Level 2) (Level 3) Assets: Investments held in Trust Account - Money Market Fund 
 F-20 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 apca-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

Exhibit 31.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Keiichi Suzuki, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of AP Acquisition Corp (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Keiichi Suzuki Keiichi Suzuki Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 apca-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

Exhibit 31.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15(d)-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Richard Lee Folsom, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 of AP Acquisition Corp (the registrant 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Richard Lee Folsom Richard Lee Folsom Chairman and Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 apca-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

Exhibit 32.1 CERTIFICATION OF THE CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of AP Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Keiichi Suzuki, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Keiichi Suzuki Keiichi Suzuki Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 apca-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

Exhibit 32.2 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of AP Acquisition Corp (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the Report ), I, Richard Lee Folsom, Chairman of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 1. The Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report of the Company fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 3, 2023 /s/ Richard Lee Folsom Richard Lee Folsom Chairman and Director (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.DEF>
 6
 apca-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 7
 apca-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 8
 apca-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 apca-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.CAL>

