<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230323_10-K_edgar_data_1218683_0001213900-23-022430.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>7072963</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>334145</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1358513</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1743877</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1770354</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1670002</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>13</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001213900-23-022430.hdr.sgml : 20230323
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230323160641
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001213900-23-022430
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		96
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230323
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230323

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001218683
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				880445167
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40849
		FILM NUMBER:		23756242

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 CLARK STREET
		CITY:			SHARON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16146
		BUSINESS PHONE:		61 02 8624 6130

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		201 CLARK STREET
		CITY:			SHARON
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			16146

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Wize Pharma, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20171120

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	OphthaliX, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20120207

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	DENALI CONCRETE MANAGEMENT INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20030213

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001213900-23-022430.txt : 20230323

10-K
 1
 f10k2022_mawsoninfra.htm
 ANNUAL REPORT

UNITED STATES 

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended: , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from _____________ to
_____________ 

Commission File No. 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer 
Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip code) 

Registrant s telephone number, including
area code: 

Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(b)
of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC 

Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12(g)
of the Exchange Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a
well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not
required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months
(or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements
for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant
was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the
registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an
emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, 
 smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer: Accelerated filer: : Smaller reporting company: Emerging growth company: 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check
mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting
standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or
issued its audit report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate
market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant was approximately million computed
by reference to the price at which the common equity was last sold, as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently
completed second fiscal quarter. 

As of March
17, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: Portions
of the registrant s definitive proxy statement to be delivered to stockholders in connection with its Annual Stockholders 
Meeting to be held in 2023 are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Only those portions of the
definitive proxy statement that are specifically incorporated by reference herein shall constitute a part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. Such proxy statement will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days of the registrant s fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 
 
 1 

Item 1 
 Business 
 
 1 
 
 Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 
 8 
 
 Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 
 25 
 
 Item 2 
 Properties 
 
 25 
 
 Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 25 
 
 Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 
 25 

PART II 
 
 26 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 26 
 
 Item 6 
 [Reserved] 
 
 27 
 
 Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 
 27 
 
 Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 
 40 
 
 Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 
 40 
 
 Item 9 
 Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 
 40 
 
 Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 
 40 
 
 Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 
 42 
 
 Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 42 

PART III 
 
 43 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 
 43 
 
 Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 43 
 
 Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 
 43 
 
 Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, Director Independence 
 
 43 
 
 Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 
 43 

PART IV 
 
 44 

Item 15 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 44 
 
 Item 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 
 48 

SIGNATURES 
 
 49 

i 

INTRODUCTION 

Throughout this Annual Report,
unless otherwise designated, the terms we , us , our , the Company , Mawson 
and our company refer to Mawson Infrastructure Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation, and its consolidated subsidiaries (unless
otherwise indicated). 

All dollar amounts refer to
U.S. dollars unless otherwise indicated. 

On
February 9, 2023, we effected a reverse stock split of our Common Stock at a ratio of one for six (1:6) (the Reverse
Stock Split ). Unless otherwise indicated, all share and per share amounts included in this Annual Report reflect the effects
of the Reverse Stock Split. 

Statements
made in this Annual Report concerning the contents of any contract, agreement or other document are summaries of such contracts, agreements
or documents and are not complete descriptions of all of their terms. If we filed any of these documents as an exhibit to this Annual
Report or to any registration statement or annual report that we previously filed, you may read the document itself for a complete description
of its terms, and the summary included herein is qualified by reference to the full text of the document which is incorporated by reference
into this Annual Report. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, information contained in this Annual Report concerning our industry and the markets in which we operate, including
our competitive position and market opportunity, is based on information from our own management estimates and research, as well as from
industry and general publications and research, surveys and studies conducted by third parties. Management estimates are derived from
publicly available information, our knowledge of our industry and assumptions based on such information and knowledge, which we believe
to be reasonable. Our management estimates have not been verified by any independent source, and we have not independently verified any
third-party information. In addition, assumptions and estimates of our and our industry s future performance are necessarily subject
to a high degree of uncertainty and risk due to a variety of factors, including those described in Item 1A Risk Factors 
below. 

ii 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

This Annual Report on Form
10-K (this Annual Report contains forward-looking statements, about our expectations, beliefs or intentions regarding,
among other things, our product development efforts, business, financial condition, results of operations, strategies or prospects. Forward-looking
statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking words such as believe , expect , intend ,
 plan , may , should or anticipate or their negatives or other variations of these
words or other comparable words or by the fact that these statements do not relate strictly to historical or current matters. These forward-looking
statements may be included in, but are not limited to, various filings made by us with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission
(the SEC ), press releases or oral statements made by or with the approval of one of our authorized executive officers.
Forward-looking statements relate to anticipated or expected events, activities, trends or results as of the date they are made. Because
forward-looking statements relate to matters that have not yet occurred, these statements are inherently subject to risks and uncertainties
that could cause our actual results to differ materially from any future results expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements.
Many factors could cause our actual activities or results to differ materially from the activities and results anticipated in forward-looking
statements, including, but not limited to, the factors summarized below. 

This
Annual Report identifies important factors which could cause our actual results to differ materially from those indicated by the forward-looking
statements, particularly those set forth under Item 1A - RISK FACTORS below. The risk factors included in this Annual Report
are not necessarily all of the important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any of our
forward-looking statements. Given these uncertainties, you are cautioned not to place undue reliance on such forward-looking statements.
The following important factors, among others, could affect future results and events, causing those results and events to differ materially
from those expressed or implied in our forward-looking statements: 

- 
 our need to, and difficulty in, raising additional
 capital; 

- 
 downturns in the Cryptocurrency industry; 

- inflation; 

- 
 increased interest rates; 

- 
 the inability to procure needed hardware; 

- 
 the failure or breakdown of mining
 equipment, or internet connection failure; 

- 
 access to reliable and reasonably
 priced electricity sources; 

- 
 Cyber-security threats; 

- 
 our ability to obtain proper insurance; 

- 
 construction risks; 

- 
 banks and other financial institutions
 ceasing to provide services to our industry. 

- 
 changes to the Bitcoin network s
 protocols and software; 

- 
 the decrease in the incentive to
 mine Bitcoin; 

- 
 the increase of transaction fees
 related to digital assets: 

- 
 the fraud or security failures of
 large digital asset exchanges; 

- 
 future digital asset, technological
 and digital currency development; and 

- 
 the regulation and taxation of digital
 assets like Bitcoin; 

- 
 our ability to timely and effectively
 implement controls and procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

- 
 material litigation, investigations or enforcement
 actions by regulators and governmental authorities. 

All
forward-looking statements attributable to us or persons acting on our behalf speak only as of the date of this Annual Report and are
expressly qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements included in this Annual Report. We undertake no obligation to update
or revise forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances that arise after the date made or to reflect the occurrence of
unanticipated events. In evaluating forward-looking statements, you should consider these risks and uncertainties. 

iii 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 

Overview 

General 

Mawson Infrastructure Group
Inc is a corporation incorporated in Delaware in 2012. Shares of Mawson s common stock have been listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market
since September 29, 2021. Mawson was previously known as Wize Pharma Inc, and changed its name on March 17, 2021, after the acquisition
of Mawson Infrastructure Group Pty Ltd (then known as Cosmos Capital Limited), a digital infrastructure provider. 

Mawson is a Digital Asset Infrastructure 
business, which owns and operates (through its subsidiaries) data centers for the generation of Bitcoin cryptocurrency (also known as
 Bitcoin mining ), predominately in the United States. Our data centers consist of our proprietary modular data centers MDCs ),
and we continue to develop our MDC technology to improve their performance. Because Mawson takes part in Bitcoin mining, it is often referred
to as a Bitcoin miner. 

Our primary business is the
operation of our own fleet of Application-Specific Integrated Circuit ASIC computers known as Miners within
our data centers. The Miners are used for the mining of Bitcoin. As at the date of this Annual Report, we operate one data
center facility located in Pennsylvania, USA, and are constructing a second. We are actively seeking out future sites for additional data
center facilities. The Miners we operate are focused on the process of digital mining, specifically for Bitcoin. 

In exchange for powering down our systems and curtailing
the power we draw from the grid in response to periods of high electricity demand on the local grid network, we may receive net energy
benefits or compensation. In addition, in 2022 we entered into a new contract which allows us to trade our energy to achieve net energy
benefits. We have recognized a derivative asset on our balance sheet for the contract, which has been measured at fair value with any
changes in fair value recognized in our statement of operations. Both these arrangements have been particularly useful during periods
of high energy prices, and low Bitcoin prices, when our Bitcoin mining business has been less profitable. 

We offer hosting 
or co-location facilities to other businesses who wish to have their Miners located within our facilities and MDCs. These
businesses pay us fees for the use of our facilities and related services. As at the date of this Annual Report Mawson s major hosting
customer is Celsius Mining LLC. Mawson successfully ended its hosting contracts with a number of sub-scale hosting customers during 2022. 

We also sell new and used crypto currency mining
and MDC equipment on a periodic basis, subject to prevailing market conditions and any surplus we may be experiencing. 

As of December 31, 2022 

Existing Operations Online 
 Order and Purchase Agreements 
 Cumulative Fleet Fully Deployed 
 
 Total miners online 
 8,792 
 - 
 8,792 
 
 Total miners on order 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total miners in storage 
 15,010 
 - 
 15,010 
 
 Total miners 
 23,802 
 - 
 23,802 

1 

Our Products and Services 

Mawson s business 

Mawson has three main businesses
through which it generates its revenue: 

Self-mining; 

Hosting; and 

Energy Markets Program. 

Bitcoin Self-Mining 

At the core of Mawson s
operations is Bitcoin mining . Put very simply, Bitcoin mining involves the use of specialized computers to solve algorithmic
problems in order to update the distributed or decentralized ledger of Bitcoin transactions securely. In return for providing this security
to the Bitcoin ledger, Bitcoin miners are rewarded with Bitcoin. The decentralized ledger is the key innovation of the Bitcoin protocol.
It is a public ledger that can be viewed by anyone with specialist knowledge, and is typically kept by more than one entity. An example
of a centralized ledger would be a ledger of bank account transactions kept by a financial institution. 

Mining hardware performs computational
operations to solve specific computing problems in support of the Bitcoin network. The computing power is called hash rate 
and is measured in hashes per second. A hash is the computation run by the mining hardware in support of the
blockchain security; therefore, a Miner s hash rate refers to the rate at which it is capable of solving such computations.
The original equipment used for mining Bitcoin utilized the Central Processing Unit CPU of a computer to mine various
forms of cryptocurrency. Due to performance limitations and growing competition to mine Bitcoin, CPU mining was rapidly replaced by the
Graphics Processing Unit (GPU), which was in turn replaced by Application-Specific Integrated Circuit ASIC Miners. These
ASIC Miners are designed specifically for the task of solving computing problems in support of the Bitcoin network, which maximizes the
rate of hashing operations. As with most current large scale mining operations, Mawson only operates ASIC Miners. 

Hash rate is a measure of
the processing speed of a Miner. Mawson s hash rate is the sum total of its Miners hashrates. Similarly, the sum total of
all Miners actively trying to solve a block in the Bitcoin network is known as the Network Hashrate . If Mawson s proportion
of the Network Hash Rate grows, then Mawson s chance of solving a block on the Bitcoin s blockchain should increase and, therefore,
Mawson s chance of earning a Bitcoin reward should increase. 

If more competitors add hash
rate to the Network Hash Rate, then Mawson must also increase its own hash rate if it wants to ensure that the amount of rewards it receives
over time remains the same or similar. Mawson can increase its hash rate in a number of ways, including by acquiring and operating more
Miners, ensuring that as many of its Miners are online and operational at all times, and by increasing the hashing capability of its Miners
(for example, by providing optimal operating conditions and maintenance). By operating more Miners, Mawson will increase the amount of
power it requires to operate the Miners, thus increasing its costs. Mawson and its competitors have deployed increasingly sophisticated
and efficient Miners in greater numbers, which has meant that older, less efficient Miners have become too inefficient to economically
deploy, and have become redundant. The Network Hash Rate can also decline from time to time, which means that Mawson s hash rate
relative to the Network Hash Rate would increase (if Mawson continued to deploy the same amount of hash rate), increasing the chance that
Mawson will be rewarded with Bitcoin. 

2 

As Mawson increases its hash
rate it increases its chance of solving a particular problem and earning the right to place a block on the blockchain and at the same
time earning a Bitcoin reward, as well as a potential transaction fee. As the global network has modernized and become more efficient,
the hash rate required to regularly solve for a block (that is, the network difficulty has increased significantly, leading
to Bitcoin miners acquiring ever large fleets of more efficient ASIC Miners. The expanding fleets of ASIC Miners generally require more
electrical power. Increased use of electrical power increases the cost of solving a block and, therefore, the relative cost of mining
for Bitcoin. This increase in network difficulty also means that it can become harder for individual mining operations to find a block
and earning any reward or transaction fees for their mining efforts. Individual Bitcoin Miners risk going for extended periods of time
without earning any Bitcoin rewards. 

To smooth the earning of Bitcoin
rewards, most miners, including Mawson, will join a mining pool (that is a group of other miners). A large group of miners
with greater hashing power is more likely to earn a cryptocurrency reward. The members of the mining pool then receive Bitcoin rewards
on a pro rata basis based on total hashing capacity they contributed to the mining pool. This is intended to reduce the variance of our
Bitcoin rewards, and therefore revenue, generation. 

As at the date of this Annual
Report, Mawson operates its own MDCs in one data center facility in Midland Pennsylvania, USA, on land that we have leased on long-term
arrangements. Midland has a 100MW capacity once fully developed. A second data center facility is being developed at Sharon Pennsylvania,
USA. The Sharon facility is scheduled to come online incrementally through 2023/24 commencing in Q2, 2023 starting with 12MW of self-mining
operations. Sharon has a 120MW capacity once fully developed. Together the facilities will have a capacity of 220MW once fully developed. 

Part of Mawson s strategy
is to identify and secure new development sites for future data center facilities which meet our investment criteria. Before committing
to a site, Mawson considers a range of investment criteria, including factors such as climate, community acceptance of Bitcoin mining
operations, secure tenure through long term leases, or the ability to acquire sites, the existence of demand response programs which Mawson
can participate in, the ability to secure low cost, stable, low carbon or carbon-neutral sustainable power, labor and skills availability,
local taxation regimes, and proximity to Mawson s existing supply chains and operations. 

Our core revenue generating operation is the mining
of Bitcoin. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we mined 1,342.59 Bitcoin resulting in revenues totaling 43.11 million. 

Mawson s policy is to
liquidate any mined Bitcoin within a reasonable time after receipt. Mawson does not hold any material amount of Bitcoin on its balance
sheet. Mawson s strategy is to operate as a mining operation, rather than a cryptocurrency investment company. This means that Mawson
regularly liquidates its Bitcoin holdings for traditional fiat currency. Mawson has established relationships with several digital currency
exchanges through which Mawson sells Bitcoin on a regular basis. 

Customer Co-location and Hosting Services 

Due to our strategy of investing
in digital asset infrastructure, including entering into site leases, power purchase agreements and acquiring MDCs and other equipment
necessary for facilities designed for mining Bitcoin, we are able to offer other businesses in the digital asset infrastructure industry
the opportunity to have their ASIC Miners and other equipment located within our facilities. These customers who pay us a fee for the
use of our facilities and related services The customer typically keeps all Bitcoin mined in this manner, while paying Mawson for the
costs of mining, plus a margin. This kind of arrangement is known as hosting or co-location . These arrangements
can be customized for each customer s situation and strategy, and allows Mawson to diversify its income streams, while adjusting
its risk profile. For example, customers may agree to be charged upfront infrastructure fees, minimum fees, and maintenance fees. Such
fees can provide upfront benefits, which de-risks the business, allows Mawson to expand more quickly. Minimum fees can help generate revenue
during periods when our Bitcoin self-mining may not be profitable (for example, due to high energy prices, high difficulty, and low Bitcoin
prices). Counter-party risk is a key issue when entering into hosting arrangements with customers, and Mawson employs a number of mitigation
strategies including deposits and upfront charges. 

3 

Energy Markets Program 

To power all the ASIC miners
at its facilities, Mawson uses substantial amounts of energy. This means that energy is a material input cost for Mawson s operations.
If energy prices are too high, then the cost of mining may be too high to make Bitcoin mining economical. This is especially true at times
when Bitcoin prices are low, and network difficulty is high. Mawson uses proprietary financial models, which it is constantly refining,
which highlight to Mawson when participation in the Energy Markets Program will create greater value than Bitcoin mining. Mawson then
decides whether to mine and whether to curtail its energy usage, by switching off its ASIC miners. 

If Mawson decides to curtail
its energy use, then during these periods Mawson s Bitcoin revenue may be significantly reduced. In addition to hosting revenues
that may be available, Mawson has developed an Energy Markets Program. In addition to energy hedges and derivatives that Mawson may be
able to purchase, Mawson participates in demand response programs. Demand response programs compensate Mawson for periods of curtailment,
and can generate additional revenues for Mawson. 

Further, because Mawson can
be flexible in the way it operates its Bitcoin mining data centers and how it uses energy, Mawson can increase electricity grid stability
by providing demand for energy producers when aggregate power demand is low, and then lowering its own usage when aggregate power demand
is high. 

Factors Affecting Profitability 

The main factors affecting Mawson s Self-Mining
profitability are (in no particular order): 

The market price of Bitcoin; 

The reward Mawson earns for its mining operations; 

Changes in the Network Hash Rate (as described above); 

Changes in the cost of hardware, such as Miners, containers, transformers; 

The cost of land, or leases; and 

The cost of power. 

4 

There is a risk that a change
in any of these factors will have a detrimental effect on Mawson s business. While Mawson takes steps to mitigate these risks,
they cannot be avoided altogether. In particular, the market price of Bitcoin can be volatile, sometimes being subject to major changes
in value in short time periods. For example, 2022 was a prolonged period of falling Bitcoin value. It should also be noted that the reward
for Bitcoin mining is scheduled to halve approximately every 4 years. This phenomenon, which is a feature of the Bitcoin protocol, is
known as halving . The Bitcoin blockchain has undergone halving three times since its inception, on November 28, 2012, July
9, 2016, and May 11, 2020. The original reward was 50 Bitcoin per block, but after the last halving the reward was reduced to its current
level of 6.25 Bitcoin per block. The next halving for the Bitcoin blockchain is anticipated to occur in or around March 2024. This process
will reoccur until the total amount of Bitcoin currency rewards issued reaches 21 million and the theoretical supply of new Bitcoin is
exhausted, which is expected to occur in or around 2140. The value of Bitcoin has historically risen after each halving event, on a halving
to halving basis. 

Environment 

Digital asset mining requires
a large amount of computing power, which in turn requires a large amount of electricity. At Mawson we recognize the important role digital
asset mining can play in supporting the growth of renewable or sustainable energy sources. We seek to power our operations with renewable
or sustainable power and in doing so we hope to support the introduction of further renewable or sustainable power into the grid. We
also enter into arrangements where we may be compensated in certain circumstances if we curtail or reduce or cease our energy usage.
Typically, this will occur when energy prices spike, and the mining of Bitcoin becomes unprofitable. In this way we can provide stability
to the energy grid by reducing our demand on renewable or sustainable energy at times of peak usage, or low supply, potentially reducing
prices for other users. 

Other products and services and investments 

Mawson will from time to time opportunistically
sell hardware that it has acquired, whether used or unused, which is surplus to its requirements, or in order to fund newer and better
equipment. Hardware that Mawson would typically sell includes ASIC miners, transformers and/or MDCs. 

Mawson owns an interest in
Cosmos Asset Management Pty Ltd Cosmos Asset Management ), an Australia based crypto investment manager. During the year
ended December 31, 2022, Cosmos Asset Management was placed into voluntary administration, and is in the process of being wound up. Cosmos
Asset Management successfully launched three cryptocurrency related exchange traded funds in Australia, which were amongst the first of
their kind, however due to the falling cryptocurrency market, investor uptake of the investment products was not sufficient to ensure
that Cosmos Asset Management could operate sustainably. Cosmos Asset Management had agreed a debt funding package and corporate restructuring
with Purpose LP and its other shareholders (including Mawson), however Cosmos Asset Management was placed into voluntary administration
before this package could be fully implemented. 

 We have a 20.63 interest
in a Web 3 infrastructure business Distributed Storage Solutions Limited DSS ). DSS is a decentralized data storage and
compute infrastructure business offering enterprise grade solutions servicing AI and HPC customers in the open science and medical research
fields. DSS is a member of the Filecoin Network of storage providers whereby it generates the native token FIL in return for proving its
capacity and integrity of data stored to the blockchain in a process known as proof-of-space. Decentralized data storage providers seek
to provide an emerging alternative to the current large single company providers such as Amazon Web Services, Azure (Microsoft), and Google
Cloud. Going forward, DSS s large scale computing infrastructure enables it to handle large computing loads on demand, which will
allow it to offer compute-as-a-service , including for the application of artificial intelligence. 

5 

Suppliers 

Mawson engages a range of
suppliers for access to hardware and software required to mine Bitcoin. This includes the manufacturers of the Miners, MDCs and transformers.
Mawson enters into Power Purchase Agreements PPA with its power suppliers that set out the terms and duration of the
supply or power. 

Government Regulation 

Government regulation of
blockchain and cryptocurrency is being actively considered by the United States (federal and state) and international governments, and
their agencies and regulatory bodies. 

Regulations may substantially
change in the future and it is presently not possible to know how regulations will apply to our businesses, or when they will be effective.
As the regulatory and legal environment evolves, we may become subject to new laws, further regulation by the SEC and other agencies,
which may affect our mining and other activities. For example, the state of New York has instituted a partial ban on crypto-currency
mining in that state. For additional discussion regarding the potential risks existing and future regulation pose to our business, see
the Section entitled Risk Factors herein. 

Competition 

The cryptocurrency industry,
in particulate Bitcoin mining, is dynamic and global. The Bitcoin mining network is made up of a variety of competitors, from individual
 sub-scale hobbyists to large, listed mining operations. We compete with the other listed mining companies directly for
the acquisition of new Miners, and raising capital. Bitcoin miners, including Mawson, also compete with more traditional industries,
for example, when obtaining the lowest cost, sustainable electricity, or access to sites with reliable sources of power. Many Bitcoin
mining operations are not publicly operated, and therefore data is not readily available. 

Listed companies operating comparable businesses
include: 

Core Scientific, Inc. (currently in Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection) 

Marathon Digital Holdings, Inc. 

Riot Platforms, Inc. 

Hut 8 Mining Corp. 

TeraWulf Inc. 

HIVE Blockchain Technologies Ltd 

Bitfarms Ltd 

Iris Energy Limited 

6 

Cipher Mining Inc.-- 

Stronghold Digital Mining, Inc.-- 

Argo Blockchain plc 

Greenidge Generation Holdings Inc 

Applied Digital Corp 

Galaxy Digital Holdings Ltd 

Human Capital 

Our employees are critical
to our success. As of March 11, 2023, we had 40 full time and 3 part time employees based in the U.S. and Australia. We also use contractors
where practical and further rely on the extensive expertise of our external advisers, including legal, audit, financial, IT and compliance
consultants, who may be engaged on an hourly basis, or on a project basis. 

We want to attract a committed
and talented workforce. We believe that our ability to attract and retain such a workforce is at least in part dependent on our ability
to foster an environment that is sustainably safe, respectful, fair, and inclusive of everyone and their ideas, and promotes diversity,
equity and inclusion. In our view these aims are congruent with Mawson s overall objective to create a team dynamic where we are
focused on the success of Mawson, and therefore by extension Mawson s various stakeholders, including our stockholders, our suppliers,
our customers, our employees, and the communities we operate in. 

We are committed to providing
a safe workplace for our employees. The Company identifies potential risks associated with workplace activities in order to develop measures
to mitigate possible hazards. 

ESG 

Governments around the world
have been introducing new energy policies and legislation in response to climate change and the effects on energy markets of the Ukraine
war. 

Any legislative changes regarding
climate change or market interventions as a result of the Ukraine war could add significant burden and costs to our business, including
costs related to making our energy consumption more efficient and lower impact on the environment, environmental monitoring and reporting,
and other costs to comply with such changes. Further, there could be reputational damage to our business caused by increased negative
publicity surrounding cryptocurrency and the apparent effects on the environment. If power costs rise so high as to put certain industries
at risk, legislators may intervene in energy markets to direct energy to certain industries. Price caps could be introduced which may
have long-term effects on power prices. If fossil fuel projects are not allowed proceed, then this may have an effect on power prices
if sustainable or renewable energy is insufficient. 

Corporate Information 

Our principal place of business
is 201 Clark Street, Sharon, Pennsylvania 16146. Our Australian office is located at Level 5, 97 Pacific Highway, North Sydney New South
Wales 2060. Our contact email is info@mawsoninc.com, and our website is www.mawsoninc.com. 

Shares of our common stock
have been listed on The Nasdaq Capital Market since September 29, 2021. 

Available Information 

Our investor relations website
is available at mawsoninc.com. The information on, or that may be accessed from, our website is not a part of this Annual Report. Investors
can find a range of information about us there. Available on this website, free of charge, are the reports that we file or furnish with
the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), corporate governance information (including our Code of Business Conduct
and Ethics), and select press releases and other relevant information. 

7 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. 

RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our securities
involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully the following information about these risks, together with the other information
contained in this Annual Report, including the matters addressed in the section entitled CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING
STATEMENTS beginning on page iii of this Annual Report, before making an investment decision. Our business, prospects, financial
condition, and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected as a result of any of the following risks. The value of
our securities could decline as a result of any of these risks. You could lose all or part of your investment in our securities. Some
of the statements in RISK FACTORS are forward-looking statements. The following risk factors are not the only risk factors
facing our company. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also affect
our business, prospects, financial condition, and results of operations and it is not possible to predict all risk factors, nor can we
assess the impact of all factors on us or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ
materially from those contained in or implied by any forward-looking statements. 

Summary of Risk Factors 

Our
business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of
operations. These risks are discussed more fully below and include, but are not limited to, risks related to: 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Management 

- our history of incurring losses; 

- our need to, and difficulty in, raising additional capital; 

- the potential of being delisted from NASDAQ; 

- downturns in the Cryptocurrency industry; 

- inflation; 

- increased interest rates; 

- the inability to procure needed hardware; 

- the failure or breakdown of mining equipment; 

- outages and limitations of internet connectivity; 

- access to reliable and reasonably priced electricity sources; 

- Cyber-security threats; 

- our ability to obtain proper insurance; 

- the prices of digital assets; 

- our reliance on a small number of key employees; 

- the COVID-19 pandemic; 

- our failure to effectively manage our growth; 

- our growth and other acquisitions; 

- the competitiveness of the cryptocurrency industry; 

- global climate change and related environmental regulations; 

- the potential cancellation or withdrawal of required operating
and other permits and licenses; 

- construction risks; and 

- 
 banks and other financial institutions ceasing to provide services to people in our industry, whether through choice or due to their own insolvency or failure. 

Risks Relating to Cryptocurrency Mining, Bitcoin Price and Technology 

- changes to the Bitcoin network s protocols and software; 

- the manipulation of the blockchain by malicious actors; 

- failures of the Bitcoin network to be properly monitored and
upgraded; 

- the decrease in the incentive to mine Bitcoin; 

- 
 an increase in the network difficulty; 

- the increase of transaction fees related to digital assets: 

- the downward press on the price of Bitcoin created by firms
selling their Bitcoin; 

- political or economic crises; 

8 

- the fraud or security failures of large digital asset exchanges; 

- the further development and acceptance of digital asset networks
and other digital assets; 

- future digital asset and digital currency development; and 

- the development of quantum computing. 

Risks Relating to Laws, Regulatory Frameworks, and Legal Action 

- 
 regulatory changes and changes in interpretations of existing regulations, including for digital assets like Bitcoin, or Bitcoin mining itself; 

- our ability to timely and effectively implement controls and
procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002; 

- 
 future developments regarding the treatment of digital assets for U.S. federal income and foreign tax purposes, or other taxes on Bitcoin mining; 

- regulatory intervention by governments impacting the right to
acquire, own, hold, sell, exchange or use Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies; and 

- material litigation, investigations or enforcement actions by
regulators and governmental authorities. 

Risks Relating to the Ownership of Our Common Stock and Other
Common Risks 

- the volatility of our stock price; 

- the volatility and variation in our revenue and operating costs
from period to period; and 

- our failure to meet our publicly announced guidance or other
expectations. 

Risks Relating to Our Business and Management 

We have incurred operating losses since
inception. 

During the time we have operated
we have incurred net losses. We expect to continue to incur losses for the near future, and these losses will likely increase as we pursue
our growth strategy. The future expansion of our business likely requires substantial capital costs and expenses and there can be no
assurance that subsequent operational objectives will be achieved. If we do not achieve our operational objectives, and if we do not
generate cash flow and income, our financial performance and long-term viability may be materially and adversely affected. Our inability
to achieve and then maintain profitability would negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows. 

We may need to raise additional capital
to continue our operations and execute our business strategy. 

We expect that we may incur
net losses for the foreseeable future. Accordingly, our ability to continue as a going concern and execute our business strategy depends
on our ability to raise additional capital through equity, debt or structured financings, collaborations and strategic alliances or other
similar types of arrangements. 

Our capital needs have depended
on, and will continue to depend on, many factors that are highly variable and difficult to predict, including: 

1. the rate of growth we choose to pursue; 

2. the cost of energy; 

3. the cost of key supplies, materials and equipment; and 

4. the price of Bitcoin; 

We may never become profitable. Based on some
of our current operating plan estimates, we have sufficient cash to satisfy our working capital needs and other liquidity requirements
over the next 12 months from the date of issuance of the accompanying consolidated financial statements. We may need to raise additional
capital or significantly curtail our planned operations to remain a going concern. 

Additional capital may not
be available to us, or even if it is, the cost of such capital may be high. We may be forced to obtain additional capital when our stock
price or trading volume or both are low, or when the general market for cryptocurrency companies is weak. Raising capital under any of
these or similar scenarios, if we can raise any at all, may lead to significant dilution to our existing stockholders. We may be forced
to sell assets to raise capital, and we may not be able to realize the full value of those assets at the time of sale. 

9 

Listing on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq 

Although our common stock
is currently listed on Nasdaq, we may not be able to continue to meet Nasdaq s minimum listing requirements or those of any other
national exchange. On August 31, 2022, we received written notice from Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with the minimum bid price
requirements for continued listing. The Nasdaq Listing Rules allow a period of 180 calendar days to regain compliance. On November 23,
2022, our Board of Directors approved the execution of a reverse stock split of all of our outstanding shares of common stock at a ratio
of 1-6, in order to enable the Company to regain compliance with the Nasdaq s minimum listing requirements. That reverse stock split
took effect on February 9, 2023. As of the date of this annual report, Mawson is compliant with the Nasdaq minimum bid price requirements
for continued listing. 

On October 24, 2022, we received
written notice from Nasdaq that we were not in compliance with Nasdaq s audit committee requirements for continued listing due to
the resignation of one of our directors. The Nasdaq Listing Rules provide a cure period in order to regain compliance as follows: (a)
until the earlier of our next annual stockholders meeting or September 13, 2023; or (b) if our next annual stockholders 
meeting is held before March 13, 2023, then until March 13, 2023. On January 31, 2022, Mawson appointed a new member to its Board, Mr.
Rahul Mewawalla, and also appointed him to each of the Company s committees, including the audit committee. As of the date of this
annual report, Mawson is compliant with the Nasdaq audit committee requirements for continued listing. 

If we are unable to maintain
listing on Nasdaq or if a liquid market for our common stock does not develop or is not sustained, our common stock may remain thinly
traded. If, for any reason, Nasdaq should delist our securities from trading on its exchange and we are unable to obtain listing on another
national securities exchange, a reduction in some or all of the following may occur, each of which could have a material adverse effect
on our shareholders: 

1. The liquidity of our common stock; 

2. The market price of our common stock; 

3. Our ability to obtain financing for the continuation of our operations; 

4. The number of investors that will consider investing in our common
 stock; 

5. The number of market makers in our common stock; 

6. The availability of information concerning the trading prices and
 volume of our common stock; and 

7. The number
 of broker-dealers willing to execute trades in our common stock. 

The
Cryptocurrency Industry has experienced multiple downturns 

Bitcoin
prices have fallen substantially over lengthy time periods multiple times in cryptocurrency s history. Most recently the Bitcoin
price fell from over 65,000 in late 2021 to prices below 17,000 in early 2023. A falling Bitcoin price directly affects our ability
to generate revenue, which can affect our ability to meet our financial obligations. Further, volatility in energy prices has meant that
the major input cost to generate Bitcoin has increased. 

The price of Bitcoin can
fluctuate due to investment and trading sentiment amongst users, speculators, and investors for a range of reasons, including changes
in interest rate settings, or negative or positive publicity (for example due to legal proceedings or losses to Bitcoin investors due
to fraud or cyber attacks a cryptocurrency exchange or online wallet). Large holders of Bitcoin may be able to effect large price swings,
especially if they were to liquidate their holdings, which would likely cause the price of Bitcoin to fall. Further, the Bitcoin market
is highly unregulated and could be subject to market manipulation, especially by large holders. In addition, we operate in the U.S. and
Australia and are exposed to fluctuations in fiat currency exchange rates. A fall in the price of Bitcoin will have a negative impact
on our revenues. The prices that we receive for our Bitcoin depend on numerous market factors beyond our control. Due to the highly volatile
nature of the price of Bitcoin, our historical operating results have fluctuated, and continue to fluctuate, significantly from period
to period. Mawson does not use derivatives to hedge Bitcoin prices. 

Corporate collapses of important
companies in the Bitcoin ecosystem (other than Bitcoin miners) or other cryptocurrencies can also have an impact on confidence and the
Bitcoin price. There have been a number of examples of this in the last year, such as the collapse of FTX. 

We are also exposed to the
effect a falling price can have on our counterparties, including the exchanges we use. In particular, in July of 2022, Celsius Networks,
LLC and Celsius Mining LLC, filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. Celsius Mining LLC is our only hosting customer and its failure to pay (or
pay timely) amounts it owes to us when due could have a material adverse effect on our financial situation. Through Chapter 11 bankruptcy
protection, Celsius has avoided paying two pre-petition invoices to our subsidiary Luna Squares LLC totaling in excess of 1.8million. 

10 

Inflation
in the global economy could negatively impact our business and results of operations. 

General
inflation in the United States and around the world has risen to levels not experienced in recent decades. General inflation, including
rising prices for energy, metals, components, and other inputs as well as rising wages negatively impact our business by increasing our
operating costs. As a result of inflation, we have experienced and may continue to experience, cost increases. Although we may take measures
to mitigate the impact of this inflation, if these measures are not effective, our business, financial condition, results of operations,
and liquidity could be materially adversely affected. Even if such measures are effective, there could be a difference between the timing
of when these beneficial actions impact our results of operations and when the cost of inflation is incurred. 

Increased Interest Rates 

Central banks around the world (including the
US Federal Reserves, and the Reserve Bank of Australia) have been increasing their interest rates. While our current borrowings are at
fixed rates of interest, any future borrowings or refinancing may be at higher interest rates than the rates that we have obtained in
the past. 

We or our suppliers may not be able to
procure or repair hardware that is required in our operations. 

Supply chains were disrupted
and being realigned in 2022, due to a variety of shocks including COVID-19, the war in Ukraine and broadening of trade restrictions,
and onshoring efforts of the USA, such as the Chips Act. We expect this uncertainty to continue in 2023. Our business relies on certain
hardware such as the Miners, containers in which to store the Miners, transformers for electricity supply, and cooling technologies.
If we are unable to procure such hardware, or replacement parts (at commercial prices, or at all), or they are delayed, our operations
may be adversely affected which would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. If the manufacturers of such hardware are unable to obtain materials or components themselves, they may experience manufacturing
delays or have to cease manufacturing altogether. Supply chain disruptions may also occur from time to time due to a range of factors
beyond our control, including, but not limited to, increased costs of labor, freight costs and raw material prices along with a shortage
of qualified workers. 

Due to low Bitcoin prices,
many Bitcoin mining companies have curtailed their mining operations, and have delayed expansion plans. This has meant that they are
no longer acquiring new Miners and are selling unused miners. Miners (new and second hand) are, at the date of this annual report, easier
to acquire already landed in the US and at lower prices than early 2022, however it can be expected that the price of Miners will rise,
and they will become more difficult to source as the price of Bitcoin increases. 

There are a small number
of major suppliers of Miners globally, and Miner manufacturing is located primarily in China. If we were unable to source Miners from
those suppliers (for example due to overwhelming global demand for Miners) at a commercial price, or at all, this would have a materially
adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Even if the suppliers have agreed to supply
us with miners, they may fail to supply the Miners due to their inability to manufacture sufficient Miners due to a shortage of components
or resources such as semiconductors, a default, insolvency, a change in control, or change of laws (including export/import restrictions,
quotas or tariffs). In addition, the terms of sale with the Miner suppliers are often in favor of the suppliers and may leave us with
few or no commercial remedies. 

11 

The trade policies of the
U.S. and China in particular are dynamic at the moment, and trade policies such as export/import restrictions, quotas or tariffs, by
either of these countries, or others, may reduce the ability of our suppliers to supply use with Miners, or create a shortage or lack
of components necessary for their manufacture. The government of the People s Republic of China in particular exerts a high level
of influence and control over its economy and businesses (private and state owned). There have been numerous examples of government decisions,
laws and intervention into particular industries in recent times, including a ban on Bitcoin mining in China itself, which has been enforced,
and crackdowns on the private sector, including large technology companies. Uncertainties due to evolving laws and regulations could
also impede the ability of a China-based company, to obtain or maintain permits or licenses required to conduct business in China. Changes
in any of these policies, laws and regulations, or the interpretations thereof, as they relate to the mining hardware suppliers, could
have a negative impact on our business. 

Additionally, if our electricity
suppliers are negatively affected by the international supply chain issues they may not be able to maintain or grow their facilities,
and may breach their commitments to supply us with the contracted power, or we may be unable to source extra power in the future to enable
our growth. This would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Such supply chain disruptions
have the potential to cause material impacts to our operating performance and financial position if the delivery of equipment for our
facilities is delayed. 

Mining equipment is prone to breakdown
or fail. 

Miners and related mining
equipment used to mine digital assets are sophisticated machines, and may be operated for long periods of time. They are thus prone to
breakdown and may not function at any given time. Any downtime of a significant number of our Miners and mining equipment will have a
direct impact on us as they would not be performing their role, that is, solving hashes and earning a block reward. This could occur during
an accident on site, or during transportation of a large number of Miners. In addition, the failure of any critical single piece of equipment
may represent a single point of failure which could have widespread impacts. An example of this would be a fire within a substation resulting
in a total power outage for a mining facility for a period until the substation was rebuilt. Such widespread mechanical issues or critical
failure for any material duration would therefore decrease our revenue. 

Any long-term outage or limitation of the
internet connection at our sites could materially impact our operations and financial performance. 

A secure, reliable and fast
internet connection is required for our Miners to validate and verify Bitcoin transactions, secure transaction blocks and add those transaction
blocks to the Bitcoin blockchain. Any extended downtime, bandwidth limitations or other constraints may reduce our ability to use our
Miners support transactions on the Bitcoin network, and therefore reduce our ability to earn block rewards. The effects of any such events
could have a material adverse effect on our operating results and financial condition. 

Access to reliable electricity sources
at reasonable prices is critical to our growth and profitability. 

Our operations have required
significant amounts of electrical power and, as we continue to expand, we anticipate our demand for electrical power will continue to
grow. If we are unable to continue to obtain sufficient electrical power on a cost-effective basis we may not be able to realize the
anticipated benefits of our significant capital investments. If power prices increase further this will likely materially impact whether
we can generate Bitcoin profitably, and how much net energy benefits we will be entitled to. 

12 

Our Modular Data Centers
require developed land, preferably close to sustainable and reasonably priced electricity sources. If we are unable to acquire rights
to use such land, or lose the rights to land we currently occupy, this would likely mean that we would lose access to the relevant supply
of electricity. A lack of access to the electricity would significantly impact the profitability and viability of our business. 

Additionally, our operations
could be materially adversely affected by prolonged power outages. Therefore, we may have to reduce or cease our operations in the event
of an extended power outage, or as a result of the unavailability or increased cost of electrical power. If this were to occur, our business
and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected. 

Cyber-security threats pose a challenge
to our business including the safekeeping of our digital assets, and a risk of reputational damage. 

Mawson, like almost all businesses
around the world, is subject to continuous malicious attempts to penetrate its systems. We take measures to protect our operations and
our digital and physical assets from unauthorized access, damage or theft; however, it is possible that the security system may not prevent
improper access to, or damage or theft of our assets. A security breach could harm our reputation or result in the loss of some or all
of our assets, or an inability to operate. A resulting perception that our measures do not adequately protect our assets could adversely
affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We promptly and frequently
liquidate cryptocurrencies that we mine and keep a minimum number of cryptocurrencies in our possession so as to minimize our risks against
theft, loss, destruction or other issues relating to hackers and technological attack. We have methods of monitoring and ensuring that
our Miners are directing hashrate to the correct pools and that any Bitcoin produced is sent to the intended recipient. Nevertheless,
this security system may still be penetrated and may not be free from defect or immune to acts of God, and any loss due to a security
breach, software defect or act of God will be borne by us. 

The security system and operational
infrastructure may be breached due to the actions of outside parties, error or malfeasance of an employee, or otherwise, and, as a result,
an unauthorized party may obtain access to our private keys, data or Bitcoins. Additionally, outside parties may attempt to fraudulently
induce employees of ours to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our infrastructure. As the techniques used to obtain
unauthorized access, disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems change frequently, or may be designed to remain dormant until a
predetermined event and often are not recognized until launched against a target, we may be unable to anticipate these techniques or
implement adequate preventative measures. If an actual or perceived breach of our security system occurs, the market perception of the
effectiveness of its security system could be harmed, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations
and prospects. In the event of a security breach, we may also be forced to cease operations, or suffer a reduction in assets, the occurrence
of each of which could adversely affect us. 

13 

We may not have, or be able to obtain or
maintain, relevant business insurance. 

Due to the industry in which
we operate, we may not be able to obtain or maintain some types of insurance that operators of similar businesses in other industries
would usually obtain, at commercially viable premiums, or at all. 

Any digital assets we hold
are not insured. Therefore, a loss may be suffered with respect to our digital assets which are not covered by insurance and for which
no person is liable in damages which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We do not hold our digital
assets with a banking institution or a member of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC or the Securities Investor
Protection Corporation SIPC and, therefore, our digital assets are not subject to the protections enjoyed by depositors
with FDIC or SIPC member institutions. 

If our digital assets are
lost, stolen or destroyed under circumstances rendering a party liable to us, the responsible party may not have the financial resources
sufficient to satisfy our claim. For example, as to a particular event of loss, the only source of recovery we have might be limited
to the extent identifiable, other responsible third parties (e.g., a thief or terrorist), any of which may not have the financial resources
(including liability insurance coverage) to satisfy a valid claim by us. 

The sale of our digital assets to pay expenses
at a time of low digital asset prices could adversely affect our business. 

We promptly and frequently
liquidate cryptocurrencies. This may mean that we sell digital assets at a time when the prices on the respective digital asset exchange
market are low, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

We rely on a small number of key people,
the loss of which could have a significant impact on us. 

The responsibility of the
direction and operation of our business relies heavily on a small number of key people, including our CEO and COO. If any of our key
employees or service providers cease their involvement in our business or, in the unfortunate situation one or more of them are seriously
injured or dies, this loss would have a significant and likely adverse impact on us. 

Our results of operations may be negatively
impacted by a pandemic outbreak . 

In December 2019, the novel
coronavirus, or COVID-19, surfaced globally. The World Health Organization declared a global emergency on January 30, 2020, with respect
to the outbreak. Multiple variants (including Delta and Omicron) have become prominent since the initial outbreak. Although these types
of restrictions have been lifted in most places around the world, and vaccination rates have improved the situation, there can be no
assurance that governments will not re-introduce such restrictions in the future for COVID-19 or some other pandemic. If such restrictions
are re-introduced, we may be required to substantially reduce or cease operations in response. 

14 

Failure to effectively manage our growth
could place strains on its managerial, operational and financial resources and could adversely affect its business and operating results. 

As our digital asset infrastructure
operations grow, the operational demands upon us will grow, and our success will depend upon our ability to meet those demands. Both
the parent company and each of our subsidiaries require certain financial, managerial and other resources, which could create challenges
to our ability to successfully manage our subsidiaries and operations and impact our ability to assure compliance with our policies,
practices and procedures. These demands include, but are not limited to, increased executive, accounting, management, legal services,
staff support and general office services. We may need to hire additional qualified personnel to meet these demands, the cost and quality
of which is dependent in part upon market factors outside of our control. Further, we will need to effectively manage the training and
growth of our staff to maintain an efficient and effective workforce. Conversely, in times of contraction in the industry we will need
to adjust our business and cut costs and sell or end unviable projects. Our failure to do so could adversely affect our business and
operating results. 

We have potential risks in connection with
growth and acquisitions. 

Our future growth may depend
in part on our ability to acquire patented technologies or potential target companies that have synergies with our business activities.
Such acquisitions are subject to numerous risks, including, but not limited to the following: 

our inability to enter into a definitive agreement with respect to
 any potential acquisition, or if we are able to enter into such agreement, our inability to consummate the potential acquisition;

difficulty integrating the operations, technology and personnel of
 the acquired entity including achieving anticipated synergies; 

our inability to achieve the anticipated financial and other benefits of the specific acquisition;

difficulty in maintaining controls, procedures and policies during
 the transition and monetization process; 

diversion of our management s attention from other business concerns; and 

failure of our due diligence process to identify significant issues,
 including issues with respect to patented technologies and other legal, tax and financial contingencies. 

If we are unable to manage
these risks effectively as part of any acquisition, our business could be adversely affected. 

Cryptocurrency mining is a highly competitive industry. 

The cryptocurrency mining
industry is highly competitive, especially for Bitcoin, and there are several competitors who are considerably larger than Mawson, and
who have operated for longer in the industry. With this size and operating history likely comes greater resources (financial, human,
and technical), greater brand recognition and reputation, stronger business relationships, and economies of scale. We expect existing
competitors will expand their operations, new competitors will enter the industry, and some competitors will merge to create even stronger
competitors. The digital asset mining industry is global. Barriers to entry are relatively low in the sense that there is no requirement
to obtain a license or permit to mine for Bitcoin (potential barriers to entry include the need to acquire, install and operate the capital
intensive equipment, access to reasonably priced electricity, and other relevant technical knowledge). If the amount of competing computational
power in the Bitcoin network increases, then the difficulty of the mining process increases, which may lead to lower Bitcoin rewards
for Mawson. 

If we are unable to compete
successfully, or if competing successfully requires us to take costly actions in response to the actions of our competitors, our business,
operating results and financial condition could be adversely affected. 

15 

Global climate change and related environmental
regulations may have an adverse effect on our business operations and financial position. 

Changes in climate and its
effect on the environment such as changes in rainfall, weather patterns, water supplies and shortages, sea level and changing temperatures
could have an adverse effect on our operations and financial performance. The potential physical effects of climate change on our operations,
if any, are highly uncertain. 

Extreme weather events may: 

cause damage to one or more of our modular data centers (that house
 our Miners) and therefore reduce our ability to maximize the performance of the Miners; 

affect the delivery times of equipment ordered from our manufacturers and therefore impact our financial
 forecasts which were scheduled for a certain period of time; or 

cause power disruptions or cuts to our Miners, reducing operating times
 and the performance of the Miners. 

There has been recent commentary
about cryptocurrency mining and its impact on the environment. Governments and related government bodies around the world are introducing
or contemplating legislative and regulatory changes related to cryptocurrency mining in response to a variety of pressures. 

Any legislative changes regarding
climate change could add significant burden and costs to our business, including costs related to making our energy consumption more
efficient and lower impact on the environment, environmental monitoring and reporting, and other costs to comply with such changes. Further,
there could be reputational damage to our business caused by increased negative publicity surrounding cryptocurrency and the apparent
effects on the environment. 

Cancellation or withdrawal of required
operating and other permits and license. 

We must obtain various permits,
approvals and/or licenses in order to construct and operate our facilities. If such permits, approvals and/or licenses are not granted,
or if they are lost, suspended, terminated or revoked, it may result in delays in construction of our facilities, require us to halt
all or part of our operations, or cause us to be exposed to financial or other penalties at the affected locations. Such circumstances
could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and operating results. 

We are subject to construction risks. 

Each Modular Data Center
facility we construct is subject to the usual risks associated with building infrastructure assets. Particular risks include slow or
delayed planning approval processes and permitting and licensing requirements, issues with site condition or hazards, availability and
cost of materials and labor, contractor and sub-contractor default, inability to enter into agreements with the design and build of the
facilities, and inclement weather. 

Banks and financial institutions may cease
to provide financial services to persons involved in cryptocurrency transactions. 

Banks and other financial
institutions can and have made legal and risk-based decisions to not accept customers such as digital assets investors or businesses that
engage in Bitcoin-related activities or that accept Bitcoin as payment. This may be because it would be illegal for them to do so, or
in situations where the legal position is unsure, but subject to material risk. If we, or our major business partners (e.g. exchanges,
mining pools, or ASIC suppliers) are unable to obtain banking services, this will cause material business disruption and loss and damage
to our business. If it occurs to a significant number of Bitcoin users, investors and traders, this may lead to a loss of confidence in
Bitcoin and its value, leading to a fall in the Bitcoin price. 

16 

Risks Relating to Cryptocurrency Mining, Bitcoin
Price and Technology 

Significant contributors to all or any
digital asset network could propose amendments to the respective network s protocols and software that, if accepted and authorized
by such network, could adversely affect us. 

Significant contributors
to all or any digital asset network could propose amendments to the respective network s protocols and software that, if accepted
and authorized by such network, could adversely affect us. For example, with respect to Bitcoins networks, a small group of individuals
contribute to the Bitcoin Core project on GitHub.com. These individuals can propose refinements or improvements to the Bitcoin network s
source code through one or more software upgrades that alter the protocols and software that govern the Bitcoin network and the properties
of Bitcoin, including the irreversibility of transactions and limitations on the mining of new Bitcoin. Proposals for upgrades and discussions
relating thereto take place on online forums. For example, there is an ongoing debate regarding altering the blockchain by increasing
the size of blocks to accommodate a larger volume of transactions. Although some proponents support an increase, other market participants
oppose an increase to the block size as it may deter miners from confirming transactions and concentrate power into a smaller group of
miners. 

To the extent that a significant
majority of the users and miners on the Bitcoin network install such software upgrade(s), the Bitcoin network would be subject to new
protocols and software that could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects.
In the event a developer or group of developers proposes a modification to the Bitcoin network that is not accepted by a majority of
miners and users, but that is nonetheless accepted by a substantial plurality of miners and users, two or more competing and incompatible
blockchain implementations could result. This is known as a hard fork. In such a case, the hard fork in the
blockchain could materially and adversely affect the perceived value of digital assets as reflected on one or both incompatible blockchains,
which may materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

If a malicious actor or botnet obtains
control in excess of 50 of the processing power active on any digital asset network, including the Bitcoin network, it is possible that
such actor or botnet could manipulate the blockchain in a manner that adversely affects us. 

If a malicious actor or botnet
(a volunteer or hacked collection of computers controlled by networked software coordinating the actions of the computers) obtains a
majority of the processing power dedicated to mining on any digital asset network, including the Bitcoin network, it may be able to alter
the blockchain by constructing alternate blocks if it is able to solve for such blocks faster than the remainder of the miners on the
blockchain can add valid blocks. In such alternate blocks, the malicious actor or botnet could control, exclude or modify the ordering
of transactions, though it could not generate new digital assets or transactions using such control. Using alternate blocks, the malicious
actor could double-spend its own digital assets (i.e., spend the same digital assets in more than one transaction) and
prevent the confirmation of other users transactions for so long as it maintains control. To the extent that such malicious actor
or botnet does not yield its majority control of the processing power or the digital asset community does not reject the fraudulent blocks
as malicious, reversing any changes made to the blockchain may not be possible. Such changes could materially adversely affect our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

17 

A failure to properly monitor and upgrade
the Bitcoin network protocol could damage the Bitcoin network and adversely affect us. 

The open-source structure
of the cryptocurrencies network protocols means that the contributors to the protocol are generally not directly compensated for their
contributions in maintaining and developing the protocol. The Bitcoin network, for example, operates based on an open-source protocol
maintained by contributors, largely on the Bitcoin Core project on GitHub. As an open-source project, Bitcoin is not represented by an
official organization or authority. As the Bitcoin network protocol is not sold and its use does not generate revenues for contributors,
contributors are generally not compensated for maintaining and updating the Bitcoin network protocol. The lack of guaranteed financial
incentive for contributors to maintain or develop the Bitcoin network and the lack of guaranteed resources to adequately address emerging
or latent issues with the Bitcoin network may reduce incentives to address the issues adequately or in a timely manner. Modification or
changes to the Bitcoin protocol by a sufficient number of users (known as a fork may lead to unforeseen bugs or other negative
outcomes for Mawson and miners in general. Changes to our latent issues in a digital asset network which we are mining could materially
adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The incentive for Bitcoin mining may decrease
over time as the reward decreases. 

A Bitcoin halving occurs when
block rewards, or the number of Bitcoins entering circulation whenever a block is produced (approximately every 10 minutes), is reduced
by half. This means a new Bitcoin will be subsequently issued half as fast as before. This occurs on a schedule built into Bitcoin s
programming and happens every 210,000 blocks with the purpose being to issue the total supply into the market less frequently over time.
This supply effect increases Bitcoin s scarcity, which has, historically, increased its price. When Bitcoin first started, 50 Bitcoins
were rewarded to miners per block produced. The reward has decreased over the years and, to date, following the last halving event in
May 2020, the block reward is 6.25 Bitcoins per block. Halving events will continue until the block reward reaches zero. The process will
end with a predetermined total of 21 million Bitcoins, estimated to be around the year 2140. Although, at each prior halving event, the
short-term subsequent effect on the Bitcoin price has been an increase in price, this trend may not continue in the future and may have
a reverse effect on the Bitcoin price, in which case, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially
adversely affected. 

More significant reductions
in aggregate hashrate on digital asset networks could result in material, though temporary, delays in block solution confirmation time.
Any reduction in confidence in the confirmation process or aggregate hashrate of any digital asset network may negatively impact the
value of digital assets, which will adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

18 

An increase in transaction fees could reduce
the price of digital assets. 

If fees increase for recording
transactions on the Bitcoin network, demand for cryptocurrencies may decrease and prevent the expansion of the network to retail merchants
and commercial businesses, resulting in a reduction in the price of digital assets that could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

Cryptocurrency firms may be forced to sell
their Bitcoin or cryptocurrency holdings putting downward pressure on the Bitcoin price. 

A professionalized mining
operation may be more likely to sell a higher percentage of its newly mined digital assets rapidly if it is operating at a low profit
margin. In a low profit margin environment, a higher percentage could be sold into the digital asset exchange market more rapidly, thereby
potentially reducing digital asset prices. Lower digital asset prices could result in further tightening of profit margins, particularly
for mining operations with higher costs and more limited capital reserves, creating a network effect that may further reduce the price
of digital assets until mining operations with higher operating costs become unprofitable and remove mining power from the respective
digital asset network. The network effect of reduced profit margins resulting in greater sales of newly mined digital assets could result
in a reduction in the price of digital assets that could adversely impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and
prospects. This process was manifest in 2022, And may continue or occur again in the future. 

Political or economic crises may motivate
large-scale sales of digital assets, which could result in a reduction in some or all digital assets values and adversely affect
us. 

As an alternative to fiat
currencies that are backed by central governments, digital assets such as Bitcoins, which are relatively new, are subject to supply and
demand forces based upon the desirability of an alternative, decentralized asset that can act as a store of value, means of speculation
or a payments system for buying and selling goods and services, and it is unclear how such supply and demand will be impacted by geopolitical
events. Nevertheless, political or economic crises may motivate large-scale acquisitions or sales of digital assets either globally or
locally. Large-scale sales of digital assets would result in a reduction in their value and could adversely affect our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. 

To the extent that the digital asset exchanges
/ custodians representing a substantial portion of the volume in digital asset trading are involved in fraud or experience security failures
or other operational issues, such digital asset exchanges / custodians failures may result in a reduction in the price of some
or all digital assets and can adversely affect us. 

The digital asset exchanges
/ custodians on which the digital assets trade are relatively new (compared to actors in traditional financial services) and, in most
cases, largely unregulated, or subject to little oversight. Furthermore, many digital asset exchanges / custodians (including several
of the most prominent USD denominated digital asset exchanges) do not provide the public with significant information regarding their
ownership structure, management teams, corporate practices or regulatory compliance. As a result, the marketplace may lose confidence
in, or may experience problems relating to, digital asset exchanges / custodians, including prominent exchanges / custodians handling
a significant portion of the volume of digital asset trading. 

19 

A lack of stability in the
digital asset exchange market and the closure or temporary shutdown of digital asset exchanges due to fraud, business failure, hackers
or malware, or government-mandated regulation may reduce confidence in the digital asset networks and result in greater volatility in
digital asset values. These potential consequences of a digital asset exchange s failure could materially adversely affect our
business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

The further development and acceptance
of digital asset networks and other digital assets, which represent a new and rapidly changing industry, are subject to a variety of
factors that are difficult to evaluate. The slowing or stopping of the development or acceptance of digital asset systems may adversely
affect us. 

Currently, there is relatively
small use of Bitcoins and other cryptocurrencies in the retail and commercial marketplace in comparison to relatively large use by speculators,
thus contributing to price volatility that could adversely affect an investment in us. Cryptocurrencies are a relatively new concept
and asset class, so there is still some degree of uncertainty and skepticism about their use. Whether their popularity will gain further
traction is difficult to predict. If the popularity and use of cryptocurrencies diminish and leads to their value decreasing, our business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects may be materially adversely affected. 

Future digital assets and digital currency
development may lessen the usage of Bitcoin . 

Digital asset technology
is rapidly advancing and changing and new digital assets are created regularly. New digital assets competing with the digital assets
we specialize in (such as Bitcoin) may increase in popularity and in turn cause a decline in the value of Bitcoin, which may in turn
lead to a decline in the Bitcoin network and our ability to generate revenue from our current mining activities. This may include the
development of so-called central bank digital currencies (CBCDs). Many governments around the world, and central banks are reportedly
considering or studying the potential for CBCDs, including the Australian federal government and the Reserve Bank of Australia and the
United States Federal Reserve. 

The Bitcoin protocol currently
relies on a proof-of-work verification for validating digital asset transactions. This type of validation consumes large amounts of computing
power and electricity. Proof-of-stake validation is a more recent development, which involves the validator losing part of its cryptocurrency
holdings if it fails to correctly validate a block. While there are some drawbacks to proof-of-stake, it requires far less energy than
proof-of-work. Cryptocurrencies whose transactions are validated on a proof-of-stake basis do not require Miners. Future cryptocurrencies
may utilize proof-of-stake rather than proof-of work, meaning that there will be less opportunity for miners to earn rewards. 

The development of quantum computing threatens
the cryptographic protections of blockchain protocols. 

Governments and corporations
around the world are conducting research and development to produce quantum computers which will be much more powerful than modern computers.
The potential capability of quantum computers poses a potential threat to the underlying cryptographic protections that the Bitcoin blockchain
protocol relies on, and therefore to the reliability of the blockchain, and may therefore undermine users trust in Bitcoin and
digital currencies in general. For example, a quantum computer may provide the possibility of decrypting user private keys and forging
transaction signatures, undermining the integrity of the blockchain. A loss of trust in the digital currencies due to the ability of quantum
computing to undermine security protocols will likely have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial
condition. 

Risks Relating to Laws, Regulatory Frameworks,
and Legal Action 

Digital assets such as Bitcoin are likely
to be more highly regulated. 

Digital assets and cryptocurrencies
have been the source of much regulatory consternation, resulting in differing definitional outcomes without a single unifying statement.
We do not believe our mining activities require registration to conduct such activities and accumulate digital assets. Nevertheless it
is likely that regulation in the digital asset industry will increase. We cannot be certain of future regulatory developments or interpretations,
and it is difficult to list or describe all the risks that Mawson may be subject to in this space. 

20 

Bitcoin is presently legal
in Australia and the U.S., however it may become illegal in the future, to acquire, own, hold, sell, exchange, advise on or use Bitcoins
in Australia and the U.S. or one or more other countries, and may currently be illegal in some countries. 

Regulatory changes or interpretations
could cause us (or any of our related entities) to register and comply with new regulations, resulting in potentially extraordinary,
recurring or non-recurring expenses to continuing our digital assets business, or entering into new business ventures. 

Regulatory changes or interpretations of
our activities require us or any of our affiliates to register as a money services business MSB under the regulations
promulgated by FinCEN 

The U.S. Bank Secrecy Act BSA may require us to register and comply with it and its regulations. If regulatory changes or interpretations of our
activities require the licensing or other registration as a money transmitter (or equivalent designation) under state law in any state
in which we operate, we may be required to seek license or otherwise register and comply with such state law. In the event of any such
requirement, to the extent we decide to continue, the required registrations, licenses and regulatory compliance steps may result in
extraordinary, non-recurring expenses to us and even in a decision to cease our digital asset infrastructure operations. 

To
the extent that our activities cause us to be deemed a MSB under the regulations promulgated by the Financial Crimes Enforcement Network FinCEN ), a unit of the U.S. Treasury Department focused on money laundering under the authority of the U.S. Bank Secrecy
Act, we may be required to comply with FinCEN regulations, including those that would mandate we implement anti-money laundering programs,
make certain reports to FinCEN and maintain certain records. In addition, to the extent that our activities cause us to be deemed a money
transmitter MT or equivalent designation, under state law in any state in which we operate, we may be required
to seek a license or otherwise register with a state regulator and comply with state regulations that may include the implementation
of anti-money laundering programs, maintenance of certain records and other operational requirements. Currently, the New York State Department
of Financial Services requires a BitLicense for businesses that conduct virtual currency business activity, 
and the Conference of State Bank Supervisors has proposed a model statute for state level virtual currency regulation,
which may result in other states requiring virtual currency businesses to seek licenses as money transmitters. Several states have finalized,
or are in the processes of finalizing, virtual currency regulatory regimes that require money transmitter licenses for virtual currency
businesses. Licensed money transmitters are subject to, among other things, the BSA, restrictions and requirements with respect
to the investment of customer funds and use and safeguarding of customer funds and crypto assets, and bonding, net worth, customer notice
and disclosure, reporting and recordkeeping requirements applicable to the company, as well as control persons and inspection and examination
by state regulatory agencies. In July 2016, North Carolina updated the law to define virtual currency and the activities
that trigger licensure in a business-friendly approach that encourages companies to use virtual currency and blockchain technology. Specifically,
the North Carolina law does not require miners or software providers to obtain a license for multi-signature software, smart contract
platforms, smart property, colored coins and non-hosted, non-custodial wallets. Starting January 1, 2016, New Hampshire requires anyone
who exchanges a digital currency for another currency to become a licensed and bonded money transmitter. In numerous other states, including
Connecticut and New Jersey, legislation is being proposed or has been introduced regarding the treatment of Bitcoin and other digital
assets. We will continue to monitor for developments in such legislation, guidance or regulations. 

Such additional federal or
state regulatory obligations may cause us to incur extraordinary expenses, possibly adversely affecting our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects. Furthermore, we and our service providers may not be capable of complying with certain federal or
state regulatory obligations applicable to MSBs and MTs. If we are deemed to be subject to and determined not to comply with such additional
regulatory and registration requirements, we may act to dissolve and liquidate our business. Any such action may materially adversely
impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

21 

If regulatory changes or interpretations
require the regulation of Bitcoins under the Securities Act and Investment Company Act by the SEC, we may be required to register and
comply with such regulations. 

Current and future legislation
and the SEC rulemaking and other regulatory developments, including interpretations released by a regulatory authority, may impact the
manner in which Bitcoins are treated for classification and clearing purposes. As of the date of this report/information statement, we
are not aware of any rules that have been proposed to regulate Bitcoins as securities, but we cannot be certain as to how future regulatory
developments will impact the treatment of Bitcoins under the law. Such additional registrations may result in extraordinary, non-recurring
expenses, thereby materially and adversely impacting our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. If we determine
not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements, we may seek to cease certain of our operations. Any such
action may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 

To the extent that digital
assets, including Bitcoins and other digital assets we may own, are deemed by the SEC to fall within the definition of a security, we
may be required to register and comply with additional regulation under the Investment Company Act, including additional periodic reporting
and disclosure standards and requirements and the registration of the combined company as an investment company. Additionally, one or
more states may conclude Bitcoins and other digital assets we may own as a security under state securities laws which would require registration
under state laws including merit review laws which would adversely impact us since we would likely not be able to comply. Such additional
registrations may result in extraordinary, non-recurring expenses, thereby materially and adversely impacting our business, financial
condition, results of operations and prospects. If we determine not to comply with such additional regulatory and registration requirements,
we may seek to cease all or certain parts of its operations. Any such action would likely adversely affect our business, financial condition,
results of operations and prospects and investors may suffer a complete loss of their investment. 

We may not be able to timely and effectively
implement controls and procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

We are required to comply
with certain provisions of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 Sarbanes-Oxley Act ). Section 404 requires that
our management maintain a system of internal control over financial reporting that provides reasonable assurance regarding the reliability
of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting
principles. It also requires that our management annually evaluate whether our internal control over financial reporting is effective
at providing reasonable assurance and to disclose its assessment to investors. Our management conducted an assessment of the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission COSO ). As a result of this assessment,
management identified material weaknesses in internal control over financial reporting. As a result of the material weaknesses in internal
control over financial reporting described above, the Company s management has concluded that, as December 31, 2022, the Company s
internal control over financial reporting was not effective based on the criteria in Internal Control Integrated Framework issued
by COSO. 

Mawson may not be able to
implement adequate controls and procedures in time that adequately respond to the regulatory compliance and reporting requirements that
are applicable to us. If Mawson is not able to implement the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act in a timely manner
or with adequate compliance, we may not be able to assess whether our internal control over financial reporting are effective, which
may subject us to adverse regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence and the market price of our stock. 

22 

In addition, as a smaller
reporting company and non-accelerated filer, we are not subject to the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act. However, as we grow, we may become subject to the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 

If we fail to comply with
the requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, the accuracy and timeliness of the filing of our annual and quarterly reports
may be materially adversely affected and could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which could
have a negative effect on the trading price of our common stock. In addition, we identified a material weakness in the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting which could result in an increased chance of fraud and the loss of customers, reduce
our ability to obtain financing and require additional expenditures to comply with these requirements, each of which could have a material
adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

Future developments regarding the treatment
of digital assets for U.S. federal income and foreign tax purposes could adversely impact our business. 

Globally, many taxation laws,
rules and guidelines have not been developed with digital assets or cryptocurrencies in focus. For example, many significant aspects
of the U.S. federal income and foreign tax treatment of transactions involving digital assets are uncertain, and it is unclear what guidance
may be issued in the future on the treatment of digital asset transactions for U.S. federal income and foreign tax purposes. 

There can be no assurance
that the IRS or other foreign tax authorities will not alter their position or introduce new laws, regulations or guidance with respect
to digital assets. Any such alteration of existing IRS and other foreign tax authority positions or additional guidance regarding digital
asset products and transactions could result in adverse tax consequences for our business and could have an adverse effect on the value
of digital asset and the broader digital assets markets. In addition, the IRS and other foreign tax authorities may disagree with tax
positions that we have taken, which could result in increased tax liabilities. Future technological and operational developments that
may arise with respect to digital currencies may increase the uncertainty with respect to the treatment of digital currencies for U.S.
federal income and foreign tax purposes. 

Another example of an adverse
ruling would be if we were classified as a passive foreign investment company (a PFIC for any taxable year. Based on the
current and anticipated composition of our income, assets and operations, and our business generally, we do not expect to be treated
as a PFIC for the current taxable year or in the foreseeable future. The application of the PFIC rules to digital assets and transactions
related thereto is subject to uncertainty. There can be no assurance that Mawson will not be classified as a PFIC for the current taxable
year or for any future taxable year. If Mawson is considered a PFIC then there may be negative tax consequences for U.S. holders of our
ordinary shares, as well as being subject to annual information reporting requirements. U.S. holders may wish to consult their tax advisors
about the potential application of the PFIC rules to an investment in our ordinary shares. 

Regulatory intervention by governments
could affect the right to acquire, own, hold, sell, exchange or use Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies. 

Governments have and may
take regulatory actions to restrict the right to acquire, own, hold, sell, exchange or use Bitcoin or other cryptocurrencies. For example,
it may be, or may become, illegal to accept payment in Bitcoin for consumer transactions and banking institutions could be barred from
accepting deposits of cryptocurrencies. Such restrictions would have a negative effect on the value and price of Bitcoin. On the other
hand, some governments could decide to subsidize or support certain Bitcoin mining projects, thus adding hashrate to the overall network,
and having a material adverse effect on the amount of Bitcoin we may be able to mine, the value of Bitcoin and, consequently, our business,
prospects, financial condition and operating results. 

23 

We may be subject to material litigation,
investigations or enforcement actions by regulators and governmental authorities. 

We may become subject to
certain claims, legal proceedings (including individual and class actions) and government investigations or enforcement actions, including
in the ordinary course of business. Agreements entered into by Mawson sometimes include indemnification provisions which can subject
Mawson to costs and damages in the event of a claim against an indemnified third party. Regardless of the merit of particular claims,
defending against litigation or responding to government investigations can be expensive, time-consuming, disruptive to operations and
distracting to management. If Mawson is unable to successfully defend itself against such claims, then it may become liable to make substantial
payments to satisfy judgments, fines or penalties, or alter, delay, limit or cease some or all its business practices. Mawson may suffer
damage to our brand and reputation. 

Risks Relating to the Ownership of Our Common
Stock and Other Common Risks 

The trading price of our common stock is
likely to continue to be volatile. 

The
trading price of our common stock has been highly volatile and could continue to be subject to wide fluctuations in response to various
factors, some of which are beyond our control. Our common stock has experienced fluctuations due to market dynamics, the Bitcoin downturn,
and a Reverse Stock Split. The stock market in general, and the market for technology companies in particular, has experienced extreme
price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of those companies. Our
common stock may be traded by short sellers which may put pressure on the supply and demand for our common stock, further influencing
volatility in its market price. Public perception of our company or management and other factors outside of our control may additionally
impact Mawson s stock price 

Our financial results may vary significantly
from period to period due to fluctuations in our revenue, operating costs and other factors. 

We
expect our period-to-period financial results to vary based on a variety of factors, which we anticipate will fluctuate due to external
factors such as the Bitcoin price and energy costs, may not be consistent or linear between periods. As a result of these factors, quarter-to-quarter
comparisons of our financial results may not be useful, and that these comparisons cannot be relied upon as indicators of future performance.
Moreover, our financial results may not meet the expectations of equity research analysts, ratings agencies or investors, who may be focused
only on short-term quarterly financial results. If any of this occurs, the trading price of our stock could fall substantially, either
suddenly or over time. 

We may fail to meet our publicly announced
guidance or other expectations about our business, which could cause our stock price to decline. 

We may provide from time to time guidance
regarding our expected financial and business performance. Correctly identifying key factors affecting business conditions and predicting
future events is inherently an uncertain process, and our guidance may not ultimately be accurate and has in the past been inaccurate
in certain respects, such as the timing of new exahash. Our guidance is based on certain assumptions, and may vary from actual results,
If our assumptions are not met or are impacted as a result of various risks and uncertainties, the market value of our common stock could
decline significantly. 

24 

ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 

Our principal place of business
is located at 201 Clark Street, Sharon, Pennsylvania 16146 where we have approximately 2,000 feet of office space. The entire Sharon
site is approximately 11,800 square feet. Our principal executive offices are located at 97 Pacific Highway North Sydney NSW Australia
where we license approximately 710 square feet of office space. 

We have long term leases for
each of our two mining facilities at two separate leased properties in Midland and Sharon Pennsylvania USA. Both are former regional industrial
sites which Mawson is bringing back to life. The Midland site was formerly a large steelworks. The Sharon site is solely occupied by Mawson,
and was formerly a [railway logistics yard]. 

We do not own or lease any
other land or buildings. We believe that our existing facilities are suitable and adequate to meet our current business requirements.
However, Mawson is growing and, should we require additional or alternative facilities, we believe that such facilities can be obtained
in reasonable time frames at commercial rates. 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 

We are currently not,
and have not been in the recent past, a party to any legal proceedings which may have or have had in the recent past significant effects
on our financial position or profitability. However, we have been in the past, and may be from time to time in the future, named as a
defendant in certain routine litigation incidental to our business. 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 

Not applicable. 

25 

PART II 

ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON
EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Market Information 

Our Common Stock, par value
 0.001, trades on The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC under the symbol MIGI . 

Holders 

As of March 17, 2023, there were approximately 136 stockholders on
record. The actual number of beneficial owners of our stock is greater than this number of record holders because there are beneficial
owners whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. 

Dividend Policy 

We have not paid any cash
dividends on our Common Stock and do not anticipate paying any cash dividends on our Common Stock in the foreseeable future. We intend
to retain future earnings to fund ongoing operations and future capital requirements of our business. Any future determination to pay
cash dividends will be at the discretion of our Board and will be dependent upon our financial condition, results of operations, capital
requirements and such other factors as our Board deems relevant. Our ability to pay cash dividends is subject to limitations imposed
by state law. 

Unregistered Sales of Equity Securities and
Use of Proceeds 

On September 29, 2022, Mawson
entered into a letter variation relating to some of its Secured Convertible Promissory Notes, with an aggregate principal amount of 3.1
million, which gave those holders the option to elect for pre-payment (including accrued interest to maturity) subject to certain conditions.
Payments of the interest were permitted to be made partially in common stock of Mawson, at Mawson s election. All of the investors
included in this letter variation elected for the pre-payment option and therefore 3.1 million principal repayments made during November
2022, Mawson issued 104,178 unregistered shares of our common stock to the holders of the Secured Convertible Promissory Notes during
January 2023. These shares issued were valued at 0.28 million on the date of issuance and represented a partial payment of the interest
on the debt. 

We believe that the foregoing sales qualified
for exemption under Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D, as promulgated under the Securities Act, since the issuance
of the securities by us did not involve a public offering. The offerings were not public offerings as defined in Section
4(a)(2) due to the type of investors, the insubstantial number of investors involved in the offering, the size of the offering, the manner
of the offering and number of securities offered. In addition, these security holders represented as to the necessary investment intent
as required by Section 4(a)(2) and/or Regulation D. We did not employ an underwriter in connection with the issuance of the securities
described above. 

Purchase of Equity Securities by the Issuer
and Affiliated Purchasers 

We did not repurchase any
securities in the fourth quarter of the fiscal year covered by this report. 

26 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND
ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion
of our financial condition and results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 should be read in conjunction with
our consolidated financial statements and the notes to those statements that are included elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
This discussion and analysis contains forward-looking statements that involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions. The actual results
may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of certain factors, including, but not limited
to, those set forth under Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report. All amounts are in U.S. dollars. 

Pursuant to that certain
Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated February 6, 2023 Mawson executed at a ratio of 1-6
reverse stock split of its outstanding common stock and reduced its authorized common stock to 90,000,000 shares, as set forth in the
Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed February 9, 2023. 

Overview 

Mawson is a Digital Asset Infrastructure 
business, which owns and operates (through its subsidiaries) modular data centers MDCs in the United States. We are also
developing technology to enable us to own and better operate MDCs. 

Our primary business is the ownership and operation
of the digital infrastructure associated with the operation of blockchain applications. Application-Specific Integrated Circuit ASIC computers known as Miners enable the mining of digital assets such as Bitcoin. We currently operate in one site located
in Pennsylvania USA. The Miners we operate are predominately focused on the process of digital mining, specifically for Bitcoin. 

In exchange for powering down our systems and
curtailing the power we get from the grid in response to instances of high electricity demand, we receive net energy benefits. We also
have a contract with our energy provider where we can trade our energy to achieve net energy benefits. We have recognized a derivative
asset on our balance sheet for the contract we have with our energy provider, which has been measured at fair value with any changes
in fair value recognized in our statement of operations. 

We offer hosting or co-location 
facilities to other businesses in the digital asset infrastructure industry to have their Miners located within our MDCs. These businesses
pay us a fee for the use of our facilities and related services (often based on power consumption). 

We also sell new and used crypto currency mining,
and MDC equipment on a periodic basis, subject to prevailing market conditions and our surplus production capacity. 

27 

As
of December 31, 2022 

Existing Operations Online 
 Order and Purchase Agreements 
 Cumulative Fleet Fully Deployed 
 
 Total miners online 
 8,792 
 - 
 8,792 
 
 Total miners on order 
 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total miners in storage 
 15,010 
 - 
 15,010 
 
 Total miners 
 23,802 
 - 
 23,802 

We
continue to conduct research and development in relation to our MDCs which we are actively testing in several configurations and locations
to determine the best configuration for both ASIC and alternate computing uses. 

Prior LO2A Business 

On March 9, 2021, the Company
acquired the shares of Mawson AU in a stock for stock exchange (the Cosmos Transaction ). Prior to the Cosmos Transaction
our main business undertaking was as a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the treatment of ophthalmic disorders, including
dry eye syndrome (our LO2A business ). However, as part of the Cosmos Transaction, substantially all of the economic benefits
of any successful monetization of our LO2A business, if any, will benefit only the holders of the CVRs. Accordingly, we assessed that
the fair value of this asset at the acquisition date was 0. The asset was therefore assessed as impaired and the prior carrying amount
of 23.96 million has been fully expensed in the consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Recent
Developments. 

On February 23, 2022, Luna
Squares LLC entered into the Co-Location Agreement with Celsius Mining LLC Celsius Mining ), pursuant to which Luna Squares
LLC provides a hosting facility, electrical power and internet access to Celsius Mining for the purposes of installing, maintaining and
operating Celsius Mining s ASIC machines (cryptocurrency mining equipment) for a monthly services fee based on power consumption,
plus an infrastructure fee, plus a market margin. In addition, Celsius Mining loaned Luna Squares LLC a principal amount of US 20,000,000 Principal ), for the purpose of funding the infrastructure required to meet the obligations of the Co-Location Agreement,
for which Luna Squares LLC issued a Secured Promissory Note (the Promissory Note in the principal amount equal to the Principal.
The Promissory Note accrues interest daily at a rate of 12 per annum. Luna Squares LLC is required to amortize the loan at a rate of
15 per quarter, with principal repayments starting in the third quarter following the closing. The Promissory Note has a maturity date
of August 23, 2023. . The Promissory Note includes customary events of default and remedies. In connection with the transaction, Mawson
issued to Celsius Mining, warrants to purchase up to 3,850,000 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share, of Mawson at an exercise
price of US 6.50 per share. The warrant may be exercised at any time after issuance and until the later to occur of the eighteen (18)
month anniversary of issuance and the date on which the Promissory Note has been completely repaid. The outstanding loan balance as at
December 31, 2022 is 14.0 million. 

On
March 16, 2022, Luna Squares LLC entered into a lease with respect to a property in the City of Sharon, Mercer County, Pennsylvania with
Vertua Property, Inc, a subsidiary entity in which Vertua Ltd has a 100 ownership interest. James Manning, CEO, a director and a significant
stockholder of the Company is also a director of Vertua Ltd and has a material interest in the Sharon lease as a large shareholder of
Vertua Ltd. The lease contains market standard legal terms, and has a 5 year term, and Luna Squares LLC has 2 options to extend the term
for 5 years each. The Audit Committee of the Company has compared the rent and terms to other arms length leases the Company has
entered into and formed the view the rent is in line with the market for similar properties. Rent is subject to annual increases equal
to the CPI for the Northeast Region, or 4 , whichever is higher. The base rental amount in the first year is 0.24 million. Depending
on power energization and usage, variable additional rent may be payable, with charges ranging from 500 to 10,000 per month, depending
on power energized and whether it is available. Upon the recommendation from the Audit Committee, the directors of the Company, other
than James Manning, were made aware of the material facts as to Mr. Manning s interest in the lease and authorized the Company
in good faith to enter the lease after determining the lease to be fair to the Company. 

On May 12, 2022, Luna
Squares Texas LLC (our wholly owned subsidiary) entered into an Option Agreement and Gross Profit Agreement with JAI TX, LLC and then
signed or took and assignment of 4 leases for properties in Texas (all in close proximity) with the intent to develop MDC facilities for
mining Bitcoin. Luna Squares Texas LLC intended to execute relevant power agreements, with the expectation that the four locations could
provide a combined 120MW of power. Rent under the leases ranges from 1,500 to 5,227.20 per acre per annum. The lessors include a substantial
listed holder of land in Texas, and family groups. Under the Option Agreement, JAI TX, LLC has the option to receive an issue of up to
20 of the membership interests in Luna Squares Texas LLC. The purchase prices will be a share of capital costs equal to the membership
interest acquired by JAI TX, LLC, and an amount of Luna Squares Texas LLC s debt financing in proportion to JAI TX, LLC s
shareholding. In return for certain services provided by JAI TX, LLC, JAI TX, LLC will be entitled to a share of all Electric Reliability
Council of Texas program payments paid to Luna Squares Texas LLC ERCOT Payment ), as well as a share of the Bitcoin profit
from the Texas locations less certain costs, including depreciation. Capital costs for Luna Squares Texas LLC are expected to exceed 4.19m.
See further details regarding the sale of Luna Squares Texas LLC below. 

28 

On
May 27, 2022, Mawson entered into an ATM Agreement with H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC Wainwright ), to sell shares of
our common stock, par value 0.001 per share, (the Shares having an aggregate sales price of up to 100 million, from
time to time, through an at the market offering program under which Wainwright will act as sales agent. We will pay Wainwright
a commission rate equal to 3.0 of the aggregate gross proceeds from each sale of Shares and have agreed to provide Wainwright with customary
indemnification and contribution rights. We will also reimburse Wainwright for certain specified expenses in connection with entering
into the ATM Agreement. The ATM Agreement contains customary representations and warranties and conditions to the sale of the Shares
pursuant thereto. 

During
June 2022 Mawson AU Limited entered into a share subscription and equipment sale deed with Tasmania Data Infrastructure Pty Ltd TDI ).
TDI has a proposed 100 renewable energy Bitcoin Mining facility at the Que River Mine Site in Tasmania, Australia. Mawson AU Limited
has agreed to exchange approximately 2,144 ASIC Bitcoin Miners for 107,042,254 fully paid issued shares in TDI. 

On
September 8, 2022, we entered into a (i) Purchase and Sale Agreement with CleanSpark (as amended, Purchase Agreement ),
and (ii) an Equipment Purchase and Sale Agreement. Pursuant to the Purchase Agreement, CleanSpark assumed from us a lease for approximately
16.35 acres of real property located in Sandersville, Washington County, Georgia, and all personal property situated on the Georgia
Property ). This transaction closed on October 8, 2022, CleanSpark paid the following consideration to the Company pursuant to
the Purchase Agreement: (i) 13.50 million in cash; (ii) 1,590,175 shares of common stock, par value 0.001 per share of CleanSpark (valued
at 4.8 million October 7, 2022), and (iii) 6.5 million in Seller financing in the form of promissory notes. The Promissory Note was
paid down in full on December 16, 2022. Pursuant to the Equipment Purchase Agreement, CleanSpark purchased from the Company, application-specific
integrated circuit miners, and this transaction closed on October 8, 2022 for 9.48 million in cash (which was later reduced to 9.02
million upon reduction in the number of miners). Additional consideration of 1,100,890 shares of CleanSpark Common Stock was paid to
the Company pursuant to the Purchase and Sale Agreement after it successfully emptied all required modular data centers on the Georgia
Property and made them available for use by CleanSpark. We achieved this on December 30, 2022 and received the shares on January 13,
2023. Further potential consideration of 2 million in cash if CleanSpark is able to utilize at least an additional 150 MW of power on
the property by the six month anniversary of the Closing Date. 

On March 8, 2023, the Company
entered into a Member Interest Purchase Agreement MIPA as well as an Equipment Purchase and Sale Agreement EPSA with BMF Holding GP PTE. LTD. BMF ). Pursuant to the MIPA, the Company has agreed to sell all its member interests in Luna
Squares Texas LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, which is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Company, and holds 4 leases in Texas, and
various related contracts. Under the EPSA the Company will sell 59 transformers. Total consideration for this sale was 8.5 million
and 400 Ethereum. As part of this transaction Luna Squares Texas LLC acquired all the memberships interests in an entity known
as JAI TX LLC, which is party to some relevant contracts related to the Texas leases. 

Our legacy business was as
a clinical-stage biopharmaceutical company focused on the treatment of ophthalmic disorders, including dry eye syndrome. All of the economic
benefits of any successful monetization of our LO2A business, if any, would benefit only the holders of contingent value rights CVR and any contingent right holders. Accordingly we assessed that the fair value of this asset at the acquisition date was nil. The asset
was therefore assessed as impaired and the prior carrying amount of 23.96 million has been fully expensed in the consolidated statements
of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021.On March 8, 2021, the Company entered into the Contingent Value Rights Agreement CVR
Agreement ), pursuant to which certain holders of the CVRs had certain rights to any value created in respect of the LO2A business
previously carried on by the Company. Despite the holders representative s good faith endeavors, the holders representative
was unable to procure a suitable transaction. On March 9, 2023, the CVR Agreement was terminated, and the rights of the CVR holders under
that agreement expired at the same time. On February 7, 2023, the Company entered into a share purchase agreement with N.Danenberg Holding
(2000) Ltd to sell the Company s shares or interests in Wize NC Inc, Occuwize Ltd and Wize Pharma Ltd Wize Entities effective December 31, 2022 in consideration for 10,000. This transaction closed on March 9, 2023. As a result of the sale transaction
the Wize Entities were deconsolidated from the group effective December 31, 2022. 

29 

COVID-19.

The
COVID-19 global pandemic has been unpredictable and unprecedented. The Company relies on equipment supplied by third parties which, like
many manufacturing businesses globally, are at risk of supply chain issues. While the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have continued
to recede, and we currently do not expect any material impact on our long-term development, operations, or liquidity, we continue to
monitor the situation. 

Regulation
of Digital Assets 

Digital
assets and cryptocurrencies are constantly the subject of proposed regulatory oversight. In the USA most proposals relate to the issue
of cryptocurrencies, and consumer protections. Some laws have been enacted in North America to limit Bitcoin mining activities in certain
regions where the Company is not active, and no such laws are proposed in the areas where the Company is active, or plans to be active.
China [reportedly] banned Bitcoin mining within its borders, which forced many local miners to commence mining activities in neighboring
Kazakhstan, taking advantage of that country s subsidized power. Due to the influx of mining activity, Kazakhstan was forced to
import power from neighboring countries at great cost, however rather than ban mining activities the government has sought to minimize
the negative effects of mining by issuing mining licenses and conditioning mining activity. We do not believe our mining activities require
licensing or registration or any kind, including to conduct mining activities and selling of digital assets produced. Mawson does not
accumulate or hold large amounts of digital assets for prolonged periods. It is likely that regulation in the digital asset industry
will increase. 

In
the past it has also been noted that the SEC, the Commodity Futures Trading Commission CFTC ), Nasdaq or other governmental
or quasi-governmental agency or organization (including similar authorities in other jurisdictions such as Australia) may conclude that
our digital asset mining activities involve the offer or sale of securities , or ownership of investment securities ,
and we may face regulation under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act or the Investment Company Act
of 1940. Such regulation or the inability to meet the requirements to continue operations, would have a material adverse effect on business,
financial condition, results of operations and prospects of our business. The effect of any future regulatory change, including tax treatment,
on digital assets or an entity dealing in or holding digital assets is impossible to predict, but such change could be substantial and
adverse to our financial returns . 

Environment,
Sustainability, Governance 

Mawson
has a strategy to source renewable or sustainable sources of energy, including carbon-neutral or low carbon emissions sources for the
majority of its operations. This is a key criteria when analyzing a new site for acquisition, or selling an existing site. Mawson believes
it can make a positive contribution towards lowering carbon emissions by supporting low-emissions power sources. 

The
Company can provide, and has provided, electricity grid stability by curtailing its power usage during times of high power prices through
its Energy Markets Program, for example through its membership in the PJM Market, and various demand response programs where they are
available. 

The Company recognizes the
challenges posed by climate change, including regulatory, increased costs, and adverse weather events, and seeks to mitigate these risks
by for example ensuring that it is informed of regulatory changes, keeping involved with industry groups and thought leaders, and ensuring
that physical mitigation steps are undertaken, such as during the process if selecting sites in lower risk climates and regions (i.e.
cooler climates, less prone to flooding, cyclones or wildfires), and then ensuring that the construction of the sites takes into account
potential climate or weather-related events. 

30 

Results of Operations 

Revenue 

Cryptocurrency mining revenues
from production for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 43.11 million and 38.45 million respectively. This represented an
increase of 4.65 million or 12 over the year. The increase in mining revenue for the year was primarily attributable to the increase
in the Bitcoin produced, in total 1,342.59 were produced in 2022 compared with 808.88 in the 2021 period, or an increase of 66 of Bitcoin
produced over the respective period. This increase is offset by an decrease in the in average price of Bitcoin, in the 2022 period the
average price was 28,205 whereas in the 2021 period the average price was 47,390, or a 40 decrease in the average Bitcoin price over
the respective period. 

Hosting co-location revenue
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 13.34 million and 0.85 million respectively. This increase is due to an increase
in the number of co-location customers that we hosted during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Sales of crypto currency mining
equipment for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 14.24 million and 2.16 million, respectively. 

Net energy benefits (which
comprises curtailment income and sale of excess energy to the grid) for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, were 13.70 million
and 0 respectively. This increase is due to there being no income from energy contracts in the 2021 period because we did not offer this
service at that time. 

Operating costs and expenses 

Our operating costs and expenses
include cost of revenues; selling, general and administrative expenses; share based payments; and depreciation and amortization. 

Cost of revenues 

Our cost of revenue consists
primarily of: direct power costs related to cryptocurrency mining and hosting, and cost of mining equipment sold. 

Cost of revenues for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 47.72 million and 9.90 million, respectively. The increase in cost of revenue was primarily attributable
to an increase in power costs related to energy costs to operate the mining equipment within our owned and hosting facilities. 

Selling, general and administrative 

Our selling, general and administrative
expenses consist primarily of professional and management fees relating to: accounting, payroll, audit, and legal; equipment repairs;
marketing; consultant fees; lease amortization and general office expenses. 

Selling, general and administrative
expenses for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 25.85 million and 16.06 million respectively. The increase in selling,
general and administrative expenses were attributable to a number of factors; payroll costs increased by 6.24 million due to an increase
in employee numbers; equipment repairs increased by 2.11 million; lease amortization increased by 1.18 million due to new leases entered
into during the year; marketing expense increased by 1.0 million and there was an increase in property business insurance by 0.8 million.
These increases were partially offset by: a decrease in freight expenses by 1.37 million; a decrease in research and development expenses
by 1.08 million; and a decrease in legal expenses by 0.8 million. The remaining increase in expenses relates to the increase in the
scale of business operations during the year. 

31 

Share based payments 

Share based payment expenses
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 3.01 million and 22.49 million respectively. In the year to December 31, 2022, share
based payments were largely attributable to costs recognized for warrants issued to Celsius Mining LLC amounting to 1.67 million and
 1.26 million in relation to long-term incentives for the Company s leadership team. Whereas in December 31, 2021 share based payments
were largely attributable to HC Wainwright Warrants 6.18 million, W Capital Warrants of 5.78 million, 10.00 million for amounts related
to the obligation of Mawson to issue RSU s pursuant to the terms of the Bid Implementation Agreement for the Cosmos Transaction
and 0.33 million costs recognized in relation long-term incentives for the leadership team. 

Depreciation and amortization 

Depreciation consists primarily
of depreciation of cryptocurrency mining hardware and modular data center (MDC) equipment. 

Depreciation and amortization
for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021 were 63.20 million and 14.11 million, respectively. The increase is primarily attributable
to the new miners and MDCs which have been procured and have come into use by the Company in the year ended December 31, 2022 being greater
than in the year ended December 31, 2021, and the application of a revised estimate of the of the useful life of miners with effect from
December 1, 2022 to better reflect the pattern of consumption the change being effected by changing the method of depreciation from reducing
balance to the straight line method from that date. 

Change in fair value of derivative asset 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was
a change in the fair value of the derivative asset by 11.30 million in relation to our power pricing arrangements. 

Non-operating expense 

Non-operating expenses consist primarily of interest
expense, losses on foreign currency transactions, impairment of financial assets, loss on write off of property and equipment, fair value
loss on investments, and share of losses of equity accounted investments. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, the realized and unrealized loss on foreign currency transactions was 6.67 million, and for the year ended December 31, 2021,
there was a loss of 0.93 million. 

Interest expense for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were 6.06 million and 1.64 million, respectively. This was an increase of 4.42 million which was attributable
to the interest costs charged on the new loans taken out with Celsius Mining LLC, W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd and the Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes issued in July of 2022. 

There was a loss from the
write off of property and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 1.56 million and 0.47 million respectively. 

There was an impairment of
financial assets during the year to December 31, 2022 of 3.38 million, 2.06 million related to the equity accounted investment TDI,
 1.13 million is related to the equity accounted investment Cosmos Asset Management Pty Ltd and 0.19 million in relation to the deconsolidation
of the Wize Entities. 

There was fair value loss
on investments of 1.69 million during the year to December 31, 2022, this was in relation to the decrease in the share price of the investment
held in CleanSpark, a NASDAQ listed company. 

There were losses recognized
for the share of losses in relation to equity accounted investments of 1.25 million and 0.37 million for the year ended December 31,
2022 and 2021 respectively. The current year loss related to the equity accounted investment in TDI whereas the prior year loss related
to the equity accounted investment Distributed Storage Solutions Pty Ltd DSS ). 

32 

Non-operating income 

Non-operating expenses consist primarily of profit
on the sale of our Georgia site and other income. 

During the year ended December
31, 2022, there was profit of site of 8.28 million. This sale was in relation to the sale of our Georgia bitcoin mining site which was
sold to CleanSpark on October 7, 2022. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, there was
other income recognized which mainly consisted of the license of our intellectual property of 1.46 million and 0.53 million for curtailment
income. The license of our intellectual property relates to consulting and advisory services to enable TDI to build a facility in Tasmania,
Australia. 

Net loss available to Common Shareholders 

As a result of the foregoing,
the Company recognized a net loss for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 of 52.76 million and 44.96 million, respectively. 

Non-GAAP Financial Measures 

The Company utilizes a number
of different financial measures, both GAAP and non-GAAP, in analyzing and assessing its overall business performance, for making operating
decisions and for forecasting and planning future periods. The Company considers the use of non-GAAP financial measures helpful in assessing
its current financial performance, ongoing operations and prospects for the future. While the Company uses non-GAAP financial measures
as a tool to enhance its understanding of certain aspects of its financial performance, the Company does not consider these measures to
be a substitute for, or superior to, the information provided by GAAP financial measures. Consistent with this approach, the Company believes
that disclosing non-GAAP financial measures to the readers of its financial information provides such readers with useful supplemental
data that, while not a substitute for GAAP financial measures, allows for greater transparency in the review of its financial and operational
performance. Investors are cautioned that there are inherent limitations associated with the use of non-GAAP financial measures as an
analytical tool. In particular, non-GAAP financial measures are not based on a comprehensive set of accounting rules or principles and
many of the adjustments to the GAAP financial measures reflect the exclusion of items that are recurring and will be reflected in the
company s financial results for the foreseeable future. In addition, other companies, including other companies in the Company s
industry, may calculate non-GAAP financial measures differently than the Company does, limiting their usefulness as a comparative tool. 

33 

The Company is providing supplemental
financial measures for (i) non-GAAP adjusted earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization, or adjusted EBITDA that excludes the impact of interest, taxes, depreciation, amortization, share-based compensation expense, LO2A write-back, unrealized
gains/losses on share of associates, and certain non-recurring expenses. We believe that adjusted EBITDA is useful to investors in comparing
our performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis. 

For the Years Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Reconciliation of non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA: 

Net loss: 
 (54,035,559 
 (45,461,664 
 
 Share of net loss of associates accounted for using the equity method 
 1,254,025 
 368,426 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 63,200,178 
 14,113,730 
 
 Share based payments 
 3,012,480 
 22,491,100 
 
 Unrealized and realized losses 
 6,673,124 
 932,866 
 
 Other non-operating revenue 
 (2,401,555 
 (902,629 
 
 Other non-operating expenses 
 7,624,435 
 2,114,699 
 
 Tax 
 - 
 277,717 
 
 LO2A write-back 
 - 
 23,963,050 
 
 Impairment of financial assets 
 3,375,230 
 - 
 
 Fair value loss on investments 
 1,694,388 
 - 
 
 EBITDA (non-GAAP) 
 30,396,746 
 17,897,295 

For the Quarters Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenue 
 16,852,208 
 19,647,771 
 
 Cost of revenues (excluding depreciation) 
 (6,759,938 
 (3,686,578 
 
 Gross Profit 
 10,092,270 
 15,961,193 
 
 Reconciliation of non-GAAP adjusted EBITDA: 

Net Profit/(loss): 
 (18,808,069 
 1,804,928 
 
 Share of net loss of associates accounted for using the equity method 
 1,254,025 
 90,630 
 
 Depreciation and amortization 
 17,138,505 
 6,186,396 
 
 Share based payments 
 887,806 
 711,203 
 
 Unrealized and realized losses 
 310,530 
 204,309 
 
 Other non-operating revenue 
 (469,603 
 (322,924 
 
 Other non-operating expenses 
 3,263,618 
 1,040,202 
 
 Tax 
 - 
 276,216 
 
 Fair value loss on investments 
 1,694,388 
 - 
 
 Impairment of financial assets 
 2,240,682 
 - 
 
 EBITDA (non-GAAP) 
 7,511,882 
 9,990,960 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 

General 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we financed
our operations primarily through: 

1. 
 Net cash provided by operating activities of 14.26 million; 

2. 
 On October 15, 2021, an expansion of the Equipment Finance and Security Agreement was entered into with Foundry Digital LLC Foundry to purchase an additional 2000 Whatsminers M30 s delivered in October 2021. In total 13,185,062 was borrowed from Foundry. The amounts due were repaid in full on October 17 2022; 

3. 
 On December 9, 2021, MIG No.1 Pty Ltd entered into a Secured Loan Facility Agreement with Marshall Investments MIG Pty Ltd Marshall with a total loan facility of AUD 20 million (USD 12.98 million). Principal repayments began in November 2022. The outstanding balance as at December 31, 2022, is USD 10.21 million. 

34 

4. 
 On February 23, 2022, Luna Squares LLC entered into the Co-Location Agreement with Celsius Mining LLC, in connection with this agreement, Celsius Mining loaned Luna Squares LLC a principal amount of US 20,000,000, for the purpose of funding the infrastructure required to meet part of the obligations of the Co-Location Agreement. The Secured Promissory Note evidencing this loan accrues interest daily at rate of 12 per annum. Luna Squares LLC is required to amortize the loan at a rate of 15 per quarter, with principal repayments starting in the third quarter following the closing. This Secured Promissory Note has a maturity date of August 23, 2023. The outstanding principal balance as at December 31, 2022, is 14.0 million. 

5. 
 On July 8, 2022, the Company issued secured convertible promissory
notes to investors in the aggregate principal amount of 3,600,000 in exchange for an aggregate of 3,600,000. The Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes are convertible at the option of the holder at a price of 0.85 per share of our common stock. The Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes bear interest of twenty percent (20 per annum. One-half of the interest that accrues each month on the Secured Convertible
Promissory Notes must be paid monthly. All unpaid principal, together with any then unpaid and accrued interest and other amounts payable
under the Secured Convertible Promissory Notes, is due and payable if not converted pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Secured
Convertible Promissory Note on the earlier of (i) one year after its issuance, or (ii) following an event of default. On September 29,
2022, the Company entered into a letter variation relating to some of the Secured Convertible Promissory Notes, with an aggregate principal
amount of 3.1 million, which gave those holders the option to elect for pre-payment (including accrued interest to maturity) subject
to certain conditions. Payments of the interest may be made partially in common stock of the Company, at the Company s election.
All of the investors included in this letter variation elected for the pre-payment option and therefore there were 3.1 million principal
repayments made during November 2022. 

6. 
 On September 2, 2022, Mawson Infrastructure Group Pty Ltd entered into
a Secured Loan Facility Agreement with W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd with a total loan facility of AUD 3 million (USD 1.9 million). This
was amended on September 29, 2022, and the loan facility was increased to AUD 8 million (USD 5.2 million). As at December 31, 2022, AUD 4.9
million (USD 3.37 million) has been drawn down from this facility. The Secured Loan Facility accrues interest daily at a rate of 12 per
annum and is paid monthly. Principal repayments due March 2023. 

During the year ended December 31, 2022 we repaid
 28.0 million of principal payments against the historical facilities provided by Foundry, Celsius, Marshall, W Capital and the convertible
notes. 

We believe our working capital requirements will
continue to be funded through a combination of the cash we expect to generate from future operations, our existing funds, external debt
facilities available to us and further issuances of shares. These are expected to be adequate to fund our operations over the next twelve
months. In addition, the Company has access to equity financing through the ATM offering facility entered in May 2022. For our business
to grow it is expected we will continue investing in mining equipment, but we are likely to require additional capital in either the short-term
or long-term. 

Working Capital and Cash Flows 

As of December 31, 2022, and
December 31, 2021, we had cash and cash equivalent balance of 0.95 million and 5.47 million in cash and cash equivalents, respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022, and
December 31, 2021, the trade receivables balance was 10.46 million and 5.61 million respectively. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had 23.61 million of
outstanding short-term borrowings, and as of December 31, 2021, we had 11.10 million of short-term borrowings. The short-term borrowings
as of December 31, 2022, relate to Celsius Mining LLC, W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd, the secured convertible promissory notes issued to
investors and Marshall Investments MIG Pty Ltd. As of December 31, 2022, and as of December 31, 2021, we had 4.51 million and 7.64 million,
respectively, of outstanding long-term borrowings. The long-term borrowings as of December 31, 2022, relate to the secured loan facility
with Marshall Investments MIG Pty Ltd. 

35 

As of December 31, 2022, we
had negative working capital of 15.17 million and as at December 31, 2021, we had negative working capital of 8.63 million. The decrease
in working capital was primarily attributable to an increase in the Company s short term and long-term borrowings during 2022, as
compared to 2021. 

The following table presents
the major components of net cash flows (used in)/provided by operating, investing and financing activities for the year ending December
31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 
 2021 

Net cash provided by operating activities 
 14,256,294 
 22,953,792 
 
 Net cash used in investing activities 
 (32,540,422 
 (128,247,751 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 
 13,986,496 
 109,854,460 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, net cash provided by operating activities was 14,256,294 and for the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating
activities was 22,953,792. The decrease in net cash provided by operating activities was primarily attributable to timing differences
in trade and other receivables and trade and other payables. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, net cash used in investing
activities was 32,540,422 and 128,247,751, respectively. The decrease in net cash used in investing activities was primarily attributable
to the decrease in the acquisition of cryptocurrency mining equipment. 

For the year ended December
31, 2022, and 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 13,986,496 and 109,854,460, respectively. The decrease in net cash
provided by financing activities was primarily attributable to proceeds from the capital raises which occurred in the prior period. 

Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

For information with respect
to recent accounting pronouncements, see Note 2v to our audited consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Revenue Recognition Digital asset mining revenue 

The Company recognizes revenue under ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts
with Customers. The core principle of ASC 606 is that a company should recognize revenue to depict the transfer of promised goods or services
to customers in an amount that reflects the consideration to which the company expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods or services.
Five steps are required to be followed in evaluating revenue recognition: (i) identify the contract with the customer; (ii) identity the
performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price; and (v) recognize
revenue when or as the entity satisfied a performance obligation. 

In order to identify the performance obligations in a contract with
a customer, a company must assess the promised goods or services in the contract and identify each promised good or service that is distinct.
A performance obligation meets ASC 606 s definition of a distinct good or service (or bundle of goods or services)
if both of the following criteria are met: The customer can benefit from the good or service either on its own or together with other
resources that are readily available to the customer (i.e., the good or service is capable of being distinct), and the entity s
promise to transfer the good or service to the customer is separately identifiable from other promises in the contract (i.e., the promise
to transfer the good or service is distinct within the context of the contract). 

There is currently no specific definitive guidance in U.S. GAAP or
alternative accounting frameworks for the accounting of managing digital currencies and management has exercised significant judgement
in determining appropriate accounting treatment for the recognition of revenue for such operations. 

36 

The Company has entered into a contract with mining pools and has undertaken
the performance obligation of providing computing power in exchange for non-cash consideration in the form of cryptocurrency. The provision
of computing power is the only performance obligation in the Company s contract with its pool operators. Where the consideration
received is variable (for example, due to payment only being made upon successful mining), it is recognized when it is highly probable
that the variability is resolved, which is generally when the cryptocurrency is received. 

The Company measures the non-cash consideration received at the fair
market value of the cryptocurrency received. Management estimates fair value on a daily basis, as the quantity of cryptocurrency received
multiplied by the price quoted on the crypto exchanges that the Company uses to dispose of cryptocurrency on the day it was received. 

Property and equipment 

Property and equipment are stated at cost, net of accumulated depreciation.
The cost includes any cost of replacing part of the property and equipment with the original cost of the replaced part being derecognized.
All other repair and maintenance costs are recognized in profit or loss incurred. The present value of the expected cost for the decommissioning
of an asset after its use is included in the cost of the respective asset if the recognition criteria for a provision are met. Property,
plant and equipment transferred from customers is initially measured at the fair value at the date on which control is obtained. 

The depreciable amount of fixed assets is depreciated on a straight-line
or declining balance basis based on the asset classification, over their useful lives to the economic entity commencing from the time
the assets arrive at their destination where they are ready for use. Low-cost assets are capitalized and immediately depreciated. Depreciation
is calculated over the following estimated useful lives: 

Asset class 
 
 Useful life 
 
 Depreciation Method 
 
 Fixtures and Fittings 
 
 5 years 
 
 Straight-Line 
 
 Plant and equipment 
 
 10 years 
 
 Straight-Line 
 
 Modular data center 
 
 5 years 
 
 Declining 
 
 Motor Vehicles 
 
 5 years 
 
 Straight-Line 
 
 Computer equipment 
 
 3 years 
 
 Straight-Line 
 
 Processing Machinery (Miners) 
 
 2 years 
 
 Straight-Line 
 
 Transformers 
 
 15 years 
 
 Straight-Line 
 
 Leasehold improvements 
 
 Lease term 
 
 Straight-Line 

An item of property, plant and equipment and any significant part initially
recognized is derecognized upon disposal or when no future economic benefits are expected from its use or disposal. Any gain or loss arising
on derecognition of the asset (calculated as the difference between the net disposal proceeds and the carrying amount of the asset) is
included in the income statement when the asset is derecognized. 

The residual values, useful lives and methods of depreciation of property,
plant and equipment are reviewed at each financial year end and adjusted prospectively, if appropriate. 

The Company changed its policy in relation
to freight costs in relation to processing machines with effect from October 1, 2021. Prior to this date these costs were expensed to
the statement of operations and profit and loss, and afterwards these costs are capitalized into processing machinery. This change resulted
in an increase in processing machines in the balance sheet of 3,130,638 as at December 31, 2022, and an increase in the depreciation
charge to the year to December 31, 2022 statement of operations and profit and loss of 84,735 over the prior treatment. 

The Company s long-lived
assets are reviewed for impairment in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 360, Property, Plant
and Equipment , whenever events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable.
Recoverability of assets to be held and used is measured by a comparison of the carrying amount of an asset to the future undiscounted
cash flows expected to be generated by the assets. If such an asset is considered to be impaired, the impairment to be recognized is measured
by the amount by which the carrying amount of the asset exceeds its fair value. Assets to be disposed of are reported at the lower of
the carrying amount or fair value less costs to sell. 

37 

Fair value of and recognition of revenue from financial instruments: 

The Company accounts for financial instruments under FASB Accounting
Standards Codification Topic ASC 820, Fair Value Measurements. This statement defines fair value, establishes a framework
for measuring fair value in generally accepted accounting principles, and expands disclosures about fair value measurements. To increase
consistency and comparability in fair value measurements, ASC 820 establishes a fair value hierarchy that prioritizes the inputs to valuation
techniques used to measure fair value into three levels as follows: 

Level 1 quoted prices (unadjusted) in active markets
for identical assets or liabilities; 

Level 2 observable inputs other than Level 1, quoted
prices for similar assets or liabilities in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar assets and liabilities in markets that
are not active, and model-derived prices whose inputs are observable or whose significant value drivers are observable; and 

Level 3 assets and liabilities whose significant value
drivers are unobservable. Observable inputs are based on market data obtained from independent sources, while unobservable inputs are
based on the Company s market assumptions. Unobservable inputs require significant management judgment or estimation. In some cases,
the inputs used to measure an asset or liability may fall into different levels of the fair value hierarchy. In those instances, the fair
value measurement is required to be classified using the lowest level of input that is significant to the fair value measurement. Such
determination requires significant management judgment. 

Fair value measured at December 31, 2022 

Total carrying value as at December 31, 2022 
 Quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) 
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Derivative asset 
 11,299,971 
 - 
 - 
 11,299,971 
 
 Marketable securities 
 3,243,957 
 3,243,957 
 - 
 - 

Fair value measured at December, 2021 

Total carrying value at December 31, 2021 
 Quoted prices in active markets (Level 1) 
 Significant other observable inputs (Level 2) 
 Significant unobservable inputs (Level 3) 
 
 Derivative asset 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 
 Marketable securities 
 326,801 
 326,801 
 - 
 - 

Level 1 Assets: 

The Company held 50 million shares in DXN Limited DXN ),
an Australian Securities Exchange ASX listed company as at December 31, 2021. This was recorded at fair value with changes
in fair value recognized in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the DXN investment
is classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as it is quoted on an active market, that being the ASX. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company sold all its shares in DXN. 

38 

The Company holds 1.59 million shares in CleanSpark, as at December
31, 2022. This was recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations.
The fair value of the CleanSpark investment is classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as it is quoted on an active market,
that being the Nasdaq. 

Level 3 Assets: 

Power Supply Agreement 

In June 2022, the Company
entered into a Power Supply Agreement with Energy Harbor LLC, the energy supplier to the Company s Pennsylvania facility, to provide
the delivery of a fixed portion of the total amount of electricity for a fixed price through to December 2026. If the Pennsylvania facility
uses more electricity than contracted, the cost of the excess is incurred at a new price quoted by Energy Harbor LLC. 

While the Company manages
operating costs at the Pennsylvania facility in part by periodically selling unused or uneconomical power back to the market, the Company
does not consider such actions trading activities. That is, the Company does not engage in speculation in the power market as part of
its ordinary activities. Because the sale of any electricity under a curtailment program allows for net settlement, the Company has determined
the Power Supply Agreement meets the definition of a derivative under ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging, ASC 815 ). However,
because the Company has the ability to sell the power back to the grid rather than take physical delivery, physical delivery is not probable
through the entirety of the contract and therefore, the Company does not believe the normal purchases and normal sales scope exception
applies to the Power Supply Agreement. Accordingly, the Power Supply Agreement (the non-hedging derivative contract) is recorded at estimated
fair value each reporting period with the change in the fair value recorded in change in fair value of derivative asset in the consolidated
statements of operations (refer to fair value of financial instruments policy). 

The Power Supply Agreement was classified as a derivative asset from
the quarter ended 30 June 2022 and measured at fair value on the date of Power Supply Agreement, with changes in fair value recognized
in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The estimated fair value of the Company s derivate
asset is classified in Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy due to the significant unobservable inputs utilized in the valuation. Specifically,
the Company s discounted cash flow estimation models contain quoted commodity exchange spot and forward prices and are adjusted
for basis spreads for load zone-to-hub differentials through the term of the Power Supply Agreement, which ends in December 2026. In addition,
the Company adopted a further discount rate of approximately 20 above the terminal value of the observable market inputs, but also includes
unobservable inputs based on qualitative judgment related to company-specific risk factors. The terms of the Power Supply Agreement require
pre-payment of collateral, calculated as forward cost based on the market cost rate of electricity versus the fixed price stated in the
contract. 

Share based payments 

The Company follows FASB Codification Topic ASC 718-10 Compensation-Stock
Compensation. The Company expenses stock-based compensation to employees and non-employees over the requisite service period based on
the estimated grant-date fair value of the awards. The Company determines the grant date fair value of the restricted stock units RSUs and options using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The assumptions used in calculating the fair value of stock-based awards represent
management s best estimates and involve inherent uncertainties and the application of management s judgment. These assumptions
are the expected stock volatility, the risk free interest rate, the expected life of the option, the dividend yield on the underlying
stock and the expected forfeiture rate. Expected volatility computes stock price volatility over expected terms based on its historical
common stock trading prices. Risk free interest rates are calculated based on the implied yield available on U. S. 10-year Treasury
bond. 

39 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES
ABOUT MARKET RISK. 

As a smaller reporting company,
we have elected not to provide the disclosure required by this item. 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY
DATA. 

All information required by
this item is included in Item 15 of Part IV of this Annual Report and is incorporated into this item by reference. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS
ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 

None. 

ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

Our management, with the participation of
our Chief Executive Officer (principal executive officer) and Chief Financial Officer (principal financial officer), has evaluated the
effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a- 15(e)) and 15d- 15(e) under the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Our management recognizes
that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives
and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based
on this evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer have concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures
were not effective at the reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022, due to the material weaknesses in our internal control over
financial reporting described below. Management s assessment of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures is expressed
at a level of reasonable assurance because management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated,
can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination
of deficiencies, in internal control over financial reporting, such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement
of our annual or interim financial statements will not be prevented or detected on a timely basis. 

Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible for establishing and
maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our
internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial
reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles
in the United States. Internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (i) pertain to the maintenance
of records that in reasonable detail accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our company; (ii)
provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with
generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations
of our management and directors; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
use or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control
over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods
are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the
policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

40 

Management assessed our internal control over financial
reporting as of December 31, 2022, the end of our fiscal year. Management based its assessment on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Management s assessment
included evaluation of such elements as the design and operating effectiveness of key financial reporting controls, process documentation,
accounting policies, and our overall control environment. 

The material weaknesses identified are described
below. 

Significant Reliance on Key Individuals. There
is inadequate segregation of duties in place related to our financial reporting and other management review and oversight procedures due
to the lack of sufficient accounting personnel. This is not inconsistent with similar small fast-growing organizations. This gives rise
to the risk of lack of ability to react in a timely manner to operations issues and meet increased US GAAP/PCAOB/SOX/SEC registrant requirements.
In addition, this poses the risk that compliance and other reporting obligations are not dealt with in an adequate manner. 

Controls over the financial
statement close and reporting process. Controls were not adequately designed or implemented in the financial statement close and
reporting process. This includes controls related to complex and judgmental accounting transactions including business acquisitions and
divestures, derivatives, manual journal entries, account reconciliations and financial statement policies and disclosures. 

Information and Technology Controls .
 There are control deficiencies related to information technology IT general controls that aggregate into a material
weakness. Deficiencies identified include lack of controls over access to programs and data, program changes, program development, program
changes and general IT controls. 

Data from third parties. The Company
did not properly execute its designed controls to ensure that data received from third parties is complete and accurate. Such data is
relied on by the Company in determining amounts pertaining to mining and hosting revenue, net energy benefits, and cryptocurrency assets. 

Fixed asset verification. The Company
did not properly execute its designed controls around physical asset verification at US mining sites. Together with system limitations,
restricting tracking of fixed asset movements, there is a risk around the existence of fixed assets. The root cause is the lack of sufficient
capable personnel to perform physical asset inspections, combined with system limitations. 

Notwithstanding the identified material weaknesses
and management s assessment that our internal control over financial reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, management
believes that the consolidated financial statements included in this quarterly Report on Form 10-Q fairly present, in all material respects,
our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows as of and for the periods presented in accordance with generally accepted
accounting principles. We rely on the assistance of outside advisors with expertise in these matters in preparing the financial statements. 

Remediation 

Our Board of Directors and management take internal
control over financial reporting and the integrity of our financial statements seriously. Our management continues to work to improve
its controls related to our material weaknesses. With the oversight of senior management and our audit committee, we continue to remediate
the underlying causes of the identified material weaknesses, primarily through the performance of a risk assessment process; the development
and implementation of formal, documented policies and procedures, improved processes and control activities (including an assessment of
the segregation of duties); as well as the hiring of additional finance personnel for specific roles such as financial reporting. During
the year ended December 31, 2022, we made the following changes to our internal control over financial reporting that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting: 

At the start of the financial year, we performed a risk assessment and designed controls for all significant business processes. Subsequently, we have continued to refine our design assessment and we have gradually implemented controls over the course of the year. Key remediation efforts performed include the expansion of our finance and compliance team, the implementation of entity level controls and process level controls over financial reporting and IT, and the implementation of new systems and applications in support of creating an effective and sustainable control environment. A number of controls remain to be implemented in the upcoming financial year. 

41 

The material weaknesses in our internal control
over financial reporting will not be considered remediated as controls did not operate for a sufficient period of time up to the end of
the financial year, to be tested for and concluded on for effectiveness. 

Remediation efforts for upcoming financial year
will be focused on refining and implementing the remainder of controls and validating the effectiveness of implemented controls using
criteria set forth by Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control. We cannot provide any
assurance that these remediation efforts will be successful or that our internal control over financial reporting will be effective as
a result of these efforts. In addition, we continue to evaluate and work to improve our internal control over financial reporting related
to the identified material weaknesses, management may determine to take additional measures to address control deficiencies or determine
to modify the remediation plan described above. 

Changes in internal control over financial reporting 

Except for the remedial measures described above,
there have been no other changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) of the Exchange
Act) that occurred during the most recently completed fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially
affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting. 

Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and
Procedures and Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

In designing and evaluating
the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures,
no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition,
the design of disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting must reflect the fact that there are resource
constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative
to their costs. 

ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT
INSPECTIONS. 

Not applicable. 

42 

PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND
CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

Information required to be
disclosed by this Item with respect to our executive officers is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference from the
section entitled Directors, Named Executive Officers and Corporate Governance contained in our definitive proxy statement
for our 2023 annual stockholder meeting, which we intend to file within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 

Information required to be
disclosed by this Item with respect to our executive officers is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference from the
section entitled Executive Compensation contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual stockholder meeting,
which we intend to file within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL
OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS. 

Information required to be
disclosed by this Item with respect to our executive officers is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference from the
section entitled Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters contained
in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual stockholder meeting, which we intend to file within 120 days of the end of our fiscal
year ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED
TRANSACTIONS, DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 

Information required to be
disclosed by this Item with respect to our executive officers is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference from the
section entitled Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence contained in our definitive proxy
statement for our 2023 annual stockholder meeting, which we intend to file within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year ended December
31, 2022. 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 

Information required to be
disclosed by this Item with respect to our executive officers is incorporated into this Annual Report on Form 10-K by reference from the
section entitled Principal Accountant Fees and Services contained in our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual
stockholder meeting, which we intend to file within 120 days of the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

43 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) Index to Exhibit and Financial Statement
Schedules 

(1) Financial Statements. 

The following consolidated financial statements
are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

44 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

AS OF DECEMBER 31, 2022 

U.S. DOLLARS 

INDEX 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number F-2 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-4 Consolidated Statements of Operations F-5 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive loss F-6 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders Equity F-7 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-9 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-10 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM (PCAOB ID 6714) 

To the Board of Directors and Stockholders
of Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. 

Opinions on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying consolidated
balance sheets of Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. and its subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and
the related consolidated statements of operations and comprehensive loss, of stockholders equity and of cash flows for each of
the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated
financial statements ). 

In our opinion, the consolidated financial
statements referred to above present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and
2021 and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Change in Accounting
Principles 

As discussed in Note
2 to the consolidated financial statements, the Company changed the manner in which it accounts for property and equipment in 2021. 

Basis for Opinions 

These consolidated financial statements
are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated
financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance
with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were
we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an
understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the
Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that
respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial
statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as
evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinions. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matter communicated
below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the consolidated financial statements that was communicated or required to
be communicated to the audit committee and that (i) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the consolidated financial
statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters
does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the
critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 

Evaluation of the Recognition and Disclosure
of Digital Currency Mining Revenue 

As disclosed in Note 2 to the financial statements,
the Company recognizes revenue in accordance with ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers. The Company provides computing
power to bitcoin mining pools in exchange for the award of non-cash consideration in the form of bitcoin, which the Company measures at
fair value on the date awarded. 

We identified the recognition, measurement and
disclosure of bitcoin mining revenue as a critical audit matter because of the complexity of auditing this revenue. This is because mining
digital assets is an emerging industry with unique technological aspects that raise a number of auditing challenges and significant audit
effort is required, and that there is currently no specific definitive guidance in U.S. GAAP or alternative accounting frameworks for
the accounting for mining of digital currencies. 

F- 2 

The Company has exercised significant judgement
in determining appropriate accounting treatment for the recognition, measurement and disclosure of revenue from bitcoin mining operations.
During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized digital currency mining revenue of approximately 43.1 million. 

The primary procedures we performed to address
this critical audit matter included the following: 

Evaluated
 the design and effectiveness of the IT general controls over the Company s IT environment
 and key financially relevant systems 

Evaluated
 the design and effectiveness of certain financial controls pertaining to the Company s
 processes for identifying and recognizing revenue from Bitcoin Mining 

Independently
 confirmed certain data and records of digital currency rewarded directly with mining pools; 

Independently
 confirmed certain data and records of digital currency disposed of directly with digital
 currency exchanges; 

Compared
 the Company s records of digital currency rewarded from mining activities to publicly
 available blockchain records; 

Evaluated
 management s rationale for the application of ASC 606 to account for digital currency
 awards earned; 

Evaluated
 and tested management s rationale and documentation associated with the valuation of
 Bitcoin awards earned; and 

Evaluated
 management s disclosures of its digital currency activities in the financial statements
 and footnotes. 

LNP Audit and Assurance International Pty
Ltd 

/s/ Anthony Rose Director 

March 23, 2023 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

F- 3 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 

December 31, 

2022 

2021 

ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid expenses 

Trade and other receivables 

Assets held for sale 

-

Cryptocurrencies 

-

Total current assets 

Property and equipment, net 

Derivative asset 

-

Equipment deposits 

-

Equity accounted investments 

-

Marketable securities 

Security deposits 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY 

Current liabilities: 

Trade and other payables 

Current portion of operating lease liability 

Current portion of finance lease liability 

Borrowings 

Total current liabilities 

Trade and other payables 

-

Operating lease liability, net of current portion 

Finance lease liability, net of current portion 

Long-term borrowings 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (note 15) 

-

-

Shareholders equity: 

Additional paid-in capital; Common stock authorized, issued and outstanding par value shares). Series A preferred stock authorized shares; nil issued and outstanding as at December 31, 2022) 

Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 

() 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Non-controlling interest 

() 

() 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 4 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the Years Ended 

December 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Revenues: 

Cryptocurrency mining revenue 

Hosting Co-Location revenue 

Sale of equipment 

Net energy benefits 
 
 -

Other revenue 
 -

Total revenues 

Less: Cost of revenues (excluding depreciation) 

Gross profit 

Selling, general and administrative 

LO2A write off 
 -

Share based payments 

Depreciation and amortization 

Total operating expenses 

Change in fair value of derivative asset 
 
 -

Loss from operations 

Non-operating income/(expense): 

Losses on foreign currency transactions 

Share of net loss of associates accounted for using the equity method 

Other income 

Interest expense 

Loss on write off property, plant and equipment 

Profit on sale of site 
 
 -

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 
 
 -

Impairment of financial assets 
 
 -

Loss before income taxes 

Income tax expenses 
 -

Net Loss 

Less: Net loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Net Loss attributed to Mawson Infrastructure Group shareholders

Net Loss per share, basic diluted

Weighted average number of shares outstanding 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 5 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 

For the Years Ended December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 Net Loss 

Other comprehensive income/(loss) 

Foreign currency translation adjustment 

Comprehensive loss 

Less: Comprehensive loss attributable to non-controlling interests 

Comprehensive loss attributable to common stockholders 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 6 

MAWSON
INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY 

For the Year Ended December
31, 2022 

Common Stock (#) 
 Common Stock ) 
 Additional Paid-in- Capital 
 Reserves 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive 
 Income/ (Loss) 
 Accumulated Deficit 
 Total Mawson Stockholders 
 Equity 
 Non- controlling interest 
 Total Equity 
 
 Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Issuance of common stock, stock based compensation 

-
 
 -

-

Issuance of warrants 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

-

Issuance of RSU s and stock options 

-
 
 -

-

Issuance of common stock, net of offer costs 
 
 -

-
 
 -
 
 -

-

Net loss 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

Other comprehensive income 
 - 
 -
 
 -
 
 -

-

Non-controlling interest 
 - 
 -

-
 
 -

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 7 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
EQUITY 

For the Year Ended December 31, 2021 

Series A 
 Preferred 
 Stock 
 (#) 

Series A 
 Preferred 
 Stock 
 ) 

Common 
 Shares 
 (#) 

Common 
 Stock 
 (#) 

Common 
 Stock 
 ) 

Share 
 Subscription 
 Receivable 

Additional 
 Paid-in- 
 Capital 

Reserves 

Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income/(Loss) 

Accumulated 
 Deficit 

Total 
 Mawson 
 Stockholders 
 Equity 

Non- 
 controlling interest 

Total 
 Equity 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 

Exchange of stock and Reverse recapitalization of Wize
 Pharma Inc 

- 

() 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Issuance of common stock, net of offer costs, PIPE
 transaction 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of convertible notes, net of offer costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock, net of offering costs / at-the
 market offerings 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Fair value of IPR D acquired, net of Business Combination
 transaction costs 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Fair value adjustment of LO2A intellectual property
 revenue sharing obligation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock, stock based compensation 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock, settlement of convertible
 note interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of RSU s and stock options 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock, conversion of Series A preferred
 stock 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock, on conversion of convertible
 notes 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of common stock, exercise of warrants 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

Issuance of stock by subsidiary to non-controlling
 interest 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Purchase remaining non-controlling interest of Luna
 Squares LLC 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Exercise of RSU s 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Other 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

- 

- 

() 

- 

() 
 
 Net loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

() 
 
 Other comprehensive loss 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

- 

Balance as of December 31,
 2021 

- 

- 

- 

- 

() 

() 

() 

The accompanying notes are
an integral part of the consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 8 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Years Ended December
 31, 

2022 
 2021 
 
 CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES 

Net loss 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

LO2A write offs 
 -

Non-cash lease expense 

Unrealized loss on marketable securities 
 
 -

Unrealized gain on derivative asset 
 
 -

Non-cash proceeds from the sale of intellectual property 
 
 -

Impairment on equity accounted associate investment 
 
 -

Non-cash consideration received in the form of shares 
 
 -

Loss on write off on property and equipment 
 
 -

Non-controlling interest 
 
 -

Share of loss of equity accounted investments 

Interest on convertible notes satisfied by issue of notes 
 -

Interest accrued 
 
 -

Foreign exchange loss 

Loss on sale of shares 

Share based payments 

Gain on disposal of fixed assets 

Acquisition of Wize Pharma Inc 
 -

Buyout of non-controlling interest 
 -

Changes in operating assets and liabilities 

Trade and other receivables 

Other current assets 

Trade and other payables 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Proceeds from sale of investments 
 
 -

Deposits received in relation to sale of Georgia site 
 
 -

Purchase of investment shares 
 -

Proceeds from sales of property and equipment 

Payment of fixed asset deposits 

Net cash used in investing activities 

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITES 

Proceeds from common share issuances 

Proceeds from convertible notes 

Payments of capital issuance costs 

Proceeds from borrowings 

Proceeds from shareholder loans 

-

Repayment of lease liabilities 

Repayments of borrowings 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Effect of exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents 

Net increase in cash and cash equivalents 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of period 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of period 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information 

Cash
 paid for interest 

Non-cash investing and financing transactions 

Sale of site in exchange for shares 
 
 -

Sale of property and equipment in exchange for shares 
 
 -

The accompanying notes are an integral part of
the consolidated Financial Statements. 

F- 9 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP,
INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million, and as at December 31, 2022, had net current liabilities of million, had
total net assets of million and had an accumulated deficit of million. The Company s cash position as at December
31, 2022, was million. These conditions raise substantial doubt upon the Company s ability to continue as a going concern
for at least a year from the date of approval of these unaudited consolidated financial statements. 

F- 10 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE
GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED
FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 1:- 
 GENERAL (Cont.) 

million. To the extent the Company raises additional capital
or debt, this could cause additional dilution to the Company s current stockholders. The terms of any future capital raise or debt
issuance and the costs of any financing are uncertain. There are no assurances that the Company would be able to raise additional financing
when needed or that it would be able to do so on favorable terms. However, based on the Company s public float, as of the date of
the filing of its Annual Report on Form 10-K, the Company is only permitted to utilize a shelf registration statement, including
the registration statement under which the Company s ATM Facility is operated, subject to Instruction I.B.6 to Form S-3, which is
referred to as the baby shelf rules. For so long as the Company s public float is less than , it may not
sell more than the equivalent of one-third of its public float during any twelve consecutive months pursuant to the baby shelf rules.
Although alternative public and private transaction structures are expected to be available, these may require additional time and cost,
may impose operational restrictions on the Company, and may not be available on attractive terms. As of March 17, 2023, the Company had
the capacity to issue up to million worth of shares under the baby shelf rules. If the Company s public float decreases,
the amount of securities the Company may sell under its Shelf Registration Statement will also decline. 

F- 11 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

F- 12 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2:- 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

F- 13 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2:- 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

F- 14 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2:- 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

F- 15 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2:- 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

Average AUD 1 = USD 

F- 16 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2:- 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

Number of Bitcoin added 

Number of Bitcoin sold 

Closing number of Bitcoin held 

F- 17 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2:- 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

In addition,
Mawson AU had an outstanding obligation to W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd W Capital for options over the equity of Mawson
AU which was terminated for consideration of warrants over the Company s shares being issued to W Capital 

F- 18 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2:- 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

Marketable securities 

-
 
 -

million shares in DXN Limited DXN ),
an Australian Securities Exchange ASX listed company as at December 31, 2021. This was recorded at fair value with changes
in fair value recognized in the accompanying unaudited condensed consolidated statements of operations. The fair value of the DXN investment
is classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as it is quoted on an active market, that being the ASX. During the year ended December
31, 2022, the Company sold all its shares in DXN. 

million shares in CleanSpark a Nasdaq
listed company, as at December 31, 2022. This was recorded at fair value with changes in fair value recognized in the accompanying consolidated
statements of operations. The fair value of the CleanSpark investment is classified in Level 1 of the fair value hierarchy as it is quoted
on an active market, that being the Nasdaq. 

F- 19 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2:- 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

F- 20 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2:- 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

years 

Plant
 and equipment 
 
 years 

Modular
 data center 
 
 years 

Motor
 Vehicles 
 
 years 

Computer
 equipment 
 
 years 

Processing
 Machinery (Miners) 
 
 years 

Transformers 
 
 years 

Leasehold
 improvements 
 
 years 

as at December 31, 2022, and an increase in the depreciation
charge to the year to December 31, 2022 statement of operations and profit and loss of over the prior treatment. 

-year Treasury bond. 

F- 21 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2:- 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

F- 22 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 2:- 
 SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Cont.) 

F- 23 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Options to purchase common stock 

Restricted Stock-Units RSUs issued under a management equity plan 

Weighted average common shares - basic and diluted 

Net loss per share of Common Stock, basic and diluted 

shares. A further
Certificate of Amendment to the Certificate of Incorporation of the Company dated February 6, 2023, was executed at a ratio of 1-6 reverse
stock split of its outstanding common stock and reduced its authorized common stock to shares. 

F- 24 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

fully paid issued shares in TDI. 

fully paid issued shares in TDI. 

fully paid issued shares in TDI, this sale
was effective on November 23, 2022. 

Total Consideration 

Less impairment 

Total 

Equipment 

Intellectual property 

Payables 

Total 

shareholder of TDI and therefore was accounted for as an equity investment from this date under ASC 323 Investments Equity
Method and Joint Ventures (ASC 323). Prior to November 23, 2022, when Mawson did not have significant control of TDI it was accounted
at fair value using ASC 321 Investments Equity Securities (ASC 321). 

million. 

Research and development tax credit 
 -

Goods and service tax refund 

F- 25 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Computer equipment 

Furniture fixtures 

Processing machines (Miners) 

Modular data center 

Motor Vehicles 

Transformers 

Low-cost assets 

Assets under construction 

Leasehold improvements 
 
 -

Total 

Less: Accumulated depreciation 

Reclassification to assets held for sale (NOTE 8) 
 
 -

Property and equipment, net 

and for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. The company
changed its estimate of the useful life of its Miners with effect from December 1, 2022 to better reflect the pattern of consumption,
the change was effected by changing the method of depreciation from reducing balance to the straight line method from that date. The effect
of this is to increase the depreciation charge in the period by million to million. The effect on loss per share in the period
is a change from per share to per share. 

million for year ended December 31, 2022, these assets were disposed of as part of the sale of the Georgia site to CleanSpark.
There was nil impairment charges for the year ended December 31, 2021. There was a write-off of miners amounting to million during
the year to December 2022. 

million cash
was paid for equipment which was recorded as either a deposit or within property plant and equipment on the balance sheet. 

and respectively, in refundable security deposits. 

F- 26 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Security deposit 

Operating lease right-of-use asset 

Assets held for sale 

ownership
interest in TDI, a private Australian company. Additional disclosure regarding changes in our equity method investments due to acquisition
is included in Note 4, Acquisitions. 

ownership
interest in DSS, a public unlisted Australian Company. 

F- 27 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

-acre lot in Georgia from the Development
Authority of Washington County until October 8, 2022, when the lease was transferred and assigned to CleanSpark. 

square feet of office space held under a license agreement. 

-acres of land in Pennsylvania which began in October
2021 for thirty-six months with the option to exercise four additional three-year extensions. 

acres of land in Texas for a period of five years. 

Finance lease charges: 

Amortization of right-of-use assets 

Interest on lease obligations 

2023 

2024 

2025 

2026 
 
 -

Total undiscounted lease obligations 

Less imputed interest 

Total present value of lease liabilities 

Less current portion of lease liabilities 

Non-current lease liabilities 

Weighted-average remaining lease term operating and finance leases (years) 

Weighted-average discount rate operating and leases ) 

F- 28 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred income 
 
 -

Employee payables 

Tax payables 

Celsius 

W Capital 

Convertible notes 

SBA loan 

Total Loans Outstanding 

Less: current portion of long-term loans 

Long-term loans, excluding current portion 

Celsius 
 
 -

W Capital 
 
 -

Convertible notes 
 
 -

SBA loan 
 
 -

Total principal amount of loan payments by fiscal year 

Interest accrued to December 31,2022 

Total loan book value as of December 31, 2022 

F- 29 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 12:- 
 LOANS (Cont.) 

million. Tranche two and three were received during January and February 2022 with a total amount
of million. The loan matures in 2024 and bears interest at a rate of per annum, payable monthly which commenced December
2021. This loan facility is secured by a general security agreement given by the Company. Principal repayments begin during 2023. 

million as at December 31,
2022 with million classified as a current liability and the remaining balance classified as a long-term liability. 

, for the purpose of funding the infrastructure required to meet the obligations of the Co-Location
Agreement, for which Luna Squares LLC issued a Secured Promissory Note for repayment of such amount. The Secured Promissory Note accrues
interest daily at a rate of per annum. Luna Squares LLC is required to amortize the loan at a rate of per quarter, principal repayments
began at the end of September 2022. The Secured Promissory Note has a maturity date of August 23, 2023, the outstanding balance is 
million as at December 31, 2022, all of which is classified as a current liability. Celsius Mining LLC filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy
protection on July 13, 2022. The Company does not anticipate any changes to the terms of the loan agreement due to Celsius Mining LLC s
bankruptcy filing. 

The Secured Loan Facility accrues interest daily at a rate of per annum and is paid monthly. Principal repayments are due
in March 2023. The Company expects to amend the current loan with W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd prior to the due date. 

(the Secured Convertible Promissory
Notes in exchange for an aggregate of . The Secured Convertible Promissory Notes are convertible at the option of the
holder at a price of per share of our common stock. The Secured Convertible Promissory Notes bear interest of twenty percent per
annum. One-half of the interest that accrues each month on the Secured Convertible Promissory Notes must be paid monthly. All unpaid principal,
together with any then unpaid and accrued interest and other amounts payable under the Secured Convertible Promissory Notes, is due and
payable if not converted pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Secured Convertible Promissory Note on the earlier of (i) one year
after its issuance, or (ii) following an event of default. On September 29, 2022, the Company entered into a letter variation
relating to some of the Secured Convertible Promissory Notes, with an aggregate principal amount of million, which gave those holders
the option to elect for pre-payment (including accrued interest to maturity) subject to certain conditions. Payments of the interest
may be made partially in common stock of the Company, at the Company s election. All of the investors included in this letter variation
elected for the pre-payment option and therefore there were million principal repayments made during November 2022. The final convertible
noteholder who was not a party to this variation opted to enter into an arrangement whereby it received pre-payment of interest, but agreed
that repayment of the principal was not required until the originally agreed Repayment Date, all of which is classified as a current liability. 

F- 30 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Financing provided by seller 

1,590,175 shares of CLSK common stock 

Total purchase price 

Contingent Consideration earned 

Earn-out Shares of CLSK common stock 

Total contingent consideration earned 

Total consideration 

Less costs associated with sale of assets: 

Processing machines (Miners) 

Impairment on miners 

Modular data center 

Transformers 

Plant and equipment 

Other 

Total costs associated with sale of assets 

Profit on sale of site 

shareholder of TDI and therefore was accounted for as an equity investment from this date. Total consideration for this transaction after impairment was , refer to NOTE 4 for further details. 

F- 31 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 13:- 
 SIGNIFICANT TRANSACTIONS (Cont.) 

. The Secured Promissory Note accrues interest daily
at a rate of per annum. The Secured Promissory Note has a maturity date of , and the outstanding balance is 
million as at December 31, 2022. Celsius Mining LLC filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection on July 13, 2022. The Company does not
anticipate any changes to the terms of the loan agreement and security arrangements have not changed as at the date of this report as
a result of Celsius Mining LLC s bankruptcy filing. 6. On September 2, 2022, Mawson Infrastructure Group Pty Ltd entered into a Secured Loan Facility Agreement with W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd with a total loan facility of AUD million (USD million). This was amended on September 29, 2022, and the loan facility was increased to AUD million (USD million). As at December 31, 2022, AUD million (USD million) has been drawn down from this facility, all of which is classified as a current liability. The Secured Loan Facility accrues interest daily at a rate of per annum and is paid monthly. The loan matures in , however the Company expects to amend the current loan with W Capital Advisors Pty Ltd prior to the due date to extend the maturity date. 7. On July 8, 2022, the Company issued secured convertible promissory notes to investors in the aggregate principal amount of (the Secured Convertible Promissory Notes ). On September 29, 2022, the Company entered into a letter of variation relating to most of the Secured Convertible Promissory Notes, with an aggregate principal amount of million, which gave those holders the option to elect for pre-payment (including accrued interest to maturity) subject to certain conditions. Payments of the interest could be made partially in common stock of the Company. All of the investors included in this letter variation elected for the pre-payment option and therefore there were million principal repayments made during November 2022. The final convertible noteholder who was not a party to this variation opted to enter into another arrangement whereby it received pre-payment of interest, but agreed that repayment of the principal was not required until the originally agreed Repayment Date. 

F- 32 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

million for the calendar year ended December 31, 2022. Income tax expense (benefit)
included in the statements of income and comprehensive income consisted of the following. 

State 

- 

- 

- 

Deferred 

Federal 

- 

- 

Foreign 

- 

- 

State 

- 

- 

Total 

- 

() 

to pretax income/(loss) for fiscal year 2022 as a result of the
following: 

State income taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Foreign Taxes 

Change in Valuation Allowance 

Other 

Total 
 - 

F- 33 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 14:- 
 TAXES ON INCOME (Cont.) 

Operating Lease Liability 

Accrued Liabilities 

Unrealized Loss 

Stock based compensation 

Disallowed Interest Expense 

Other 

Total deferred tax assets 

Liabilities 

Right of Use Asset 

Depreciation 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Valuation allowance 

Net deferred tax assets 
 -
 
 -

million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily as a result of current year activities. 

million Australian net operating losses (NOL), that will have an indefinite life carryforward. The Internal Revenue
Code IRC limits the amount of NOL carryforwards that a company may use in a given year in the event of certain cumulative
changes in ownership over a three-year period as described in Section 382 of the IRC. Utilization of NOL carryforwards and credits may
be subject to a substantial annual limitation due to the ownership change limitations provided by the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as
amended, and similar state provisions. The annual limitation may result in the expiration of net operating losses and credits before utilization.

F- 34 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 14:- 
 TAXES ON INCOME (Cont.) 

to be repaid to us for amounts we spend in the development of the LO2A Technology at the request of the representative of the holders of the CVRs. As at December 31, 2022, the Company cannot reliably measure the cost of the CVRs and it is not probable that these payments will be made and therefore this has been classified as a contingent liability. On March 8, 2023, the CVR Agreement expired and was terminated, and the rights of the CVR holders under that agreement expired at the same time. This transaction closed on March 9, 2023. As a result of the sale transaction the Wize Entities were deconsolidated from the group as at December 31, 2022. 2. The Company is currently in the process of applying for sales tax registrations
and exemptions in different states in the U.S. At this stage the company is unable to determine the sales tax financial impact. 

F- 35 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

shares of common stock
during January 2022 and May 2022 for consultancy services provided to the Company. 

shares of
common stock of Mawson. 

in shares of the
Company s common stock as part of the contingent consideration for the Membership Interest Purchase Agreement to acquire shares
in Luna Squares LLC. 

shares of our common stock, par value
 per share, at a price of per share, accompanied by warrants to purchase 
shares of Common Stock in a registered direct offering. 

shares of common stock of Mawson. 

per share, having an aggregate sales price of up to million, from time to time,
through an at the market offering program under which Wainwright acts as the sales agent. During the year to December 31,
2022, were issued as part of the ATM agreement. 

Issued 

Exercised 

Expired 
 -

Outstanding as of December 31, 2022 

Warrants exercisable as of December 31, 2022 

F- 36 

MAWSON INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

NOTE 16:- 
 STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY (Cont.) 

, to purchase up to shares of common
stock of Mawson at an exercise price of US per share, in connection with the million loan made by Celsius to Luna Squares LLC
in connection with a Customer Equipment and Co-Location Agreement entered into by Celsius and Luna Squares LLC. 

shares of the Company s common stock, accompanied
by warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock. The warrants issued in this offering have an exercise price
of per share of our common stock, are exercisable 6 months after issuance and will expire five and one-half years following issuance.
As compensation to Wainwright, the Company also issued to designees of the Wainwright warrants to purchase up to shares of Common
Stock. 

of their warrants to convert these into common stock of Mawson. 

ownership interest. James Manning, CEO, a director and a significant shareholder of the Company, is also a
director of Vertua Ltd and has a material interest in the Sharon lease as a large shareholder of Vertua Ltd. The lease contains market
standard legal terms, and will be for a term of years, and Luna Squares LLC has 2 options to extend for years each. The Company s
Audit Committee has compared the rent and terms to other arms length leases the Company has entered into and formed the view that
the rent is in line with the market for similar properties. Rent is subject to annual increases equal to the amount of the Consumer Price
Index for the Northeast Region, or , whichever is higher. The base rental amount in the first year is million. Depending on power
energization and usage, variable additional rent may be payable, with charges ranging from to per month, depending on power
energized and whether it is available. Upon the recommendation from the Audit Committee, the directors of the Company, other than James
Manning, were made aware of the material facts as to Mr. Manning s interest in the lease and authorized the Company in good faith
to enter the lease after determining the lease to be fair to the Company. 

and respectively, for reimbursement for office costs. James
Manning, CEO, a director and a significant shareholder of the Company, is also a director of Vertua Ltd. 

. The reverse
stock split was effective as of February 9, 2023. On March 7, 2023 the issued capital of the Company on a post-split basis was . 

million and 400 Ethereum.
As part of this transaction Luna Squares Texas LLC acquired all the memberships interests in an entity known as JAI TX LLC, which
is party to some relevant contracts related to the Texas leases. 

. This transaction
closed on March 9, 2023. 

F- 37 

(2) Financial Statement Schedules. All financial
statement schedules have been omitted since the information is either not applicable or required or is included in the financial statements
or notes thereof. 

(3) Exhibits. Please see (b) below. 

(b) Exhibits 

Exhibit 
Number 
 
 Description 
 
 2.1 
 
 Bid Implementation Agreement between Wize Pharma,
Inc. and Cosmos Capital Limited, dated December 30, 2020 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K
filed with the SEC on January 5, 2021) 

2.2 
 
 Deed of Amendment, dated January 18, 2021,
of the Bid Implementation Agreement between Wize Pharma, Inc. and Cosmos Capital Limited, dated December 30, 2020 (Incorporated by reference
to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 19, 2021) 

2.3 
 
 Membership Interest Purchase Agreement dated July 5, 2021 between Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. and Kyle Hoffman (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 9, 2021) 

3.1 
 
 Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on April 5, 2012) 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 18, 2013) 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated November 15, 2017 (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 21, 2017) 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated March 1, 2018 (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 5, 2018) 

3.5 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated March 17, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 23, 2021) 

3.6 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated June 9, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on June 14, 2021) 

3.7 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated August 11, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 16, 2021) 

3.8 
 
 Certificate of Amendment to Certificate of Incorporation dated February 6, 2023 (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 9, 2023) 

3.9 
 
 Certificate of Registration of a Company of Cosmos Capital Limited ACN 636 458 912 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-256947) filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021) 

45 

3.10 
 
 Constitution of Cosmos Capital Limited (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-256947) filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021) 

3.11 
 
 Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 10, 2013) 

4.1 
 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on February 6, 2018) 

4.2# 
 
 Description of Securities 

4.3 
 
 Form of Series A Certificate of Designation (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 23, 2018) 

4.4 
 
 Form of Series B Certificate of Designation (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 15, 2020) 

4.5 
 
 Form of Series A and B Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 23, 2018) 

4.6 
 
 Form of Warrant Agency Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 5, 2021) 

4.7 
 
 Form of February 2021 Convertible Note (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-256947) filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021) 

4.8 
 
 Warrant issued to HC Wainwright (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-256947) filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021) 

4.9 
 
 Warrants issued to W Capital Advisors Pty Limited (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-256947) filed with the SEC on June 9, 2021) 

4.10 
 
 Form of Indenture (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3/A (File No. 333-258299) filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021) 

4.11 
 
 Warrant Agreement Dated October 1, 2021, with Computershare Inc., a Delaware corporation Computershare ), and its wholly-owned subsidiary, Computershare Trust Company, N.A. (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021) 

4.12 
 
 Form of Underwriter Compensation Warrant (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 1, 2021) 

4.13 
 
 Form of Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-260600) filed with the SEC on October 29, 2021) 

4.14 
 
 Warrant Agreement between Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc and Celsius Mining LLC dated February 23, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 1, 2022) 

46 

4.15 
 
 Form of Indenture (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-264062) filed with the SEC on April 1, 2022) 

4.16 
 
 Form of Secured Convertible Note (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 14, 2022) 

4.17 
 
 Form of Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2022) 

4.18 
 
 Form of Placement Agent Warrant (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2022) 

10.1+ 
 
 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 28, 2018) 

10.2+ 
 
 Amendment to 2018 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 21, 2018) 

10.3+ 
 
 2021 Equity Incentive Plan 

10.4 
 
 Form of Stock Restriction Agreement (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on January 19, 2021) 

10.13 
 
 Form of Securities Purchase Agreement dated August 6, 2021, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for the period ended June 30, 2021 and incorporated herein by reference 

10.14+ 
 
 Employment Agreement with Liam Daniel Wilson dated August 9, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on August 12, 2021) 

10.16+ 
 
 Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc.2021 Equity Incentive Plan (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Registration Statement on Form S-8 filed with the SEC on August 17, 2021 

10.18 
 
 Lease Agreement Between Mawson Infrastructure Group And Jewel Acquisition, LLC dated September 20, 2021 (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 21, 2021) 

10.21 
 
 At The Market Offering Agreement between Mawson
Infrastructure Group Inc. and H.C. Wainwright Co., LLC dated May 27, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current
Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on May 27, 2022) 

10.22 
 
 Securities Purchase Agreement, dated July 17, 2022, by and between Mawson Infrastructure Group and the purchases identified on the signature pages thereto (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on July 19, 2022) 

10.23 
 
 Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2022, by and among CSRE Properties Sandersville, LLC, Luna Squares LLC, Mawson Infrastructure Group, Inc. and CleanSpark, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022) 

10.24 
 
 Equipment Purchase and Sale Agreement, dated as of September 8, 2022, by and among CleanSpark GLP, LLC, Cosmos Infrastructure, LLC and Mawson Infrastructure Group, Inc. (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on September 9, 2022) 

10.25 
 
 First Amendment to Purchase and Sale Agreement by and among CSRE Properties Sandersville, LLC, Luna Squares LLC, Mawson Infrastructure Group, Inc. and CleanSpark, Inc., dated October 8, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 11, 2022) 

47 

10.26 
 
 First Amendment to Equipment Purchase and Sale Agreement between Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc., Cosmos Infrastructure, LLC, and CleanSpark GLP, LLC, dated October 21, 2022 (Incorporated by reference to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on October 26, 2022) 

16.1 
 
 Letter from LNP Audit and Assurance International Pty Ltd (Incorporated by reference to Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on November 14, 2022) 

21.1# 
 
 Subsidiaries of the Company 

23.1# 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

24.1# 
 
 Power of Attorney (included on signature page) 

31.1# 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Sec. 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31.2# 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Sec. 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

32.1# 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

32.2# 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

101# 
 
 The following materials from Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 are formatted in XBRL (eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Balance Sheets, (ii) the Statements of Comprehensive Loss, (iii) Statement of Changes in Shareholders Equity (Deficiency), (iv) the Statements of Cash Flow, and (iv) Notes to Financial Statements. 

104# 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

# 
 Filed herewith 

Exhibits and schedules to this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. We will furnish the omitted exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request by the Securities and Exchange Commission. 

+ 
 Management compensatory plan. 

(c) Financial Statement Schedules. Please see
Item 15(a)(2) above. 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 

None. 

48 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Annual Report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Mawson Infrastructure Group, Inc. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ James Manning 

James Manning 
Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Ariel Sivikofsky 

Ariel Sivikofsky 
Principal Financial Officer 

POWERS OF ATTORNEY 

Each of the undersigned officers
and directors of Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc., a Delaware corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints James Manning and Ariel Sivikofsky
and each of them, severally, as his or her attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution and re-substitution, in his or
her name and on his or her behalf, to sign in any and all capacities this Annual Report and any and all amendments and exhibits to this
Annual Report and any and all applications and other documents relating thereto, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, with full
power and authority to perform and do any and all acts and things whatsoever which any such attorney or substitute may deem necessary
or advisable to be performed or done in connection with any or all of the above described matters, as fully as each of the undersigned
could do if personally present and acting, hereby ratifying and approving all acts of any such attorney or substitute. 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant
and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

NAME 
 
 TITLE 
 
 DATE 

/s/ James Manning 
 
 Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 James Manning 

/s/ Ariel Sivikofsky 

March 23, 2023 
 
 Ariel Sivikofsky 
 
 Principal Financial Officer 

/s/ Greg Martin 
 
 Chairman of the Board/Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Greg Martin 

/s/ Michael Hughes 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Michael Hughes 

/s/ Rahul Mewawalla 
 
 Director 
 
 March 23, 2023 
 
 Rahul Mewawalla 

49 

<EX-4.2>
 2
 f10k2022ex4-2_mawson.htm
 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES

Exhibit 4.2 

DESCRIPTION OF THE REGISTRANT S SECURITIES
REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 

 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

As of March 10, 2022, Mawson
Infrastructure Group Inc. (the Company , we , us or our has one class of securities
registered under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), which is our Common Stock,
par value 0.001 per share (the Common Stock ). The Common Stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Stock Market and trades
under the symbol MIGI. The following is a summary of some of the terms of the Company s Common Stock. This summary
is not complete and is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to the Company s Restated Certificate of Incorporation,
as amended (the Certificate of Incorporation ), and Amended and Restated Bylaws (the Bylaws ). The terms of
the Common Stock are also subject to and qualified by the Delaware General Corporation Law DGCL ). We urge you to read the
applicable provisions of the DGCL, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws. 

Authorized Capital Stock 

Under our Certificate of Incorporation,
we are authorized to issue up to ninety million (90,000,000) shares of Common Stock, and one million (1,000,000) shares of preferred stock. 

Common Stock 

Holders of our Common Stock
are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters submitted to a vote of our stockholders. Holders of our Common Stock have
no cumulative voting rights. Further, holders of our Common Stock have no preemptive or conversion rights or other subscription rights.
Upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding-up, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to share in all assets remaining after payment
of all liabilities and the liquidation preferences of any of our outstanding shares of preferred stock. Subject to preferences that may
be applicable to any outstanding shares of preferred stock, holders of our Common Stock are entitled to receive dividends, if any, as
may be declared from time to time by our Board of Directors (the Board out of our assets which are legally available.
Such dividends, if any, are payable in cash, in property or in shares of capital stock. 

The holders of shares of our
Common Stock that are entitled to cast at least 33 of the total votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all of our outstanding
capital stock, present in person or by proxy, are necessary to constitute a quorum at any meeting. If a quorum is present, an action by
stockholders entitled to vote on a matter is approved if the number of votes cast in favor of the action exceeds the number of votes cast
in opposition to the action, with the exception of the election of directors, which requires a plurality of the votes cast, represented
in person or by proxy, necessary to constitute a quorum for the transaction of business at any meeting. If a quorum is present, an action
by stockholders entitled to vote on a matter is approved if the number of votes cast in favor of the action exceeds the number of votes
cast in opposition to the action, with the exception of the election of directors, which requires a plurality of the votes cast. 

Anti-Takeover Provisions of Delaware Law, Our Certificate of Incorporation
and Bylaws 

The provisions of Delaware
law, our Certificate of Incorporation and our Bylaws could discourage or make it more difficult to accomplish a proxy contest or other
change in our management or the acquisition of control by a holder of a substantial amount of our voting stock. It is possible that these
provisions could make it more difficult to accomplish, or could deter, transactions that stockholders may otherwise consider to be in
their best interests or in our best interests. These provisions are intended to enhance the likelihood of continuity and stability in
the composition of our Board and in the policies formulated by our Board and to discourage certain types of transactions that may involve
an actual or threatened change of our control. These provisions are designed to reduce our vulnerability to an unsolicited acquisition
proposal and to discourage certain tactics that may be used in proxy fights. Such provisions also may have the effect of preventing changes
in our management. 

Delaware Statutory Business Combinations Provision 

Section 203 of the DGCL prohibits
a publicly-held Delaware corporation from engaging in a business combination with an interested stockholder 
for a period of three (3) years after the date of the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder, unless the business
combination is, or the transaction in which the person became an interested stockholder was, approved in a prescribed manner or another
prescribed exception applies. For purposes of Section 203, a business combination is defined broadly to include a merger,
asset sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested stockholder, and, subject to certain exceptions, an
 interested stockholder is a person who, together with his or her affiliates and associates, owns, or within three (3) years
prior, did own, 15 or more of the corporation s voting stock. However, we elected to opt out of the provisions of Section 203. 

Advance Notice Provisions for Stockholder Proposals and Stockholder
Nominations of Directors 

Our Bylaws provide that, for
nominations to our Board or for other business to be properly brought by a stockholder before a meeting of stockholders, the stockholder
must first have given timely notice of the proposal in writing to our secretary at our principal offices. For an annual meeting, a stockholder s
notice generally must be delivered not less than 45 days nor more than 75 days prior to the one-year anniversary of the date on which
we first mailed our proxy materials for the preceding year s annual meeting of stockholders. For an annual meeting, the notice must
generally be delivered not later than the close of business on the later of the 90 th day prior to such annual meeting
or the 10 th day following the day on which public announcement is first made. Detailed requirements as to the form of
the notice and information required in the notice are specified in our Bylaws. If it is determined that business was not properly brought
before a meeting in accordance with our Bylaws, such business will not be conducted at the meeting. 

Special Meetings of Stockholders 

Special meetings of the stockholders
may be called only by either (i) the chairman of our Board, chief executive officer, or the president, (ii) by our Board pursuant to a
resolution adopted by a majority of the total number of directors which we would have if there were no vacancies, or (iii) by the holders
of 20 of the total votes entitled to be cast by the holders of all our outstanding capital stock entitled to vote generally in an election
of directors. 

Stockholder Action by Written Consent 

Each of our Certificate of
Incorporation and our Bylaws permit our stockholders to act by written consent. 

Super Majority Stockholder Vote Required for Certain Actions 

The DGCL generally provides
that the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares entitled to vote on any matter is required to amend a corporation s certificate
of incorporation or bylaws, unless the corporation s certificate of incorporation or bylaws, as the case may be, requires a greater
percentage. Our Certificate of Incorporation requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 of our outstanding voting
stock to amend or repeal any provision of our Bylaws or any amend or repeal any provision of our Certificate of Incorporation relating
to limitation of director liability, indemnification and advancement of expenses or amendments to our Certificate of Incorporation or
our Bylaws. All other provisions of our Certificate of Incorporation may be amended or repealed by a simple majority vote of our Board. 

Dividends 

We have not declared any cash
dividends on our Common Stock since inception. 

Transfer Agent and Registrar 

The transfer agent and registrar for our Common
Stock is Computershare. 

Stock Market Listing 

Our Common Stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq
Stock Market and trades under the symbol MIGI. 

Certain Effects of Authorized but Unissued Stock 

We have shares of Common Stock
and preferred stock available for future issuance without stockholder approval. We may issue these additional shares for a variety of
corporate purposes, including future public or private offerings to raise additional capital or to facilitate corporate acquisitions or
for payment as a dividend on our capital stock. The existence of unissued and unreserved preferred stock may enable our board of directors
to issue shares of preferred stock with terms that could render more difficult or discourage a third-party attempt to obtain control of
us by means of a merger, tender offer, proxy contest or otherwise, thereby protecting the continuity of our management. In addition, if
we issue preferred stock, the issuance could adversely affect the voting power of holders of Common Stock and the likelihood that holders
of our Common Stock will receive dividend payments or payments upon liquidation. 

</EX-4.2>

<EX-10.3>
 3
 f10k2022ex10-3_mawson.htm
 2021 EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN

Exhibit
10.3 

MAWSON
INFRASTRUCTURE GROUP INC. 

 2021
EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 

 (Adopted
by the Board of Directors on August 3, 2021) 

ARTICLE
1. PURPOSE 

The
purpose of the Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan (as it may be amended or restated from time to time, the Plan is to promote the long-term success and enhance the value of Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc., a Delaware corporation, (the Company by linking the individual interests of Employees, Directors and Consultants to those of Company stockholders and by providing such individuals
with an incentive for outstanding performance to generate superior returns to Company stockholders. The Plan is further intended to provide
flexibility to the Company in its ability to motivate, attract, and retain the services of Employees, Directors and Consultants. 

ARTICLE
2. DEFINITIONS AND CONSTRUCTION 

Wherever
the following terms are used in the Plan they shall have the meanings specified below, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise.
The singular pronoun shall include the plural where the context so indicates. 

2.1 Administrator 
shall mean the Board or a Committee to the extent that the Board s powers or authority under the Plan have been delegated to such
Committee. 

2.2 Applicable
Accounting Standards shall mean Generally Accepted Accounting Principles in the United States, International Financial Reporting
Standards or such other accounting principles or standards as may apply to the Company s financial statements under United States
federal securities laws from time to time. 

2.3 Applicable
Law shall mean any applicable law, including, without limitation: (a) provisions of the Code, the Securities Act, the Exchange
Act and any rules or regulations thereunder; (b) corporate, securities, tax or other laws, statutes, rules, requirements or regulations,
whether U.S. or non-U.S., federal, state or local; and (c) rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the
Shares are listed, quoted or traded. 

2.4 Award 
shall mean an Option, a Stock Appreciation Right, a Restricted Stock award, a Restricted Stock Unit award, any Other Stock or Cash Based
Award or a Dividend Equivalent award, which may be awarded or granted under the Plan. 

2.5 Award
Agreement shall mean any written notice, agreement, terms and conditions, contract or other instrument or document evidencing
an Award, including through electronic medium, which shall contain such terms and conditions with respect to an Award as the Administrator
shall determine consistent with the Plan. 

2.6 Board 
shall mean the Board of Directors of the Company. 

2.7 Cause 
shall mean, unless otherwise specifically provided in any applicable Award Agreement or in any other written agreement entered into
between the Company and a Participant, with respect to any Participant: (a) the Participant s commission of an act of fraud or
embezzlement upon the Company or any of its affiliates; (b) the Participant s commission of any willful act intended to injure
the reputation, business, or any business relationship of the Company or any of its affiliates; (c) the Participant is found by a
court of competent jurisdiction to have committed a felony (or equivalent offense under Applicable Law), unless the Administrator
determines that such event shall not constitute Cause; or (d) the refusal or failure of the Participant to comply with any of his or
her material obligations under any Award Agreement or to perform the Participant s duties with the Company or any of its
affiliates, as applicable, in a competent and professional manner that is not cured by the Participant within fifteen (15) business
days after a written demand therefor is delivered to the Participant by the Company or, if applicable, an affiliate, which
specifically identifies the manner in which the Company or affiliate, as applicable, believes that the Participant has materially
breached the Award Agreement or not substantially performed the Participant s duties; provided , however , that if
the Company or applicable affiliate, in good faith, determines that the refusal or failure by the Participant is egregious in nature
or is not susceptible of cure, then no such cure period shall be required. 

2.8 Change
in Control means the occurrence of any of the following events: 

(a) A
change in the ownership of the Company which occurs on the date that any one person, or more than one person acting as a group Person ),
acquires ownership of the stock of the Company that, together with the stock held by such Person, constitutes more than fifty percent
(50 of the total voting power of the stock of the Company; provided , however , that for purposes of this Section 2.8(a),
the acquisition of additional stock by any one Person, who is considered to own more than fifty percent (50 of the total voting power
of the stock of the Company will not be considered a Change in Control; provided , further , that if the stockholders of
the Company immediately before such change in ownership continue to retain immediately after the change in ownership, in substantially
the same proportions as their ownership of shares of the Company s voting stock immediately prior to the change in ownership, direct
or indirect beneficial ownership of fifty percent (50 or more of the total voting power of the stock of the Company, such event shall
not be considered a Change in Control under this Section 2.8(a). For purposes of this Section 2.8(a), indirect beneficial ownership shall
include, without limitation, an interest resulting from ownership of the voting securities of one or more corporations or other business
entities which own the Company, as the case may be, either directly or through one or more subsidiary corporations or other business
entities; 

(b) A
change in the effective control of the Company which occurs on the date that a majority of members of the Board is replaced during any
twelve (12) month period by directors whose appointment or election is not endorsed by a majority of the members of the Board prior to
the date of the appointment or election. For purposes of this Section 2.8(b), if any Person is considered to be in effective control
of the Company, the acquisition of additional control of the Company by the same Person will not be considered a Change in Control; 

(c) A
change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the Company s assets which occurs on the date that any Person acquires (or
has acquired during the twelve (12) month period ending on the date of the most recent acquisition by such person or persons) assets
from the Company that have a total gross fair market value equal to or more than fifty percent (50 of the total gross fair market
value of all of the assets of the Company immediately prior to such acquisition or acquisitions; provided , however ,
that for purposes of this Section 2.8(c), the following will not constitute a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of
the Company s assets: (i) a transfer to an entity that is controlled by the Company s stockholders immediately after the
transfer; or (ii) a transfer of assets by the Company to: (A) a stockholder of the Company (immediately before the asset transfer)
in exchange for or with respect to the Company s stock; (B) an entity, fifty percent (50 or more of the total value or
voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by the Company; (C) a Person, that owns, directly or indirectly, fifty
percent (50 or more of the total value or voting power of all the outstanding stock of the Company; or (D) an entity, at least
fifty percent (50 of the total value or voting power of which is owned, directly or indirectly, by a Person described in this
Section 2.8(c). For purposes of this Section 2.8(c), gross fair market value means the value of the assets of the Company, or the
value of the assets being disposed of, determined without regard to any liabilities associated with such assets. For purposes of
this Section 2.8(c), persons will be considered to be acting as a group if they are owners of a corporation that enters into a
merger, consolidation, purchase or acquisition of stock, or similar business transaction with the Company. 

2 

Notwithstanding
anything in this Section 2.8 to the contrary, a transaction shall not constitute a Change in Control if it is effected for the purpose
of changing the place of incorporation or form of organization of the Company (including where the Company is succeeded by an issuer
incorporated under the laws of another state, country or foreign government for such purpose and whether or not the Company remains in
existence following such transaction), where all or substantially all of the persons or group that beneficially own all or substantially
all of the combined voting power of the Company s voting securities immediately prior to the transaction beneficially own all or
substantially all of the combined voting power of the Company in substantially the same proportions of their ownership after the transaction.
Further, if a Change in Control constitutes a payment event with respect to any Award (or any portion of an Award) that provides for
the deferral of compensation that is subject to Section 409A, to the extent required to avoid the imposition of additional taxes under
Section 409A, the transaction or event described in subsection (a), (b) or (c) with respect to such Award (or portion thereof) shall
constitute a Change in Control for purposes of the payment timing of such Award only if such transaction also constitutes a change
in control event, as defined in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5). The Administrator shall have full and final authority,
which shall be exercised in its sole discretion, to determine conclusively whether a Change in Control has occurred pursuant to the above
definition, the date of the occurrence of such Change in Control and any incidental matters relating thereto; provided that any exercise
of authority in conjunction with a determination of whether a Change in Control is a change in control event as defined
in Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-3(i)(5) shall be consistent with such regulation. 

2.9 Code 
shall mean the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time, together with the regulations and official guidance
promulgated thereunder, whether issued prior or subsequent to the grant of any Award. 

2.10 Committee 
shall mean the Compensation Committee of the Board, or another committee or subcommittee of the Board which may be comprised of one or
more Directors and/or executive officers of the Company as appointed by the Board, to the extent permitted by Applicable Law, as set
forth in Article 11 hereof. 

2.11 Common
Stock shall mean the common stock of the Company, par value 0.001 per share. 

2.12 Company 
shall have the meaning set forth in Article 1. 

2.13 Consultant 
shall mean any consultant or adviser engaged to provide services to the Company or any parent of the Company or Subsidiary who qualifies
as a consultant or advisor under the applicable rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission for registration of shares on a Form
S-8 Registration Statement. 

2.14 Director shall mean a member of the Board, as constituted from time to time. 

2.15 Director Limit shall have the meaning set forth in Section 4.5. 

2.16 Dividend
Equivalent shall mean a right to receive the equivalent value (in cash or Shares) of dividends paid on Shares, awarded under
Section 9.2. 

3 

2.17 Effective Date shall mean the date the Plan is adopted by the Board. 

2.18 Eligible
Individual shall mean any person who is an Employee, a Consultant or a Non-Employee Director, as determined by the Administrator. 

2.19 Employee 
shall mean any officer or other employee (as determined in accordance with Section 3401(c) of the Code and the Treasury Regulations thereunder)
of the Company, or of any parent of the Company, or any Subsidiary. 

2.20 Equity
Restructuring shall mean a nonreciprocal transaction between the Company and its stockholders, such as a stock dividend, stock
split, spin-off, rights offering or recapitalization through a large, nonrecurring cash dividend, that affects the number or kind of
Shares (or other securities of the Company) or the share price of Shares (or other securities) and causes a change in the per-share value
of Shares underlying outstanding Awards or such other event that constitutes an equity restructuring within the meaning
of the U.S. Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification Topic 718 (or any successor pronouncement thereto). 

2.21 Exchange
Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended from time to time. 

2.22 Fair
Market Value shall mean, as of any given date, the value of a Share determined as follows: 

(a) If
the Shares are (i) listed on any established securities exchange (such as the New York Stock Exchange, the Nasdaq Capital Market, the
Nasdaq Global Market or the Nasdaq Global Select Market), (ii) listed on any national market system or (iii) quoted or traded on any
automated quotation system, its Fair Market Value shall be the closing sales price for a Share as quoted on such exchange or system for
such date or, if there is no closing sales price for a Share on the date in question, the closing sales price for a Share on the last
preceding date for which such quotation exists, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the Administrator
deems reliable; 

(b) If
the Shares are not listed on an established securities exchange, national market system or automated quotation system, but the Shares
are regularly quoted by a recognized securities dealer, its Fair Market Value shall be the mean of the high bid and low asked prices
for such date or, if there are no high bid and low asked prices for a Share on such date, the high bid and low asked prices for a Share
on the last preceding date for which such information exists, as reported in The Wall Street Journal or such other source as the
Administrator deems reliable; or 

(c) If
the Shares are neither listed on an established securities exchange, national market system or automated quotation system nor regularly
quoted by a recognized securities dealer, its Fair Market Value shall be established by the Administrator in good faith. 

2.24 Non-Employee Director shall mean a Director of the Company who is not an Employee. 

2.25 Non-Qualified
Stock Option shall mean an Option that is not an incentive stock option within the meaning of Section 422 of
the Code. 

2.26 Option 
shall mean a right to purchase Shares at a specified exercise price, granted under Article 5. All Options granted under the Plan shall
be Non-Qualified Stock Options. 

2.27 Option Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3. 

4 

2.28 Organizational
Documents shall mean, collectively, (a) the Company s articles of incorporation, certificate of incorporation, bylaws
or other similar organizational documents relating to the creation and governance of the Company, and (b) the Committee s charter
or other similar organizational documentation relating to the creation and governance of the Committee, each as may be amended from time
to time. 

2.29 Other
Stock or Cash Based Award shall mean a cash payment, cash bonus award, stock payment, stock bonus award or incentive award
that is paid in cash, Shares or a combination of both, awarded under Section 9.1, which may include, without limitation, deferred stock,
deferred stock units and performance awards. 

2.30 Participant shall mean a person who has been granted an Award. 

2.31 Performance
Criteria shall mean the criteria that the Administrator selects for an Award for purposes of establishing the Performance
Goal or Performance Goals for a Performance Period. The Performance Criteria that may be used to establish Performance Goals
include, but are not limited to, the following: (a) revenue and income measures (such as revenue, gross margin, income from
operations, net income, net sales, earnings per share, earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization EBIDTA ), and economic value added EVA ); (b) expense measures (such as costs of goods
sold, selling, finding and development costs, general and administrative expenses and overhead costs); (c) operating measures (such
as productivity, energy consumption, operating income, funds from operations, cash from operations, after-tax operating income,
market share, margin and sales volumes); (d) cash flow measures (such as net cash flow from operating activities and working
capital); (e) liquidity measures (such as earnings before or after the effect of certain items such as interest, taxes, depreciation
and amortization, and free cash flow); (f) leverage measures (such as debt-to-equity ratio and net debt); (g) market measures (such
as market share, stock price, growth measure, total stockholder return and market capitalization measures); (h) return measures
(such as return on equity, return on assets and return on invested capital); (i) corporate value measures (such as compliance,
safety, environmental and personnel matters); and (j) other measures such as those relating to acquisitions, dispositions or
customer satisfaction. 

2.32 Performance
Goals shall mean, for a Performance Period, one or more goals (and adjustments) established in writing by the Administrator
for the Performance Period based upon one or more Performance Criteria. Depending on the Performance Criteria used to establish such
Performance Goals, the Performance Goals may be expressed in terms of overall Company performance or the performance of a Subsidiary,
division, business unit, or an individual, or a combination thereof, or in such other manner determined by the Administrator. The permissible
forms in which a Performance Goal may be expressed further include, without limitation, percentage growth, performance against an index
or peer companies, absolute growth, cumulative growth, a designated absolute amount, and per Share outstanding. The achievement of each
Performance Goal may be determined with reference to Applicable Accounting Standards or other methodology as determined appropriate by
the Administrator. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may provide that one or more adjustments shall be made to one or more of
the Performance Goals. 

2.33 Performance
Period shall mean one or more periods of time, which may be of varying and overlapping durations, as the Administrator may
select, over which the attainment of one or more Performance Goals will be measured for the purpose of determining a Participant s
right to, vesting of, and/or the payment in respect of, an Award. 

2.34 Permitted
Transferee shall mean, with respect to a Participant other than a Participant who is subject to Australian income
taxation, any family member of the Participant, as defined in the General Instructions to Form S-8 Registration
Statement under the Securities Act (or any successor form thereto), or any other transferee specifically approved by the
Administrator after taking into account Applicable Law. 

5 

2.35 Plan shall have the meaning set forth in Article 1. 

2.36 Restricted
Stock shall mean Shares awarded under Article 7 that is subject to certain restrictions and may be subject to risk of forfeiture
or repurchase. 

2.37 Restricted Stock Units shall mean the right to receive Shares awarded under Article 8. 

2.38 SAR Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 5.3. 

2.39 Section
409A shall mean Section 409A of the Code and the Department of Treasury regulations and other interpretive guidance issued
thereunder, including, without limitation, any such regulations or other guidance that may be issued after the Effective Date. 

2.40 Securities Act shall mean the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, as amended. 

2.41 Shares 
shall mean shares of Common Stock, and such other securities of the Company, as may be substituted or resubstituted for Common Stock
pursuant to Section 12.2. 

2.42 Stock
Appreciation Right shall mean an Award entitling the Participant (or other person entitled to exercise pursuant to the Plan)
to exercise all or a specified portion thereof (to the extent then exercisable pursuant to its terms) and to receive from the Company
an amount determined by multiplying the difference obtained by subtracting the exercise price per Share of such Award from the Fair Market
Value on the date of exercise of such Award by the number of Shares with respect to which such Award shall have been exercised, subject
to any limitations the Administrator may impose. 

2.43 Subsidiary 
shall mean any entity (other than the Company), whether domestic or foreign, in an unbroken chain of entities beginning with the Company
if each of the entities other than the last entity in the unbroken chain beneficially owns, at the time of the determination, securities
or interests representing at least fifty percent (50 of the total combined voting power of all classes of securities or interests in
one of the other entities in such chain. 

2.44 Substitute
Award shall mean an Award granted under the Plan in connection with a corporate transaction, such as a merger, combination,
consolidation or acquisition of property or stock, in any case, upon the assumption of, or in substitution for, outstanding equity awards
previously granted by a company or other entity; provided , however , that in no event shall the term Substitute Award 
be construed to refer to an award made in connection with the cancellation and repricing of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 

2.45 Takeover 
shall mean a Change in Control in the form of a tender or exchange offer under Section 14(d) of the Exchange Act, pursuant to which a
Person acquires ownership of the stock of the Company constituting one hundred percent (100 of the total voting power of the stock
of the Company, other than where such Person is (a) the Company or an Affiliate, (b) an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of
its Affiliates, (c) a trustee or other fiduciary holding securities under an employee benefit plan of the Company or any of its Affiliates,
or (d) an underwriter temporarily holding securities pursuant to an offering of such securities. 

6 

2.46 Termination
of Service shall mean the time when the Participant ceases to be an Eligible Individual for any reason, including,
without limitation, a termination by resignation, discharge (with or without Cause), disability, death or retirement; but excluding
terminations where the Participant simultaneously commences or remains in employment with the Company or any parent of the Company
or Subsidiary. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine the effect of all matters and questions relating to any
Termination of Service, including, without limitation, whether a Termination of Service has occurred, whether a Termination of
Service resulted from a discharge for Cause and all questions of whether particular leaves of absence constitute a Termination of
Service. For purposes of the Plan, a Participant s employee-employer relationship or consultancy relationship shall be deemed
to be terminated in the event that the Subsidiary employing or engaging such Participant ceases to remain a Subsidiary following any
merger, sale of stock or other corporate transaction or event (including, without limitation, a spin-off or divestiture). 

ARTICLE
3. SHARES SUBJECT TO THE PLAN 

3.1 Number
of Shares . 

(a) Subject
to Section 3.1(b) and Section 12.2, the aggregate number of Shares which may be issued or transferred pursuant to Awards under the Plan
shall be 70,000,000 Shares (the Share Limit ). Any Shares distributed pursuant to an Award may consist, in whole
or in part, of authorized and unissued Shares, treasury Shares or Shares purchased on the open market. 

(b) If
any Shares subject to an Award are forfeited or expire (including Shares repurchased by the Company under Section 7.4 upon a forfeiture
of unvested Restricted Stock), are converted to shares of another entity in connection with a recapitalization, reorganization, merger,
consolidation, split-up, spin-off, combination, exchange of shares or other similar event, or such Award is settled in cash (in whole
or in part), the Shares subject to such Award shall, to the extent of such forfeiture, conversion, expiration or cash settlement, again
be available for future grants of Awards under the Plan. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the following Shares shall
 not be added to the Shares authorized for grant under Section 3.1(a) and shall not be available for future grants of Awards
under the Plan: (i) Shares tendered by a Participant or withheld by the Company in payment of the exercise price of an Option; (ii) Shares
tendered by the Participant or withheld by the Company to satisfy any tax withholding obligation with respect to an Award; (iii) Shares
subject to Stock Appreciation Rights that are not issued in connection with the stock settlement of the Stock Appreciation Rights on
exercise thereof; and (iv) Shares purchased on the open market by the Company with the cash proceeds received from the exercise of Options.
The payment of Dividend Equivalents in cash in conjunction with any outstanding Awards shall not be counted against the Shares available
for issuance under the Plan. 

(c) Substitute
Awards may be granted on such terms as the Administrator deems appropriate, notwithstanding limitations on Awards in the Plan.
Substitute Awards shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan, and Shares subject to such Substitute Awards
shall not be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided in Section 3.1(b) above. Additionally, in the event
that a company acquired by the Company or any Subsidiary or with which the Company or any Subsidiary combines has shares available
under a pre-existing plan approved by its stockholders and not adopted in contemplation of such acquisition or combination, the
shares available for grant pursuant to the terms of such pre-existing plan (as adjusted, to the extent appropriate, using the
exchange ratio or other adjustment or valuation ratio or formula used in such acquisition or combination to determine the
consideration payable to the holders of common stock of the entities party to such acquisition or combination) may be used for
Awards under the Plan and shall not reduce the Shares authorized for grant under the Plan (and Shares subject to such Awards shall
not be added to the Shares available for Awards under the Plan as provided in Section 3.1(b) above); provided that Awards
using such available Shares shall not be made after the date awards or grants could have been made under the terms of the
pre-existing plan, absent the acquisition or combination, and shall be made only to individuals who were not employed by or
providing services to the Company or its Subsidiaries immediately prior to such acquisition or combination. 

7 

ARTICLE
4. GRANTING OF AWARDS 

4.1 Participation .
The Administrator may, from time to time, select from among all Eligible Individuals, those to whom an Award shall be granted and shall
determine the nature and amount of each Award, which shall not be inconsistent with the requirements of the Plan. No Eligible Individual
or other person shall have any right to be granted an Award pursuant to the Plan and neither the Company nor the Administrator is obligated
to treat Eligible Individuals, Participants or any other persons uniformly. Participation by each Participant in the Plan shall be voluntary
and nothing in the Plan shall be construed as mandating that any Eligible Individual or other person shall participate in the Plan. 

4.2 Award
Agreement . Each Award shall be evidenced by an Award Agreement that sets forth the terms, conditions and limitations for such Award
as determined by the Administrator in its sole discretion (consistent with the requirements of the Plan). The Administrator, in its sole
discretion, may grant Awards to Eligible Individuals that are based on one or more Performance Criteria or achievement of one or more
Performance Goals or any such other criteria or goals as the Administrator shall establish. 

4.3 Limitations
Applicable to Section 16 Persons . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan, the Plan, and any Award granted or awarded to
any individual who is then subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, shall be subject to any additional limitations set forth in any
applicable exemptive rule under Section 16 of the Exchange Act (including Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act and any amendments thereto)
that are requirements for the application of such exemptive rule. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Plan and Awards granted
or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to such applicable exemptive rule. 

4.4 At-Will
Service . Nothing in the Plan or in any Award Agreement hereunder shall confer upon any Participant any right to continue in the employ
of, or as a Director or Consultant of, the Company or any Subsidiary, or shall interfere with or restrict in any way any rights of the
Company and any Subsidiary, which rights are hereby expressly reserved, to discharge any Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever,
with or without cause, and with or without notice, or to terminate or change all other terms and conditions of employment or engagement,
except to the extent expressly provided otherwise in a written agreement between the Participant and the Company or any Subsidiary. 

4.5 Director
Limit . Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in the Plan or in any policy of the Company regarding compensation payable to
a Non-Employee Director, the sum of the grant date fair value (determined in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting
Standards Codification Topic 718, or any successor thereto) of all Awards payable in Shares and the maximum cash value of any other Award
granted under the Plan to an individual as compensation for services as a Non-Employee Director, together with cash compensation paid
to such Director in the form of Board and Committee retainer, meeting or similar fees, during any calendar year shall not exceed USD
 750,000 (the Director Limit ). For avoidance of doubt, compensation will count towards the Director Limit for the
calendar year in which it was granted or earned, and not later when distributed, in the event it is deferred. The Director Limit may
not be increased without the approval of the stockholders of the Company. 

8 

4.6 Non-U.S.
Participants . Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in order to comply with the laws in countries other
than the United States in which the Company and its Subsidiaries operate or have Employees, Directors or Consultants, or in order to
comply with the requirements of any non-U.S. securities exchange or other Applicable Law, the Administrator, in its sole discretion,
shall have the power and authority to: (a) determine which Subsidiaries shall be covered by the Plan; (b) determine which Eligible
Individuals outside the United States are eligible to participate in the Plan; (c) modify the terms and conditions of any Award
granted to Eligible Individuals outside the United States to comply with Applicable Law (including, without limitation, applicable
non-U.S. laws or listing requirements of any Non-U.S. securities exchange); (d) establish subplans and modify exercise procedures
and other terms and procedures, to the extent such actions may be necessary or advisable; provided , however , that no
such subplans and/or modifications shall increase the Share Limit contained in Section 3.1; and (e) take any action, before or after
an Award is made, that it deems advisable to obtain approval or comply with any necessary local governmental regulatory exemptions
or approvals or listing requirements of any Non-U.S. securities exchange. 

ARTICLE
5. GRANTING OF OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

5.1 Granting
of Options and Stock Appreciation Rights to Eligible Individuals . The Administrator is authorized to grant Options and Stock Appreciation
Rights to Eligible Individuals from time to time, in its sole discretion, on such terms and conditions as it may determine, which shall
not be inconsistent with the Plan. 

5.2 Option
and Stock Appreciation Right Exercise Price . The exercise price per Share subject to each Option and Stock Appreciation Right shall
be set by the Administrator, but shall not be less than 100 of the Fair Market Value of a Share on the date the Option or Stock Appreciation
Right, as applicable, is granted. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the case of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right that is a Substitute
Award, the exercise price per share of the Shares subject to such Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, may be less than
the Fair Market Value per share on the date of grant; provided that the exercise price of any Substitute Award shall be determined
in accordance with the applicable requirements of Section 424 and 409A of the Code. 

5.3 Option
and SAR Term . The term of each Option (the Option Term and the term of each Stock Appreciation Right (the SAR
Term shall be set by the Administrator in its sole discretion; provided , however , that the Option Term or SAR
Term, as applicable, shall not be more than ten (10) years from the date the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, as applicable, is granted
to an Eligible Individual. Except as limited by the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and regulations and rulings thereunder or
the first sentence of this Section 5.3 and without limiting the Company s rights under Section 10.7, the Administrator may extend
the Option Term of any outstanding Option or the SAR Term of any outstanding Stock Appreciation Right, and may extend the time period
during which vested Options or Stock Appreciation Rights may be exercised, in connection with any Termination of Service of the Participant
or otherwise, and may amend, subject to Section 10.7 and Section 12.1, any other term or condition of such Option or Stock Appreciation
Right relating to such Termination of Service of the Participant or otherwise. Further, unless determined otherwise by the Administrator,
in the event that on the last business day of the term of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right (i) the exercise of the Option or Stock
Appreciation Right is prohibited by Applicable Law, as determined by the Company, or (ii) Shares may not be purchased or sold by the
applicable Participant due to any Company insider trading policy (including blackout periods), the term of the Option or Stock Appreciation
Right shall be extended until the date that is thirty (30) days after the end of the legal prohibition or black-out period, as determined
by the Company; provided , however , in no event shall the extension last beyond the ten (10) year (or shorter) term of the
applicable Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 

5.4 Option
and SAR Vesting . The period during which the Participant may have a right to vest in and exercise, in whole or in part, an
Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be set by the Administrator and set forth in the applicable Award Agreement. At any time
after the grant of an Option, the Administrator may, in its sole discretion and subject to whatever terms and conditions it selects,
accelerate the vesting of the Option; provided , however , that in no event shall an Option become exercisable following
its expiration, termination or forfeiture. Notwithstanding the foregoing, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator in the
Award Agreement or by action of the Administrator following the grant of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right (i) no portion of an
Option or Stock Appreciation Right which is unexercisable at a Participant s Termination of Service shall thereafter become
exercisable and (ii) the portion of an Option or Stock Appreciation Right that is unexercisable at a Participant s Termination
of Service shall automatically expire on the date of such Termination of Service. 

9 

5.6 Substitution
of Stock Appreciation Rights . The Administrator may provide in the applicable Award Agreement evidencing the grant of an Option that
the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall have the right to substitute a Stock Appreciation Right for such Option at any time
prior to or upon exercise of such Option; provided that such Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercisable with respect to the
same number of Shares for which such substituted Option would have been exercisable, and shall also have the same exercise price, vesting
schedule and remaining term as the substituted Option. 

ARTICLE
6. EXERCISE OF OPTIONS AND STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHTS 

6.1 Exercise
and Payment . An exercisable Option or Stock Appreciation Right may be exercised in whole or in part. However, unless the Administrator
otherwise determines, an Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall not be exercisable with respect to fractional Shares and the Administrator
may require that, by the terms of the Option or Stock Appreciation Right, a partial exercise must be with respect to a minimum number
of Shares. Payment of the amounts payable with respect to Stock Appreciation Rights pursuant to this Article 6 shall be in cash, Shares
(based on the Fair Market Value as of the date the Stock Appreciation Right is exercised), or a combination of both, as determined by
the Administrator. 

6.2 Manner
of Exercise . All or a portion of an exercisable Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be deemed exercised upon delivery of all
of the following to the Secretary of the Company, the stock plan administrator of the Company or such other person or entity designated
by the Administrator, or his, her or its office, as applicable: 

(a) A
written or electronic notice complying with the applicable rules established by the Administrator stating that the Option or Stock Appreciation
Right, or a portion thereof, is exercised. The notice shall be signed or otherwise acknowledged electronically by the Participant or
other person then entitled to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right or such portion thereof; 

(b) Such
representations and documents as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, deems necessary or advisable to effect compliance with Applicable
Law; 

(c)
In the event that the Option or Stock Appreciation Right shall be exercised pursuant to Section 10.3 by any person or persons other
than the Participant, appropriate proof of the right of such person or persons to exercise the Option or Stock Appreciation Right,
as determined in the sole discretion of the Administrator; and 

(d) Full
payment of the exercise price and applicable withholding taxes for the Shares with respect to which the Option or Stock Appreciation
Right, or portion thereof, is exercised, in a manner permitted by the Administrator in accordance with Section 10.1 and Section 10.2. 

10 

ARTICLE
7. AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK 

7.1 Award
of Restricted Stock . The Administrator is authorized to grant Restricted Stock to Eligible Individuals, and shall determine the terms
and conditions, including the restrictions applicable to each award of Restricted Stock, which terms and conditions shall not be inconsistent
with the Plan, and may impose such conditions on the issuance of such Restricted Stock as it deems appropriate. The Administrator shall
establish the purchase price, if any, and form of payment for Restricted Stock; provided , however , that if a purchase price
is charged, such purchase price shall be no less than the par value, if any, of the Shares to be purchased, unless otherwise permitted
by Applicable Law. In all cases, legal consideration shall be required for each issuance of Restricted Stock to the extent required by
Applicable Law. 

7.2 Rights
as Stockholders . Subject to Section 7.4, upon issuance of Restricted Stock, the Participant shall have, unless otherwise provided
by the Administrator, all of the rights of a stockholder with respect to said Shares, subject to the restrictions in the Plan and/or
the applicable Award Agreement, including the right to receive all dividends and other distributions paid or made with respect to the
Shares to the extent such dividends and other distributions have a record date that is on or after the date on which the Participant
to whom such Restricted Stock are granted becomes the record holder of such Restricted Stock; provided , however , that,
any dividends and distributions with respect to the Shares shall be subject to the restrictions set forth in Section 7.3. Except in connection
with a spin-off or other similar event or as otherwise permitted under Section 12.2, dividends which are paid prior to vesting of shares
of Restricted Stock shall only be paid out to the Participant to the extent that the vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and
the share of Restricted Stock vests. 

7.3 Restrictions .
All shares of Restricted Stock (including any shares received by holders thereof with respect to shares of Restricted Stock as a result
of stock dividends, stock splits or any other form of recapitalization) shall be subject to such restrictions and vesting requirements
as the Administrator shall provide in the applicable Award Agreement. By action taken after the Restricted Stock is issued, the Administrator
may, on such terms and conditions as it may determine to be appropriate, accelerate the vesting of such Restricted Stock by removing
any or all of the restrictions imposed by the terms of the applicable Award Agreement. 

7.4 Repurchase
or Forfeiture of Restricted Stock . Except as otherwise determined by the Administrator, if no price was paid by the Participant for
the Restricted Stock, upon a Termination of Service during the applicable restriction period, the Participant s rights in unvested
Restricted Stock then subject to restrictions shall lapse, and such Restricted Stock shall be surrendered to the Company and cancelled
without consideration on the date of such Termination of Service. If a price was paid by the Participant for the Restricted Stock, upon
a Termination of Service during the applicable restriction period, the Company shall have the right to repurchase from the Participant
the unvested Restricted Stock then subject to restrictions at a cash price per share equal to the price paid by the Participant for such
Restricted Stock or such other amount as may be specified in the applicable Award Agreement. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the Administrator,
in its sole discretion, may provide that upon certain events, including, without limitation, the Participant s death, retirement
or disability or any other specified Termination of Service or any other event, the Participant s rights in unvested Restricted
Stock then subject to restrictions shall not lapse, such Restricted Stock shall vest and cease to be forfeitable and, if applicable,
the Company shall cease to have a right of repurchase. 

7.5 Section
83(b) Election . If a Participant makes an election under Section 83(b) of the Code to be taxed with respect to the Restricted
Stock as of the date of transfer of the Restricted Stock rather than as of the date or dates upon which the Participant would
otherwise be taxable under Section 83(a) of the Code, the Participant shall be required to deliver a copy of such election to the
Company promptly after filing such election with the Internal Revenue Service along with proof of the timely filing thereof with the
Internal Revenue Service. 

11 

ARTICLE
8. AWARD OF RESTRICTED STOCK UNITS 

8.1 Grant
of Restricted Stock Units . The Administrator is authorized to grant Awards of Restricted Stock Units to any Eligible Individual selected
by the Administrator in such amounts and subject to such terms and conditions as determined by the Administrator. A Participant will
have no rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares subject to any Restricted Stock Unit unless and until the Shares are delivered
in settlement of the Restricted Stock Unit. 

8.2 Vesting
of Restricted Stock Units . At the time of grant, the Administrator shall specify the date or dates on which the Restricted Stock
Units shall become fully vested and nonforfeitable, and may specify such conditions to vesting as it deems appropriate, including, without
limitation, vesting based upon the Participant s duration of service to the Company or any Subsidiary, or vesting based on achievement
of one or more Performance Goals, in each case on a specified date or dates or over any period or periods, as determined by the Administrator.
By action taken after the Restricted Stock Units are granted, the Administrator may, on such terms and conditions as it may determine
to be appropriate, accelerate the vesting of such Restricted Stock Units by removing any or all of the restrictions imposed by the terms
of the applicable Award Agreement. 

8.3 Settlement
and Payment . At the time of grant, the Administrator shall specify the settlement date applicable to each grant of Restricted Stock
Units, which shall be no earlier than the vesting date or dates of the Award and may be determined at the election of the Participant
(if permitted by the applicable Award Agreement and subject to compliance with Section 409A to the extent applicable). On the settlement
date, the Company shall, in accordance with the applicable Award Agreement and subject to Section 10.4(f), transfer to the Participant
one unrestricted, fully transferable Share for each Restricted Stock Unit scheduled to be paid out on such date and not previously forfeited,
or in the sole discretion of the Administrator, an amount in cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such Shares on the settlement date
or a combination of cash and Shares as determined by the Administrator. 

8.4 Payment
upon Termination of Service . An Award of Restricted Stock Units shall only be payable while the Participant is an Employee, a Non-Employee
Director or a Consultant; provided , however , that the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may provide (in an Award Agreement
or otherwise) that a Restricted Stock Unit award may be paid subsequent to a Termination of Service in certain events, including a Change
in Control, the Participant s death, retirement or disability or any other specified Termination of Service. 

ARTICLE
9. AWARD OF OTHER STOCK OR CASH BASED AWARDS AND DIVIDEND EQUIVALENTS 

9.1 Other
Stock or Cash Based Awards . The Administrator is authorized to grant Other Stock or Cash Based Awards, including awards
entitling a Participant to receive Shares or cash to be delivered immediately or in the future, to any Eligible Individual. Subject
to the provisions of the Plan, the Administrator shall determine the terms and conditions of each Other Stock or Cash Based Award,
including the term of the Award, any exercise or purchase price, any Performance Criteria and Performance Goals, transfer
restrictions, vesting conditions and other terms and conditions applicable thereto, which shall be set forth in the applicable Award
Agreement. Other Stock or Cash Based Awards may be paid in cash, Shares, or a combination of cash and Shares, as determined by the
Administrator, and may be available as a form of payment in the settlement of other Awards granted under the Plan, as stand-alone
payments, as a part of a bonus, deferred bonus, deferred compensation or other arrangement, and/or as payment in lieu of
compensation to which an Eligible Individual is otherwise entitled. Except in connection with a spin-off or other similar event or
as otherwise permitted under Section 12.2, dividends which are paid prior to vesting of shares of any Other Stock or Cash Based
Award shall only be paid out to the Participant to the extent that the vesting conditions are subsequently satisfied and the share
of Restricted Stock vests. 

12 

9.2 Dividend
Equivalents and Dividends . Dividend Equivalents may be granted by the Administrator, either alone or in tandem with another Award,
based on dividends declared with respect to Shares, to be credited or paid, as determined by the Administrator, as of dividend payment
dates during the period between the date the Dividend Equivalents are granted to a Participant and the date such Dividend Equivalents
terminate or expire, as determined by the Administrator. Such Dividend Equivalents shall be converted to cash or additional Shares by
such formula and at such time and subject to such restrictions and limitations as may be determined by the Administrator. 

ARTICLE
10. ADDITIONAL TERMS OF AWARDS 

10.1 Payment .
The Administrator shall determine the method or methods by which payments by any Participant with respect to any Awards granted under
the Plan shall be made, including, without limitation: (a) cash, wire transfer of immediately available funds or check, (b) Shares (including,
in the case of payment of the exercise price of an Award, Shares issuable pursuant to the exercise of the Award) or Shares held for such
minimum period of time as may be established by the Administrator, in each case, having a Fair Market Value on the date of delivery equal
to the aggregate payments required, (c) delivery of a written or electronic notice that the Participant has placed a market sell order
with a broker acceptable to the Company with respect to Shares then issuable upon exercise or vesting of an Award, and that the broker
has been directed to pay a sufficient portion of the net proceeds of the sale to the Company in satisfaction of the aggregate payments
required; provided that payment of such proceeds is then made to the Company upon settlement of such sale, (d) other form of legal
consideration acceptable to the Administrator in its sole discretion, or (e) any combination of the above permitted forms of payment.
Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, no Participant who is a Director or an executive officer 
of the Company within the meaning of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act shall be permitted to make payment with respect to any Awards
granted under the Plan, or continue any extension of credit with respect to such payment, with a loan from the Company or a loan arranged
by the Company in violation of Section 13(k) of the Exchange Act. 

10.2 Tax
Withholding . The Company or any Subsidiary shall have the authority and the right to deduct or withhold from any payment of any kind
otherwise due to a Participant, or require a Participant to remit to the Company, an amount sufficient to satisfy U.S. federal, state,
local and Non-U.S. taxes (including the Participant s FICA, employment tax or other social security contribution obligation) required
or permitted by law to be withheld with respect to any taxable event concerning a Participant arising as a result of the Plan or any
Award. The Administrator may, in its sole discretion and in satisfaction of the foregoing requirement, allow a Participant to satisfy
such obligations by any payment means described in Section 10.1 hereof, including without limitation, by allowing such Participant to
elect to have the Company withhold Shares otherwise issuable under an Award (or allow the surrender of Shares). The number of Shares
which may be so withheld or surrendered shall be limited to the number of Shares that have a fair market value on the date of withholding
or repurchase no greater than the aggregate amount of such liabilities based on the maximum statutory withholding rates in such Participant s
applicable jurisdictions for U.S. federal, state, local and Non-U.S. income tax and payroll tax purposes that are applicable to such
taxable income (or such other rate as may be required to avoid adverse accounting consequences). The Administrator shall determine the
fair market value of the Shares, consistent with applicable provisions of the Code and other Applicable Law, for tax withholding obligations
due in connection with a broker-assisted cashless Option or Stock Appreciation Right exercise involving the sale of Shares to pay the
Option or Stock Appreciation Right exercise price or for purposes of any other tax withholding or reporting obligation. 

13 

10.3 Transferability of Awards . 

(a) Except as otherwise provided in Section 10.3(b): 

(i) No
Award under the Plan may be sold, pledged, assigned or transferred in any manner other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution; 

(ii) No
Award or interest or right therein shall be liable for or otherwise subject to the debts, contracts or engagements of the Participant
or the Participant s successors in interest or shall be subject to disposition by transfer, alienation, anticipation, pledge, hypothecation,
encumbrance, assignment or any other means whether such disposition be voluntary or involuntary or by operation of law by judgment, levy,
attachment, garnishment or any other legal or equitable proceedings (including bankruptcy) unless and until such Award has been exercised,
or the Shares underlying such Award have been issued, and all restrictions applicable to such Shares have lapsed, and any attempted disposition
of an Award prior to satisfaction of these conditions shall be null and void and of no effect, except to the extent that such disposition
is permitted by Section 10.3(a)(i); and 

(iii) During
the lifetime of the Participant, only the Participant may exercise any exercisable portion of an Award granted to such Participant under
the Plan. After the death of the Participant, any exercisable portion of an Award may, prior to the time when such portion becomes unexercisable
under the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement, be exercised by the Participant s personal representative or by any person empowered
to do so under the deceased Participant s will or under the then-applicable laws of descent and distribution. 

(b) Notwithstanding
Section 10.3(a), the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may determine to permit a Participant or a Permitted Transferee of such Participant
to transfer an Award to any one or more Permitted Transferees of such Participant, subject to the following terms and conditions: (i)
an Award transferred to a Permitted Transferee shall not be assignable or transferable by the Permitted Transferee other than (A) to
another Permitted Transferee of the applicable Participant or (B) by will or the laws of descent and distribution or, subject to the
consent of the Administrator; (ii) an Award transferred to a Permitted Transferee shall continue to be subject to all of the terms and
conditions of the Award as applicable to the original Participant (other than the ability to further transfer the Award to any person
other than another Permitted Transferee of the applicable Participant); (iii) the Participant (or transferring Permitted Transferee)
and the receiving Permitted Transferee shall execute any and all documents requested by the Administrator, including, without limitation
documents to (A) confirm the status of the transferee as a Permitted Transferee, (B) satisfy any requirements for an exemption for the
transfer under Applicable Law and (C) evidence the transfer; and (iv) the transfer of an Award to a Permitted Transferee shall be without
consideration. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event may a Participant or a Permitted Transferee who is subject to Australian income
taxation transfer an Award as provided in this Section 10.3(b). 

14 

10.4 Conditions to Issuance of Shares . 

(a) The
Administrator shall determine the methods by which Shares shall be delivered or deemed to be delivered to Participants.
Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Company shall not be required to issue or deliver any certificates or make any
book entries evidencing Shares pursuant to the exercise of any Award, unless and until the Administrator has determined that the
issuance of such Shares is in compliance with all Applicable Laws and the Shares are covered by an effective registration statement
or applicable exemption from registration. In addition to the terms and conditions provided herein, the Administrator may require
that a Participant make such reasonable covenants, agreements and representations as the Administrator, in its sole discretion,
deems advisable in order to comply with Applicable Law. The inability or impracticability of the Company to obtain or maintain
authority from any regulatory body having jurisdiction, which authority is deemed by the Company s counsel to be necessary to
the lawful issuance and sale of any Shares hereunder, shall relieve the Company of any liability in respect of the failure to issue
or sell such Shares as to which such requisite authority shall not have been obtained, and shall constitute circumstances in which
the Administrator may determine to amend or cancel Awards pertaining to such Shares, with or without consideration to the
Participant. 

(b) All
share certificates delivered pursuant to the Plan and all Shares issued pursuant to book entry procedures are subject to any stop-transfer
orders and other restrictions as the Administrator deems necessary or advisable to comply with Applicable Law. The Administrator may
place legends on any share certificate or book entry to reference restrictions applicable to the Shares (including, without limitation,
restrictions applicable to Restricted Stock). 

(c) The
Administrator shall have the right to require any Participant to comply with any timing or other restrictions with respect to the settlement,
distribution or exercise of any Award, including a window-period limitation, as may be imposed in the sole discretion of the Administrator. 

(d) Unless
the Administrator otherwise determines, no fractional Shares shall be issued and the Administrator, in its sole discretion, shall determine
whether cash shall be given in lieu of fractional Shares or whether such fractional Shares shall be eliminated by rounding down. 

(e) The
Company, in its sole discretion, may (i) retain physical possession of any stock certificate evidencing Shares until any restrictions
thereon shall have lapsed and/or (ii) require that the stock certificates evidencing such Shares be held in custody by a designated escrow
agent (which may but need not be the Company) until the restrictions thereon shall have lapsed, and that the Participant deliver a stock
power, endorsed in blank, relating to such Shares. 

(f) Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Plan, unless otherwise determined by the Administrator or required by Applicable Law, the Company shall not
deliver to any Participant certificates evidencing Shares issued in connection with any Award and instead such Shares shall be recorded
in the books of the Company (or, as applicable, its transfer agent or stock plan administrator). 

10.5 Malus,
Forfeiture and Clawback . All Awards (including any proceeds, gains or other economic benefit actually or constructively received
by a Participant upon any receipt or exercise of any Award or upon the receipt or resale of any Shares underlying the Award) may be
subject to forfeiture and/or repayment to the Company where: (a) in the sole discretion of the Administrator, a Participant (i)
acts, or has acted, fraudulently or dishonestly or made a material misstatement on behalf of the Company and its affiliates; (ii) is
in material breach of any of his or her duties or obligations to the Company and its affiliates, including any applicable
post-employment obligations; (iii) has engaged in serious misconduct or gross negligence (including recklessness or wilful
indifference) or (iv) is convicted of an offence or has a judgment entered against them in connection with the affairs of the
Company and its affiliates; (b) there is a material misstatement in, or omission from, the Company s financial statements, or
a misstatement concerning the satisfaction of a Performance Criteria applicable to an Award (in each case whether intentional or
inadvertent), which results in a Participant obtaining an Award or an Award vesting, where, in the sole discretion of the
Administrator, such Award would not have been obtained or vested, but for that misstatement or omission; (c) all or part of the
initial Award is no longer justified having regard to information or circumstances which have come to light after a grant of an
Award under the Plan was made; (d) required to comply with applicable laws and/or the rules and regulations of the securities
exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which Shares are listed or quoted, including, without limitation, pursuant to Section
954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act of 2010, and/or (e) under the terms of any policy, guideline or
Board committee charter adopted by the Company as may be amended from time to time for reasons related to fraud prevention,
governance, avoidance of monetary or reputational damage to the Company and its affiliates or similar considerations, whether or not
such policy or guideline was in place at the time of grant of an Award (and such requirements shall be deemed incorporated into this
Plan without the consent of Participant). 

15 

10.6 Prohibition
on Repricing . Subject to Section 12.2, the Administrator shall not, without the approval of the stockholders of the Company, (a)
authorize the amendment of any outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation Right to reduce its price per Share, (b) cancel any Option or
Stock Appreciation Right in exchange for cash or another Award when the Option or Stock Appreciation Right price per Share exceeds the
Fair Market Value of the underlying Shares, or (c) cancel an Option or Stock Appreciation Right in exchange for an Option or Stock Appreciation
Right with a lower exercise price than such original Option or Stock Appreciation Right. 

10.7 Amendment
of Awards . Subject to Applicable Law and Section 10.6 above, the Administrator may amend, modify or terminate any outstanding Award,
including but not limited to, substituting therefor another Award of the same or a different type or changing the date of vesting, exercise
or settlement. The Participant s consent to such action shall be required unless (a) the Administrator determines that the action,
taking into account any related action, would not materially and adversely affect the Participant, or (b) the change is otherwise permitted
under the Plan (including, without limitation, under Section 12.2, 12.7 or 12.10). 

ARTICLE
11. ADMINISTRATION 

11.1 Administrator .
The Committee shall administer the Plan (except as otherwise permitted herein). To the extent required to comply with the provisions
of Rule 16b-3, it is intended that each member of the Committee will be, at the time the Committee takes any action with respect to an
Award that is subject to Rule 16b-3, a non-employee director within the meaning of Rule 16b-3. Additionally, to the extent
required by Applicable Law, each of the individuals constituting the Committee shall be an independent director under the
rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are listed, quoted or traded. However, any action
taken by the Committee shall be valid and effective, whether or not members of the Committee at the time of such action are later determined
not to have satisfied the requirements for membership set forth in this Section 11.1 or the Organizational Documents. Notwithstanding
the foregoing, (i) the full Board, acting by a majority of its members in office, shall conduct the general administration of the Plan
with respect to Awards granted to Non-Employee Directors and, with respect to such Awards, the term Administrator as used
in the Plan shall be deemed to refer to the Board and (ii) the Board or Committee may delegate its authority hereunder to the extent
permitted by Section 11.6. 

11.2 Duties
and Powers of Administrator . It shall be the duty of the Administrator to conduct the general administration of the Plan in
accordance with its provisions. The Administrator shall have the power to interpret the Plan and all Award Agreements, and to adopt
such rules for the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan as are not inconsistent with the Plan, to interpret,
amend or revoke any such rules and to amend the Plan or any Award Agreement; provided that the rights or obligations of the
Participant of the Award that is the subject of any such Award Agreement are not materially and adversely affected by such
amendment, unless the consent of the Participant is obtained or such amendment is otherwise permitted under the Plan, including,
without limitation, under Section 12.2, Section 12.7 or Section 12.10. In its sole discretion, the Board may at any time and from
time to time exercise any and all rights and duties of the Committee in its capacity as the Administrator under the Plan except with
respect to matters which under Rule 16b-3 under the Exchange Act or any successor rule, or any regulations or rules issued
thereunder, or the rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are listed, quoted or traded
are required to be determined in the sole discretion of the Committee. 

16 

11.3 Action
by the Administrator . Unless otherwise established by the Board, set forth in any Organizational Documents or as required by Applicable
Law, a majority of the Administrator shall constitute a quorum and the acts of a majority of the members present at any meeting at which
a quorum is present, and acts approved in writing by all members of the Administrator in lieu of a meeting, shall be deemed the acts
of the Administrator. Each member of the Administrator is entitled to, in good faith, rely or act upon any report or other information
furnished to that member by any officer or other employee of the Company or any Subsidiary, the Company s independent certified
public accountants, or any executive compensation consultant or other professional retained by the Company to assist in the administration
of the Plan. Neither the Administrator nor any member or delegate thereof shall have any liability to any person (including any Participant)
for any action taken or omitted to be taken or any determination made in good faith with respect to the Plan or any Award. 

11.4 Authority
of Administrator . Subject to the Organizational Documents, any specific designation in the Plan and Applicable Law, the Administrator
has the exclusive power, authority and sole discretion to: 

(a) Designate Eligible Individuals to receive Awards; 

(b) Determine
the type or types of Awards to be granted to each Eligible Individual (including, without limitation, any Awards granted in tandem with
another Award granted pursuant to the Plan); 

(c) Determine
the number of Awards to be granted and the number of Shares to which an Award will relate; 

(d) Determine
the terms and conditions of any Award granted pursuant to the Plan, including, but not limited to, the exercise price, grant price, purchase
price, any Performance Criteria and/or Performance Goals, any restrictions or limitations on the Award, any schedule for vesting, lapse
of forfeiture restrictions or restrictions on the exercisability of an Award, and accelerations or waivers thereof, and any provisions
related to non-competition and clawback and recapture of gain on an Award, based in each case on such considerations as the Administrator
in its sole discretion determines; 

(e) Determine
whether, to what extent, and under what circumstances an Award may be settled in, or the exercise price of an Award may be paid in cash,
Shares, other Awards, or other property, or an Award may be canceled, forfeited, or surrendered; 

(f) Prescribe the form of each Award Agreement, which need not be identical for each Participant; 

(g) Decide all other matters that must be determined in connection with an Award; 

(h) Establish,
adopt, or revise any policies, rules and regulations as it may deem necessary or advisable to administer the Plan; 

(i) Interpret
the terms of, and any matter arising pursuant to, the Plan, any policy or any Award Agreement; 

17 

(j) Accelerate
wholly or partially the vesting or lapse of restrictions of any Award or portion thereof at any time after the grant of an Award, pursuant
to any terms and conditions it selects, subject to Section 12.2; and 

(k) Make
all other decisions and determinations that may be required pursuant to the Plan or as the Administrator deems necessary or advisable
to administer the Plan. 

11.5 Decisions
Binding . The Administrator s interpretation of the Plan, any Awards granted pursuant to the Plan and any Award Agreement and
all decisions and determinations by the Administrator with respect to the Plan are final, binding and conclusive on all persons. 

11.6 Delegation
of Authority . The Board or Committee may from time to time delegate to a committee of one or more Directors or one or more
officers of the Company the authority to grant or amend Awards or to take other administrative actions pursuant to this Article 11; provided , however ,
that in no event shall an officer of the Company be delegated the authority to grant Awards to, or amend Awards held by, the
following individuals: (a) individuals who are subject to Section 16 of the Exchange Act, or (b) officers of the Company (or
Directors) to whom authority to grant or amend Awards has been delegated hereunder; provided , further , that any
delegation of administrative authority shall only be permitted to the extent it is permissible under any Organizational Documents
and Applicable Law. Any delegation hereunder shall be subject to the restrictions and limits that the Board or Committee specifies
at the time of such delegation or that are otherwise included in the applicable Organizational Documents, and the Board or
Committee, as applicable, may at any time rescind the authority so delegated or appoint a new delegate. At all times, the delegate
appointed under this Section 11.6 shall serve in such capacity at the pleasure of the Board or the Committee, as applicable, and the
Board or the Committee may abolish any committee at any time and re-vest in itself any previously delegated authority. 

ARTICLE
12. MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

12.1 Amendment, Suspension or Termination of the Plan . 

(a) Except
as otherwise provided in Section 12.1(b), the Plan may be wholly or partially amended or otherwise modified, suspended or terminated
at any time or from time to time by the Board; provided that, except as provided in Section 10.7, no amendment, suspension or
termination of the Plan shall, without the consent of the Participant, materially and adversely affect any rights or obligations under
any Award theretofore granted or awarded, unless the Award itself otherwise expressly so provides. 

(b) Notwithstanding
Section 12.1(a), the Board may not, except as provided in Section 12.2, take any of the following actions without approval of the Company s
stockholders given within the timeframe required by Applicable Law: (i) increase the Share Limit imposed in Section 3.1 on the maximum
number of Shares which may be issued under the Plan; (ii) reduce the price per share of any outstanding Option or Stock Appreciation
Right granted under the Plan or take any action prohibited under Section 10.6; (iii) cancel any Option or Stock Appreciation Right in
exchange for cash or another Award in violation of Section 10.6; or (iv) effect any other material amendment of the Plan that would require
stockholder approval under the rules of any securities exchange or automated quotation system on which the Shares are listed, quoted
or traded or under any other Applicable Law. 

(c) No
Awards may be granted or awarded during any period of suspension or after termination of the Plan. The Plan shall remain in effect until
it is terminated under Section 12.1(a). Any Awards that are outstanding on the date that the Plan is terminated shall remain in force
according to the terms of the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement. 

18 

12.2 Changes
in Common Stock or Assets of the Company, Acquisition or Liquidation of the Company, Change in Control and Other Corporate Events . 

(a) In
the event of any stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution (other
than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the shares of the Company s stock
or the share price of the Company s stock other than an Equity Restructuring, the Administrator may make equitable adjustments
to reflect an economic position that is the same as, or substantially similar to, the economic position a Participant would have
been in immediately prior to such Equity Restructuring, if any, to reflect such change with respect to: (i) the aggregate number and
kind of Shares that may be issued under the Plan (including, but not limited to, adjustments of the limitations in Section 3.1 on
the maximum number and kind of Shares which may be issued under the Plan); (ii) the number and kind of Shares (or other securities
or property) subject to outstanding Awards; (iii) the terms and conditions of any outstanding Awards (including, without limitation,
any applicable Performance Goals or Performance Criteria with respect thereto); and (iv) the grant or exercise price per share for
any outstanding Awards under the Plan. 

(b) In
the event of any transaction or event described in Section 12.2(a) or any unusual or nonrecurring transactions or events affecting the
Company, any Subsidiary of the Company, or the financial statements of the Company or any Subsidiary, or of changes in Applicable Law
or Applicable Accounting Standards, the Administrator, in its sole discretion, and on such terms and conditions as it deems appropriate,
either by the terms of the Award or by action taken prior to the occurrence of such transaction or event, is hereby authorized to take
any one or more of the following actions whenever the Administrator determines that such action is appropriate in order to prevent dilution
or enlargement of the benefits or potential benefits intended to be made available under the Plan or with respect to any Award under
the Plan, to facilitate such transactions or events or to give effect to such changes in Applicable Law or Applicable Accounting Standards: 

(i) To
provide for the termination of any such Award in exchange for an amount of cash and/or other property with a value equal to the amount
that would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights (and, for the avoidance
of doubt, if as of the date of the occurrence of the transaction or event described in this Section 12.2 the Administrator determines
in good faith that no amount would have been attained upon the exercise of such Award or realization of the Participant s rights,
then such Award may be terminated by the Company without payment); 

(ii) To
provide that such Award be assumed by the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof, or shall be substituted
for by similar options, rights or awards covering the stock of the successor or survivor corporation, or a parent or subsidiary thereof,
with appropriate adjustments as to the number and kind of shares and applicable exercise or purchase price, in all cases, as determined
by the Administrator; 

(iii) To
make adjustments in the number and type of Shares of the Company s stock (or other securities or property) subject to outstanding
Awards, and/or in the terms and conditions of (including the grant or exercise price), and the criteria included in, outstanding Awards
and Awards which may be granted in the future; 

(iv) To
provide that such Award shall be exercisable or payable or fully vested with respect to all Shares covered thereby, notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the Plan or the applicable Award Agreement; 

19 

(v) To
replace such Award with other rights or property selected by the Administrator; and/or 

(vi) To
provide that the Award cannot vest, be exercised or become payable after such event. 

(c) In
connection with the occurrence of any Equity Restructuring, and notwithstanding anything to the contrary in Section 12.2(a) and Section
12.2(b): 

(i) The
number and type of securities subject to each outstanding Award and the exercise price or grant price thereof, if applicable, shall be
equitably adjusted (and the adjustments provided under this Section 12.2(c)(i) shall be nondiscretionary and shall be final and binding
on the affected Participant and the Company); and/or 

(ii) The
Administrator shall make such equitable adjustments, if any, as the Administrator, in its sole discretion, may deem appropriate to reflect
such Equity Restructuring with respect to the aggregate number and kind of Shares that may be issued under the Plan (including, but not
limited to, adjustments of the limitation in Section 3.1 on the maximum number and kind of Shares which may be issued under the Plan). 

(d) Notwithstanding
any other provision of the Plan and except as otherwise set forth in an Award Agreement, in the event of a Change in Control, unless
outstanding Awards are assumed by the successor corporation (or parent thereof) or replaced with a comparable award for shares of the
capital stock of the successor corporation (or parent thereof), then immediately prior to the Change in Control such outstanding Awards
shall automatically become fully vested and exercisable for all of the Shares at the time subject to such Awards, all forfeiture restrictions
on such Awards shall lapse and all Performance Goals with respect to any outstanding Award shall be deemed met at the applicable target
level or to such other degree as may be provided in a Participant s Award Agreement or in such other written agreement entered
into between the Company and a Participant. Upon, or in anticipation of, a Change in Control in which outstanding Awards will not be
assumed or replaced as described above in this Section 12.2(d), the Administrator may cause any and all Awards outstanding hereunder
to terminate at a specific time in the future, including but not limited to the date of such Change in Control, and shall give each Participant
the right to exercise such Awards during a period of time as the Administrator, in its sole and absolute discretion, shall determine.
The determination of Award comparability shall be made by the Administrator, and its determination shall be final, binding and conclusive. 

(e) The
Administrator, in its sole discretion, may include such further provisions and limitations in any Award, agreement or certificate, as
it may deem equitable and in the best interests of the Company that are not inconsistent with the provisions of the Plan. 

(f) Unless
otherwise determined by the Administrator, no adjustment or action described in this Section 12.2 or in any other provision of the Plan
shall be authorized to the extent it would (i) result in short-swing profits liability under Section 16 of the Exchange Act or violate
the exemptive conditions of Rule 16b-3 of the Exchange Act; or (ii) cause an Award to fail to be exempt from or comply with Section 409A. 

(g) The
existence of the Plan, any Award Agreement and/or the Awards granted hereunder shall not affect or restrict in any way the right or
power of the Company or the stockholders of the Company to make or authorize any adjustment, recapitalization, reorganization or
other change in the Company s capital structure or its business, any merger or consolidation of the Company, any issue of
stock or of options, warrants or rights to purchase stock or of bonds, debentures, preferred or prior preference stocks whose rights
are superior to or affect the Shares or the rights thereof or which are convertible into or exchangeable for Shares, or the
dissolution or liquidation of the Company, or any sale or transfer of all or any part of its assets or business, or any other
corporate act or proceeding, whether of a similar character or otherwise. 

20 

(h) In
the event of any pending stock dividend, stock split, combination or exchange of shares, merger, consolidation or other distribution
(other than normal cash dividends) of Company assets to stockholders, or any other change affecting the Shares or the share price of
the Shares including any Equity Restructuring, for reasons of administrative convenience, the Administrator, in its sole discretion,
may refuse to permit the exercise of any Award during a period of up to thirty (30) days prior to the consummation of any such transaction. 

12.3 Approval
of Plan by Stockholders . The Plan shall be submitted for the approval of the Company s stockholders to the extent and by the
time required by any Applicable Law. Awards may be granted or awarded prior to any such stockholder approval; provided that to
the extent that stockholder approval is required by an Applicable Law, such Awards shall not be exercisable, shall not vest and the restrictions
thereon shall not lapse and no Shares shall be issued pursuant thereto prior to the time when any such required approval is obtained,
and if such approval is not obtained, all Awards previously granted or awarded under the Plan for which such approval was required shall
thereupon be canceled and become null and void. Without limiting the foregoing, any amendments to the Plan shall be subject to stockholder
approval to the extent provided in Section 12.1(b) above. 

12.4 No
Stockholders Rights . Except as otherwise provided herein or in an applicable Award Agreement, a Participant shall have none of the
rights of a stockholder with respect to Shares covered by any Award until the Participant becomes the record owner of such Shares. 

12.5 Paperless
Administration . In the event that the Company establishes, for itself or using the services of a third party, an automated system
for the documentation, granting or exercise of Awards, such as a system using an internet website or interactive voice response, then
the paperless documentation, granting or exercise of Awards by a Participant may be permitted through the use of such an automated system. 

12.6 Effect
of Plan upon Other Compensation Plans . The adoption of the Plan shall not affect any other compensation or incentive plans in
effect for the Company or any Subsidiary. Nothing in the Plan shall be construed to limit the right of the Company or any
Subsidiary: (a) to establish any other forms of incentives or compensation for Employees, Directors or Consultants of the Company or
any Subsidiary, or (b) to grant or assume options or other rights or awards otherwise than under the Plan in connection with any
proper corporate purpose including without limitation, the grant or assumption of options in connection with the acquisition by
purchase, lease, merger, consolidation or otherwise, of the business, stock or assets of any corporation, partnership, limited
liability company, firm or association. 

12.7 Compliance
with Laws . The Plan, the granting and vesting of Awards under the Plan and the issuance and delivery of Shares and the payment
of money under the Plan or under Awards granted or awarded hereunder are subject to compliance with all Applicable Law (including
but not limited to U.S. state, federal and Non-U.S. securities law and margin requirements), and to such approvals by any listing,
regulatory or governmental authority as may, in the opinion of counsel for the Company, be necessary or advisable in connection
therewith. Any securities delivered under the Plan shall be subject to such restrictions, and the person acquiring such securities
shall, if requested by the Company, provide such assurances and representations to the Company as the Company may deem necessary or
desirable to assure compliance with all Applicable Law. The Administrator, in its sole discretion, may take whatever actions it
deems necessary or appropriate to effect compliance with Applicable Law, including, without limitation, placing legends on share
certificates and issuing stop-transfer notices to agents and registrars. To the extent permitted by Applicable Law, the Plan and
Awards granted or awarded hereunder shall be deemed amended to the extent necessary to conform to Applicable Law. 

21 

12.8 Titles
and Headings, References to Sections of the Code or Exchange Act . The titles and headings of the Sections in the Plan are for convenience
of reference only and, in the event of any conflict, the text of the Plan, rather than such titles or headings, shall control. References
to sections of the Code or the Exchange Act shall include any amendment or successor thereto. 

12.9 Governing
Law . The Plan and any Award Agreements hereunder shall be administered, interpreted and enforced under the internal laws of the State
of Delaware without regard to conflicts of laws thereof or of any other jurisdiction. 

12.10 Section
409A . To the extent that the Administrator determines that any Award granted under the Plan is subject to Section 409A, the Plan
and the Award Agreement evidencing such Award shall incorporate the terms and conditions required by Section 409A. In that regard, to
the extent any Award under the Plan or any other compensatory plan or arrangement of the Company or any of its Subsidiaries is subject
to Section 409A, and such Award or other amount is payable on account of a Participant s Termination of Service (or any similarly
defined term), then (a) such Award or amount shall only be paid to the extent such Termination of Service qualifies as a separation
from service as defined in Section 409A, and (b) if such Award or amount is payable to a specified employee as defined
in Section 409A then, to the extent required in order to avoid a prohibited distribution under Section 409A, such Award or other compensatory
payment shall not be payable prior to the earlier of (i) the expiration of the six-month period measured from the date of the Participant s
Termination of Service, or (ii) the date of the Participant s death. To the extent applicable, the Plan and any Award Agreements
shall be interpreted in accordance with Section 409A. Notwithstanding any provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event that, following
the Effective Date the Administrator determines that any Award may be subject to Section 409A, the Administrator may (but is not obligated
to), without a Participant s consent, adopt such amendments to the Plan and the applicable Award Agreement or adopt other policies
and procedures (including amendments, policies and procedures with retroactive effect), or take any other actions, that the Administrator
determines are necessary or appropriate to (A) exempt the Award from Section 409A and/or preserve the intended tax treatment of the benefits
provided with respect to the Award, or (B) comply with the requirements of Section 409A and thereby avoid the application of any penalty
taxes under Section 409A. The Company makes no representations or warranties as to the tax treatment of any Award under Section 409A
or otherwise. The Company shall have no obligation under this Section 12.10 or otherwise to take any action (whether or not described
herein) to avoid the imposition of taxes, penalties or interest under Section 409A with respect to any Award and shall have no liability
to any Participant or any other person if any Award, compensation or other benefits under the Plan are determined to constitute non-compliant, nonqualified deferred compensation subject to the imposition of taxes, penalties and/or interest under Section
409A. 

12.11 Unfunded
Status of Awards . The Plan is intended to be an unfunded plan for incentive compensation. With respect to any payments
not yet made to a Participant pursuant to an Award, nothing contained in the Plan or any Award Agreement shall give the Participant any
rights that are greater than those of a general creditor of the Company or any Subsidiary. 

12.12 Relationship
to Other Benefits . No payment pursuant to the Plan shall be taken into account in determining any benefits under any pension, retirement,
savings, profit sharing, group insurance, welfare or other benefit plan of the Company or any Subsidiary except to the extent otherwise
expressly provided in writing in such other plan or an agreement thereunder. 

12.13 Expenses .
The expenses of administering the Plan shall be borne by the Company and its Subsidiaries. 

22 

</EX-10.3>

<EX-21.1>
 4
 f10k2022ex21-1_mawson.htm
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE COMPANY

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of Mawson Infrastructure Group
Inc 

Name of Subsidiary 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organisation 

Mawson Infrastructure Group Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 
 Mawson AU Ltd 
 Australia 
 
 MIG No. 1 Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 
 Cosmos Trading Pty Ltd 
 Australia 
 
 Cosmos Manager LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Cosmos Infrastructure LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Luna Squares Repairs LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Luna Squares LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Luna Squares Property LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Luna Squares Texas LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Mawson Mining LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Mawson Ohio LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Mawson Midland LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 Mawson Hosting LLC 
 Delaware 
 
 MIG No 1 LLC 
 Delaware 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 5
 f10k2022ex23-1_mawson.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

Exhibit 23.1 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT
REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We have issued our report dated March 23, 2023,
with respect to the December 31, 2022 consolidated financial statements, included in the Annual Report of Mawson Infrastructure Group
Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said report in the Registration
Statement of Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. on Forms S-3 (Form No. 333-260600, and 333-264062) and Form S-8 (File No. 333-258878). 

/s/ LNP Audit and Assurance International
Pty Ltd 

 Sydney, New South Wales, Australia 

 March 23, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 6
 f10k2022ex31-1_mawson.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I, James Manning, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mawson Infrastructure
Group Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 /s/ James Manning 

James Manning 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 7
 f10k2022ex31-2_mawson.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I, Ariel Sivikofsky, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Mawson Infrastructure
Group Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue
statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under
which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial
information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash
flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible
for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal
control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused
such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant,
including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which
this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting,
or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure
controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures,
as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed,
based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee
of the registrant s Board of Directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the
design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s
ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management
or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 23, 2023 
 /s/ Ariel Sivikofsky 

Ariel Sivikofsky 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 8
 f10k2022ex32-1_mawson.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Annual Report of Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned principal executive
officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 SOX ), that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ); and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

This certification
accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906 of SOX and shall not, except to the extent set forth in the Exchange Act, be deemed filed
by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into
any filling under the Securities Act of 1993, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates
it by reference. 

A signed original
of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 906 of SOX has been provided by the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ James Manning 

James Manning, 

Chief Executive Officer 
(Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 9
 f10k2022ex32-2_mawson.htm
 CERTIFICATION

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION
1350 

AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY
ACT OF 2002 

In connection
with the Annual Report of Mawson Infrastructure Group Inc. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022,
as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned principal financial
officer of the Company, hereby certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 SOX ), that: 

(1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a)
or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ); and 

(2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in
all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

This certification
accompanies this Report pursuant to Section 906 of SOX and shall not, except to the extent set forth in the Exchange Act, be deemed filed
by the Company for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Such certification will not be deemed to be incorporated by reference into
any filling under the Securities Act of 1993, as amended, or the Exchange Act, except to the extent that the Company specifically incorporates
it by reference. 

A signed original
of this written statement required by Rule 13a-14(b) or 15d-14(b) of the Exchange Act and Section 906 of SOX has been provided by the
Company and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

Date: March 23, 2023 

/s/ Ariel Sivikofsky 

Ariel Sivikofsky 

Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 10
 migi-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 11
 migi-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 12
 migi-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 13
 migi-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 14
 migi-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

