<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230307_10-K_edgar_data_108985_0000108985-23-000016.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9877023</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>145114</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1500520</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2917462</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2780236</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2188152</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000108985-23-000016.hdr.sgml : 20230307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230307113913
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000108985-23-000016
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		89
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			YORK WATER CO
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000108985
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	WATER SUPPLY [4941]
		IRS NUMBER:				231242500
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			PA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-34245
		FILM NUMBER:		23711649

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 E MARKET ST
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17401-1219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		7178453601

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		130 EAST MARKET STREET
		CITY:			YORK
		STATE:			PA
		ZIP:			17401-1219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000108985-23-000016.txt : 20230307

10-K
 1
 form10k.htm
 THE YORK WATER COMPANY 10K 12-31-22

UNITED STATES

SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION

Washington, D.C. 20549

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the fiscal year ended 

OR

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934

For the transition period from __________ to __________

Commission file number 

THE MPANY 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter)

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)

(I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices)

(Zip Code)

Registrant s telephone number, including area code ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act:

(Title of Class)

(Trading Symbol)

(Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered)

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act:

None 

(Title of Each Class)

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act.

Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days.

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule
 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files).

No

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting
 company, or an emerging growth company . See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging
 growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any
 new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal
 control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing
 reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements.

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery
 period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act).

Yes No

The aggregate market value of the Common Stock, no par value, held by nonaffiliates of the registrant on June 30, 2022 was .

As of March 7, 2023, there were shares of Common Stock, no par value, outstanding.

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE

Portions of the Proxy Statement for the Company s 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders are incorporated by reference into Part I and Part III.

TABLE OF CONTENTS

Forward-Looking Statements 

3 

PART I

Item 1. 

Business 

4 

Item 1A. 

Risk Factors 

7 

Item 1B. 

Unresolved Staff Comments 

7 

Item 2. 

Properties 

8 

Item 3. 

Legal Proceedings 

9 

Item 4. 

Mine Safety Disclosures 

9 

PART II

Item 5. 

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder
 Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 

10 

Item 6. 

Reserved 

10 

Item 7. 

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and
 Results of Operation 

10 

Item 7A. 

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 

19 

Item 8. 

Financial Statements 

19 

Item 9. 

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and
 Financial Disclosure 

49 

Item 9A. 

Controls and Procedures 

49 

Item 9B. 

Other Information 

50 

Item 9C 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

50 

PART III

Item 10. 

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

50 

Item 11. 

Executive Compensation 

51 

Item 12. 

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and
 Related Stockholder Matters 

51 

Item 13. 

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
 Independence 

51 

Item 14. 

Principal Accounting Fees and Services 

51 

PART IV

Item 15. 

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

52 

Item 16. 

Form 10-K Summary 

56 

Signatures 

58 

Page 2 

FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS

Certain statements contained in this annual report and in documents incorporated by reference constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E
 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933. Words such as may, should, believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking
 statements. These forward-looking statements include certain information relating to the Company s business strategy and future prospects; including, but not limited to:

the amount and timing of rate increases and other regulatory matters including the recovery of costs recorded as
 regulatory assets;

expected profitability and results of operations;

trends;

goals, priorities and plans for, and cost of, growth and expansion;

strategic initiatives;

availability of water supply;

water usage by customers; and

the ability to pay dividends on common stock and the rate of those dividends.

The forward-looking statements in this Annual Report reflect what the Company currently anticipates will happen. What actually happens could differ materially from
 what it currently anticipates will happen. The Company does not intend to make a public announcement when forward-looking statements in this Annual Report are no longer accurate, whether as a result of new information, what actually happens in the
 future or for any other reason. Important matters that may affect what will actually happen include, but are not limited to:

changes in weather, including drought conditions or extended periods of heavy precipitation;

natural disasters, including pandemics such as the current outbreak of the novel strain of coronavirus known as
 COVID-19 and its variants and the effectiveness of the Company s pandemic plans;

levels of rate relief granted;

the level of commercial and industrial business activity within the Company s service territory;

construction of new housing within the Company s service territory and increases in population;

changes in government policies or regulations, including the tax code;

the ability to obtain permits for expansion projects;

material changes in demand from customers, including the impact of conservation efforts which may impact the demand
 of customers for water;

changes in economic and business conditions, including interest rates;

loss of customers;

changes in, or unanticipated, capital requirements;

the impact of acquisitions;

changes in accounting pronouncements;

changes in the Company s credit rating or the market price of its common stock; and

the ability to obtain financing.

Table of Contents 

Page 3 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

PART I

Item 1.

Business.

The York Water Company (the Company is the oldest investor-owned water utility in the United States and is duly organized under the laws of the Commonwealth of
 Pennsylvania. The Company has operated continuously since 1816. The primary business of the Company is to impound, purify to meet or exceed safe drinking water standards and distribute water. The Company also owns and operates three wastewater
 collection systems and eight wastewater collection and treatment systems. The Company operates within its franchised water and wastewater territory, which covers portions of 54 municipalities within three counties in south-central Pennsylvania. 
 The Company is regulated by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, or PPUC, for both water and wastewater in the areas of billing, payment procedures, dispute processing, terminations, service territory, debt and equity financing and rate
 setting. The Company must obtain PPUC approval before changing any practices associated with the aforementioned areas.

Water service is supplied through the Company s own distribution system. The Company obtains the bulk of its water supply for its primary system for York and Adams
 Counties from both the South Branch and East Branch of the Codorus Creek, which together have an average daily flow of 73.0 million gallons from a combined watershed area of approximately 117 square miles. The Company has two reservoirs on this
 primary system, Lake Williams and Lake Redman, which together hold up to approximately 2.2 billion gallons of water. The Company supplements these reservoirs with a 15-mile pipeline from the Susquehanna River to Lake Redman which provides access
 to an additional supply of 12.0 million gallons of untreated water per day. The Company obtains its water supply for its system for Franklin County from the Roxbury Dam on the Conodoguinet Creek, which has an average daily flow of approximately
 26.0 million gallons from a watershed area of approximately 33 square miles. The Company has a reservoir on this system which holds up to approximately 330 million gallons of water. The Company also owns eleven wells which are capable of
 providing a safe yield of approximately 637,000 gallons per day to supply water to the customers of its groundwater satellite systems in York and Adams Counties. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s average daily availability was 40.8 million
 gallons, and average daily consumption was approximately 21.1 million gallons. The Company s service territory had an estimated population of 208,000 as of December 31, 2022. Industry within the Company s service territory is diversified,
 manufacturing such items as fixtures and furniture, electrical machinery, food products, paper, ordnance units, textile products, air conditioning systems, laundry detergent, barbells, and motorcycles.

The Company s water business is somewhat dependent on weather conditions, particularly the amount and timing of precipitation. Revenues are particularly vulnerable to
 weather conditions in the summer months. Prolonged periods of hot and dry weather generally cause increased water usage for watering lawns, washing cars, and keeping golf courses and sports fields irrigated. Conversely, prolonged periods of dry
 weather could lead to drought restrictions from governmental authorities. Despite the Company s adequate water supply, customers may be required to cut back water usage under such drought restrictions which would negatively impact revenues. The
 Company has addressed some of this vulnerability by instituting minimum customer charges which are intended to cover fixed costs of operations under all likely weather conditions.

The Company s business does not require large amounts of working capital and is not dependent on any single customer or a very few customers for a material portion of
 its business. Increases in revenues are generally dependent on the Company s ability to obtain rate increases from the PPUC in a timely manner and in adequate amounts and to increase volumes of water sold through increased consumption and
 increases in the number of customers served. The Company continuously looks for water and wastewater acquisition and expansion opportunities both within and outside its current service territory as well as additional opportunities to enter into
 bulk water contracts with municipalities and other entities to supply water.

The Company has agreements with several municipalities to provide billing and collection services. The Company also has a service line protection program on a
 targeted basis in order to further diversify its business. Under this optional program, customers pay a fixed monthly fee, and the Company will repair or replace damaged customer service lines, as needed, subject to an annual maximum dollar
 amount. The Company continues to review and consider opportunities to expand both initiatives.

Table of Contents 

Page 4 

Competition

As a regulated utility, the Company operates within an exclusive franchised territory that is substantially free from direct competition with other public utilities,
 municipalities, and other entities. Although the Company has been granted an exclusive franchise for each of its existing community water and wastewater systems, the ability of the Company to expand or acquire new service territories may be
 affected by currently unknown competitors obtaining franchises to surrounding systems by application or acquisition. These competitors may include other investor-owned utilities, nearby municipally-owned utilities and sometimes competition from
 strategic or financial purchasers seeking to enter or expand in the water and wastewater industry. The addition of new service territory and the acquisition of other utilities are generally subject to review and approval by the PPUC.

Water and Wastewater Quality and Environmental Regulations

Provisions of water and wastewater service are subject to regulation under the federal Safe Drinking Water Act, the Clean Water Act and related state laws, and under
 federal and state regulations issued under these laws. In addition, the Company is subject to federal and state laws and other regulations relating to solid waste disposal, dam safety and other aspects of its operations.

The federal Safe Drinking Water Act establishes criteria and procedures for the U.S. Environmental Protection Agency, or EPA, to develop national quality standards. 
 Regulations issued under the Act, and its amendments, set standards on the amount of certain contaminants allowable in drinking water. Current requirements are not expected to have a material impact on the Company s operations or financial
 condition as it already meets or exceeds standards. In the future, the Company may be required to change its method of treating drinking water and may incur additional capital investments if new regulations become effective.

Under the requirements of the Pennsylvania Safe Drinking Water Act, or SDWA, the Pennsylvania Department of Environmental Protection, or DEP, regulates the quality of
 the finished water supplied to customers. The DEP requires the Company to submit monthly reports showing the results of daily bacteriological and other chemical and physical analyses. As part of this requirement, the Company conducts over 70,000
 laboratory tests annually. Management believes that the Company complies with the standards established by the agency under the SDWA. The DEP assists the Company by regulating discharges into the Company s watershed area to prevent and eliminate
 pollution.

The federal Groundwater Rule establishes protections against microbial pathogens in community water supplies. This rule requires additional testing of water from well
 sources, and under certain circumstances requires demonstration and maintenance of effective disinfection. The Company holds public water supply permits issued by the DEP, which establishes the groundwater source operating conditions for its
 wells, including demonstrated 4-log treatment of viruses. All of the groundwater satellite systems operated by the Company are in compliance with the federal Groundwater Rule.

The Clean Water Act regulates discharges from water and wastewater treatment facilities into lakes, rivers, streams, and groundwater. The Company complies with this
 Act by obtaining and maintaining all required permits and approvals for discharges from its water and wastewater facilities and by satisfying all conditions and regulatory requirements associated with the permits.

The DEP monitors the quality of wastewater discharge effluent under the provisions of the National Pollutant Discharge Elimination System, or NPDES. The Company
 submits monthly reports to the DEP showing the results of its daily effluent monitoring and removal of sludge and biosolids. The Company is not aware of any significant environmental remediation costs necessary from the handling and disposal of
 waste material from its wastewater operations.

Table of Contents 

Page 5 

Lead and copper may enter drinking water primarily through plumbing materials. The Company is required to comply with the Lead and Copper Rule established by the EPA
 and administered by the DEP. The Company must monitor drinking water at customer taps for compliance with this rule. If lead concentrations exceed an action level, the Company must undertake a number of additional actions to control corrosion,
 inform the public about steps they should take to protect their health and may be required to replace lead service lines under its control. The Company is currently in compliance with standards under the Lead and Copper Rule.

The DEP and the Susquehanna River Basin Commission, or SRBC, regulate the amount of water withdrawn from streams in the watershed to assure that sufficient quantities
 are available to meet the needs of the Company and other regulated users. Through its Division of Dam Safety, the DEP regulates the operation and maintenance of the Company s impounding dams. The Company routinely inspects its dams and prepares
 annual reports of their condition as required by DEP regulations. The DEP reviews these reports and inspects the Company s dams. The DEP most recently inspected some of the Company s dams in 2022.

Since 1980, the DEP has required any new dam to have a spillway that is capable of passing the design flood without overtopping the dam. The design flood is either
 the Probable Maximum Flood, or PMF, or some fraction of it, depending on the size and location of the dam. PMF is very conservative and is calculated using the most severe combination of meteorological and hydrologic conditions reasonably possible
 in the watershed area of a dam.

The Company engaged a professional engineer to analyze the spillway capacities at the Lake Williams and Lake Redman dams and validate the DEP s recommended flood
 design for the dams. Management presented the results of the study to the DEP in December 2004, and DEP then requested that the Company submit a proposed schedule for the actions to address the spillway capacities. Thereafter, the Company
 retained an engineering firm to prepare preliminary designs for increasing the spillway capacities to pass the PMF through armoring the dams with roller compacted concrete. Management met with the DEP on a regular basis to review the preliminary
 design and discuss scheduling, permitting, and construction requirements including their concern regarding the stability of the Lake Williams spillway in light of current design standards. The Company completed the final design and the permitting
 process to armor and replace the spillway of the Lake Williams dam and began construction in 2022 at a total cost of approximately 39 million. The Lake Redman dam will be reviewed following the completion of the work on the Lake Williams dam.

Capital expenditures and operating costs required as a result of water quality standards and environmental requirements have been traditionally recognized by state
 public utility commissions as appropriate for inclusion in establishing rates. The capital expenditures currently required as a result of water quality standards and environmental requirements have been budgeted in the Company s capital program
 and represent less than 15 of its expected total capital expenditures over the next five years. The Company is currently in compliance with wastewater environmental standards and does not anticipate any major capital expenditures for its current
 wastewater business.

Growth

(All dollar amounts are stated in thousands of dollars)

The Company continues to grow its number of customers and distribution facilities.

The growth in the number of customers is due primarily to the acquisition of water and wastewater systems and organic growth. During the year ended December 31, 2022,
 the Company increased its number of customers from 73,144 to 76,731. See Management s Discussion and Analysis Acquisitions and Growth for a discussion of the Company s recent acquisitions.

The Company continues to grow its water distribution and wastewater collection systems to provide reliable service to its expanding franchised service territory and
 the increasing population within that territory. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company installed an additional 97,800 feet of water distribution mains and acquired an additional 235,200 feet of water distribution mains resulting in
 1,065 miles of water mains as of December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company acquired an additional 114,100 feet of wastewater collection mains resulting in 94 miles of wastewater mains as of December 31, 2022.

Table of Contents 

Page 6 

The Company s growth in revenues is primarily a result of customer growth and increases in water and wastewater rates. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the
 Company recognized revenue of 60,061, an increase of 4,942, or 9.0 , as compared to 55,119 during the year ended December 31, 2021. In 2022, operating revenue was derived from the following sources and in the following percentages:
 residential, 65 ; commercial and industrial, 27 ; and other, 8 , which is primarily from the provision for fire service but includes other water and wastewater service-related income. See Management s Discussion and Analysis Rate Matters for
 a discussion of the Company s rate case management.

Information about Our Executive Officers

The Company presently has 116 employees, all of which are full time employees including the officers detailed in the information set forth under the caption
 Executive Officers of the Company of the 2023 Proxy Statement incorporated herein by reference.

Available Information

The Company makes available free of charge, on or through its website (www.yorkwater.com), its annual report on Form 10-K, its quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current
 reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act as soon as reasonably practicable after the Company electronically files such material with, or furnishes it to, the
 SEC. The SEC also maintains a website at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements, and other information about SEC registrants, including the Company.

Shareholders may request, without charge, copies of the Company s financial reports. Such requests, as well as other investor relations inquiries, should be addressed
 to:

Molly E. Houck

The York Water Company

(717) 718-2942

Investor Relations 

130 East Market Street

(800) 750-5561

Communications Administrator

York, PA 17401

mollyh@yorkwater.com

Item 1A.

Risk Factors.

Not applicable.

Item 1B.

Unresolved Staff Comments.

None.

Table of Contents 

Page 7 

Item 2.

Properties.

Source of Water Supply

The Company obtains the bulk of its water supply for its primary system for York and Adams Counties from both the South Branch and East Branch of the Codorus Creek,
 which together have an average daily flow of approximately 73.0 million gallons from a combined watershed area of approximately 117 square miles. The Company owns two impounding dams on this primary system located in York and Springfield Townships
 adjoining the Borough of Jacobus to the south. The lower dam, the Lake Williams Impounding Dam, creates a reservoir covering approximately 165 acres containing about 870 million gallons of water. The upper dam, the Lake Redman Impounding Dam,
 creates a reservoir covering approximately 290 acres containing about 1.3 billion gallons of water. The Company supplements these reservoirs with a 15-mile pipeline from the Susquehanna River to Lake Redman which provides access to an additional
 supply of 12.0 million gallons per day, or MGD.

The Company obtains its water supply for its system for Franklin County from the Roxbury Dam on the Conodoguinet Creek, which has an average daily flow of
 approximately 26.0 million gallons from a watershed area of approximately 33 square miles. The Company has a reservoir on this system which holds up to approximately 330 million gallons of water.

The Company also owns satellite groundwater systems in York and Adams Counties. The systems consist of eleven wells capable of providing a combined safe yield of
 approximately 637,000 gallons per day.

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s present average daily availability was 40.8 million gallons, and daily consumption was approximately 21.1 million gallons.

Pumping Stations

The Company s main pumping station is located in Spring Garden Township, York County, on the south branch of the Codorus Creek about four miles downstream from the
 Company s lower impounding dam. The pumping station houses pumping equipment with a combined permitted capacity of 42.0 MGD. A large diesel backup generator is installed to provide power to the pumps in the event of an emergency. The untreated
 water is pumped approximately two miles to the filtration plant through pipes owned by the Company.

The Susquehanna River Pumping Station is located on the western shore of the Susquehanna River in York County, several miles south of Wrightsville. The pumping
 station houses pumping equipment with a combined permitted capacity of 12.0 MGD. The pumping station pumps water from the Susquehanna River approximately 15 miles through a combination of 30 inch and 36 inch ductile iron main to the Company s
 upper impounding dam, located at Lake Redman.

The Lake Redman Pumping Station is located in York Township, York County, adjacent to Lake Redman. The pumping station is designed to provide a redundant source with
 permitted capacity to pump 20.0 MGD of untreated water through a company-owned 36 inch force main approximately 3.5 miles to the filtration plant, meeting the Company s daily consumption needs.

Treatment Facilities

The Company s primary water filtration plant is located in Spring Garden Township, York County, about one-half mile south of the City of York. Water at this plant is
 filtered through twelve dual media filters having a rated capacity of 39.0 MGD, with a maximum supply of 42.0 MGD for short periods if necessary.

The Company s sediment recycling facility is located adjacent to this water filtration plant. This state of the art facility employs cutting edge technology to remove
 fine, suspended solids from untreated water. The Company estimates that through this energy-efficient, environmentally friendly process, approximately 600 tons of sediment will be removed annually, thereby improving the quality of the Codorus
 Creek watershed.

Table of Contents 

Page 8 

The Company also operates a water filtration plant in Greene Township, Franklin County. Water at this plant is filtered through filters having a rated capacity of
 1.16 MGD.

Based on a total average daily consumption in 2022 of approximately 21.1 million gallons, the Company believes the water pumping and filtering facilities are
 adequate to meet present and anticipated demands.

The Company has eight wastewater treatment facilities located in three counties within south-central Pennsylvania. The wastewater treatment plants range
 from small extended aeration package plants to three larger facilities that utilize Biological Nutrient Removal/tertiary treatment technology, and have a combined permitted flow capacity of 772,500 gallons. With a projected maximum daily demand
 of 314,000 gallons, the plants flow paths offer both capacity and operational redundancy for maintenance, high flow events, and potential growth.

Distribution and Collection

The distribution systems of the Company have approximately 1,065 miles of water main lines which range in diameter from 2 inches to 36 inches. The distribution
 systems include booster stations and standpipes and reservoirs capable of storing approximately 59.4 million gallons of potable water. All booster stations are equipped with at least two pumps for protection in case of mechanical failure. 
 Following a deliberate study of customer demand and pumping capacity, the Company installed standby generators at all critical booster stations to provide an alternate energy source or emergency power in the event of an electric utility
 interruption.

The eleven wastewater collection systems of the Company have approximately 94 miles of gravity collection mains and pressure force mains along with redundant sewage
 pumping stations.

Other Properties

The Company s distribution center and material and supplies warehouse are located in Springettsbury Township and are composed of three one-story concrete block
 buildings aggregating 30,680 square feet.

The administrative and executive offices of the Company are located in one three-story and one two-story brick and masonry buildings, containing a total of
 approximately 21,861 square feet, in the City of York, Pennsylvania.

All of the Company s properties described above are held in fee by the Company. There are no material encumbrances on such properties.

In 1976, the Company entered into a Joint Use and Park Management Agreement with York County under which the Company licensed use of certain of its lands and waters
 for public park purposes for a period of 50 years. Under the agreement, York County has agreed not to erect a dam upstream on the East Branch of the Codorus Creek or otherwise obstruct the flow of the creek.

Item 3.

Legal Proceedings.

There are no material legal proceedings involving the Company.

Item 4.

Mine Safety Disclosures.

Not applicable.

Table of Contents 

Page 9 

PART II

Item 5.

Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities.

Market Information

The common stock of The York Water Company is traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol YORW.

Shareholders of record (excluding individual participants in securities positions listings) as of December 31, 2022 numbered approximately 1,890.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans

The information required by this item with respect to securities authorized for issuance under equity compensation plans is set forth in Part III, Item 12 of this
 Annual Report.

Purchases of Equity Securities by the Company

The Company did not repurchase any of its securities during the fourth quarter of 2022.

Item 6.

Reserved.

Item 7.

Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations.

(All dollar amounts are stated in thousands of dollars.)

Overview

The York Water Company (the Company is the oldest investor-owned water utility in the United States, operated continuously since 1816. The Company also owns and
 operates three wastewater collection systems and eight wastewater collection and treatment systems. The Company is a purely regulated water and wastewater utility. Profitability is largely dependent on water revenues. Due to the size of the
 Company and the limited geographic diversity of its service territory, weather conditions, particularly precipitation, economic, and market conditions can have an adverse effect on revenues. The Company experienced increased revenues in 2022
 compared to 2021 primarily due to an increase in the number of customers and revenues from the distribution system improvement charge, or DSIC.

The Company s business does not require large amounts of working capital and is not dependent on any single customer or a very few customers for a material portion of
 its business. In 2022, operating revenue was derived from the following sources and in the following percentages: residential, 65 ; commercial and industrial, 27 ; and other, 8 , which is primarily from the provision for fire service, but includes
 other water and wastewater service-related income. The diverse customer mix helps to reduce volatility in consumption.

The Company seeks to grow revenues by increasing the volume of water sold through increases in the number of customers served, making timely and prudent investments in
 infrastructure replacements, expansion and improvements, and timely filing for rate increases. The Company continuously looks for acquisition and expansion opportunities both within and outside its current service territory as well as through
 contractual services and bulk water supply. The Company s wastewater business provides additional opportunities to expand.

Table of Contents 

Page 10 

The Company has entered into agreements with municipalities to provide billing and collection services. The Company also has a service line protection program on a
 targeted basis. The Company continues to review and consider opportunities to expand both initiatives to further diversify the business.

In addition to increasing revenue, the Company consistently focuses on minimizing costs without sacrificing water quality or customer service. Paperless billing,
 expanding online services, negotiation of favorable electric, banking, and other costs, as well as taking advantage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017, or the 2017 Tax Act, and the Internal Revenue Service, or IRS, tangible property regulations,
 or TPR, are examples of the Company s recent efforts to minimize costs.

Impact of COVID-19

On March 11, 2020, the World Health Organization characterized an outbreak of a novel strain of coronavirus COVID-19 as a pandemic. The Company has taken steps,
 consistent with directions from federal, state, and local authorities, to mitigate known risks with the health and safety of its employees and customers as its first priority.

The Company is an essential, life-sustaining business and has continued normal operations. Although most restrictions have been lifted, the Company continues to
 monitor guidance from federal, state, and local authorities. Any new restrictions are not expected to materially impede the Company s ability to complete its planned capital expenditures or acquisitions. The Company has not experienced any
 material supply chain disruptions. The Company has been informed of longer lead times for some items, although this does not impact daily operating supplies. The Company maintains an adequate inventory of critical repair parts which are available
 as needed. The Company continues to maintain relationships with its vendors to identify issues in a timely manner while also seeking out additional vendor relationships to diversify its supply chain. The Company has addressed the longer lead
 times by placing orders proactively with its vendors to align with current lead times. If the delays increase materially or if certain materials and supplies become unavailable, the Company may re-prioritize some of its capital projects or
 experience higher operating expenses or capital costs. The Company believes it has sufficient liquidity and access to the capital markets if needed.

To date, there has been no material impact on the Company s workforce, operations, financial performance, liquidity, or supply chain as a result of COVID-19. However,
 the ultimate duration and severity of the pandemic or its effects on the economy, the capital and credit markets, or the Company s workforce, customers, and suppliers, as well as governmental and regulatory responses, are uncertain.

Performance Measures

Company management uses financial measures including operating revenues, net income, earnings per share and return on equity to evaluate its financial performance. 
 Additional statistical measures including number of customers, customer complaint rate, annual customer rates and the efficiency ratio are used to evaluate performance quality. These measures are calculated on a regular basis and compared with
 historical information, budget and the other publicly-traded water and wastewater companies.

The Company s performance in 2022 was strong under the above measures. Operating revenues increased in 2022 compared to 2021 primarily due to an increase in the
 number of customers and revenues from the DSIC. The increase in operating revenues offset the increases in operating expenses. The Company incurred lower income taxes primarily due to a higher deduction for the tax benefit under the IRS TPR. The
 overall effect was an increase in net income in 2022 over 2021 of 15.3 and a return on year end common equity of 9.5 . The return on year end common equity was strong but lower than the 2021 result of 11.1 and the five-year historical average of
 11.0 due to an increase in common equity from an underwritten public stock offering completed in 2022.

The efficiency ratio, which is calculated as net income divided by revenues, is used by management to evaluate its ability to control expenses. Over the five previous
 years, the Company s ratio averaged 28.8 . In 2022, the ratio was higher than the average at 32.6 due primarily to lower income taxes than are included in the historical average. Management is confident that its ratio will compare favorably to
 that of its peers. Management continues to look for ways to decrease expenses and increase efficiency as well as to file for rate increases promptly when needed.

Table of Contents 

Page 11 

2022 Compared with 2021

Net income for 2022 was 19,580, an increase of 2,596, or 15.3 , from net income of 16,984 for 2021. The primary contributing factors to the increase were higher
 operating revenues and lower income taxes, which were partially offset by higher expenses.

Operating revenues for 2022 increased 4,942, or 9.0 , from 55,119 for 2021 to 60,061 for 2022. The increase was primarily due to growth in the customer base and
 revenues from the DSIC of 2,243. The average number of wastewater customers served in 2022 increased as compared to 2021 by 2,284 customers, from 3,325 to 5,609 customers, primarily due to the West Manheim Township acquisition. The average
 number of water customers served in 2022 increased as compared to 2021 by 798 customers, from 69,622 to 70,420 customers. Total per capita consumption for 2022 was approximately 1.2 higher than the same period of last year. The Company expects
 revenues for 2023 to increase due to an increase in rates effective March 1, 2023, and the continued increase in the number of water and wastewater customers from acquisitions and growth within the Company s service territory. Any slowdown
 resulting from COVID-19 or economic factors or changes in consumption patterns could impact results. Other regulatory actions and weather patterns could also impact results.

Operating expenses for 2022 increased 3,855, or 12.2 , from 31,723 for 2021 to 35,578 for the corresponding 2022 period. The increase was primarily due to higher
 expenses of approximately 1,280 for depreciation, 732 for wastewater treatment, 522 for wages, 499 for water treatment, 442 for distribution system maintenance, and 222 for billing and revenue collection services. Other expenses increased by
 a net of 272. The increased expenses were partially offset by 114 for lower pension administration expenses. In 2023, the Company expects depreciation expense to continue to rise due to additional investment in utility plant, and other expenses
 to increase as costs to treat water and wastewater, and to maintain and extend the distribution system, continue to rise.

Interest on debt for 2022 increased 188 or 3.8 , from 4,926 for 2021 to 5,114 for 2022. The increase was primarily due to an increase in interest rates and
 long-term debt outstanding. The average debt outstanding under the lines of credit was 13,428 for 2022 and 11,487 for 2021. The weighted average interest rate on the lines of credit was 2.11 for 2022 and 1.30 for 2021. Interest expense for
 2023 is expected to be higher due to continued borrowings and expected increases in interest rates.

Allowance for funds used during construction increased 280, from 1,221 in 2021 to 1,501 in 2022 due to a higher volume of eligible construction. Allowance for
 funds used during construction in 2023 is expected to increase based on a projected increase in the amount of eligible construction.

Other income (expenses), net for 2022 reflects decreased expenses of 373 as compared to 2021. Lower retirement expenses of approximately 660 due mostly to an
 increase in the discount rate, were the primary reason for the decrease. Lower earnings on life insurance policies of 145 and higher charitable contributions of 58 partially offset the decrease. Other expenses increased by a net of 84. In
 2023, other income (expenses) will be largely determined by the change in market returns and discount rates for retirement programs and related assets.

Income taxes for 2022 decreased 1,105, or 98.7 , compared to 2021 primarily due to higher deductions from the IRS TPR. The Company s effective tax rate was 0.1 for
 2022 and 6.2 for 2021. The Company s effective tax rate for 2023 will be largely determined by the level of eligible asset improvements expensed for tax purposes under TPR each period.

Rate Matters

See Note 10 to the Company s financial statements included herein for a discussion of its rate matters.

Effective January 1, 2023, the Company s tariff included a DSIC on revenues of 4.91 . The DSIC reset to zero when new rates took effect on March 1,
 2023.

Table of Contents 

Page 12 

Acquisitions and Growth

See Note 2 to the Company s financial statements included herein for a discussion of completed acquisitions included in financial results.

On November 9, 2022, the Company signed an agreement to purchase the wastewater collection and treatment assets of CMV Sewage Co., Inc. in Chanceford Township, York
 County, Pennsylvania. Completion of the acquisition is contingent upon receiving approval from all required regulatory authorities. Closing is expected in the second half of 2023 at which time the Company will add approximately 280 wastewater
 customers.

On June 9, 2022, the Company signed an agreement to purchase the wastewater collection and treatment assets of MESCO, Inc. in Monaghan Township, York County,
 Pennsylvania. Completion of the acquisition is contingent upon receiving approval from all required regulatory authorities. Closing is expected in the second half of 2023 at which time the Company will add approximately 180 wastewater customers.

On April 28, 2022, the Company signed an agreement to purchase the water assets and wastewater collection and treatment assets of Conewago Industrial Park Water 
 Sewer Company in Donegal Township, Lancaster County, Pennsylvania. Completion of the acquisition is contingent upon receiving approval from all required regulatory authorities. Closing is expected in the second half of 2023 at which time the
 Company will add approximately 30 commercial and industrial water and wastewater customers.

In total, these acquisitions are expected to be immaterial to Company results. The Company is also pursuing other bulk water contracts and acquisitions in and around
 its service territory to help offset any potential declines in per capita water consumption and to grow its business.

On May 10, 2017, the Company signed an emergency interconnect agreement with Dallastown-Yoe Water Authority. The effectiveness of this agreement is contingent upon
 receiving approval from all required regulatory authorities. Approval is expected to be granted in 2023 at which time the Company will begin construction of a water main extension to a single point of interconnection and either supply a minimum
 agreed upon amount of water to the authority, receive a payment in lieu of water, or provide water during an emergency, at current tariff rates.

Capital Expenditures

During 2022, the Company invested 50,532 in construction expenditures for routine items, armoring and replacing the spillway of the Lake Williams dam, and wastewater
 treatment plant construction as well as various replacements and improvements to infrastructure. In addition, the Company invested 3,388 in the acquisition of multiple water and wastewater systems. The Company replaced approximately 61,000 feet
 of main in 2022. The Company was able to fund construction expenditures using internally-generated funds, line of credit borrowings, cash generated from the underwritten common stock offering, proceeds from its stock purchase plans and customer
 advances and contributions from developers, municipalities, customers, or builders. See Notes 1, 4 and 5 to the Company s financial statements included herein.

The Company anticipates construction and acquisition expenditures for 2023 and 2024 of approximately 60,600 and 47,100, respectively, exclusive of any acquisitions
 not yet approved. In addition to routine transmission and distribution projects, a portion of the anticipated 2023 and 2024 expenditures will be for additional main extensions, armoring and replacing the spillway of the Lake Williams dam,
 wastewater treatment plant construction, water treatment plant upgrades, and various replacements of infrastructure. The Company intends to use primarily internally-generated funds for its anticipated 2023 and 2024 construction and fund the
 remainder through line of credit borrowings, potential debt and equity offerings, proceeds from its stock purchase plans and customer advances and contributions (see Note 1 to the Company s financial statements included herein). Customer advances
 and contributions are expected to account for between 5 and 10 of funding requirements in 2023 and 2024. The Company believes it will have adequate credit facilities and access to the capital markets, if necessary, during 2023 and 2024, to fund
 anticipated construction and acquisition expenditures.

Table of Contents 

Page 13 

Liquidity and Capital Resources

Cash

The Company manages its cash through a cash management account that is directly connected to its line of credit. Excess cash generated automatically pays down
 outstanding borrowings under the line of credit arrangement. If there are no outstanding borrowings, the cash is used as an earnings credit to reduce banking fees. Likewise, if additional funds are needed beyond what is generated internally for
 payroll, to pay suppliers, to fund capital expenditures, or to pay debt service, funds are automatically borrowed under the line of credit. As of December 31, 2022, the Company borrowed 29,740 under its line of credit and incurred a cash
 overdraft on its cash management account of 3,175, which was recorded in accounts payable. The cash management facility connected to the line of credit is expected to provide the necessary liquidity and funding for the Company s operations,
 capital expenditures, and acquisitions for the foreseeable future.

Restricted Cash

At December 31, 2020, the Company held 5,000 in restricted cash which was the bid deposit for a potential acquisition which became unrestricted in the first quarter
 of 2021.

Accounts Receivable

The accounts receivable balance tends to follow the change in revenues but is also affected by the timeliness of payments by customers and the level of the reserve for
 doubtful accounts. In 2022, higher revenue levels as compared to 2021 and a slight weakening in the timeliness of payments resulted in an increase in accounts receivable customers. A reserve is maintained at a level considered adequate to
 provide for losses that can be reasonably anticipated based on inactive accounts with outstanding balances. Management periodically evaluates the adequacy of the reserve based on past experience, agings of the receivables, adverse situations that
 may affect a customer s ability to pay, current economic conditions, and other relevant factors. During 2022, management s assessment included consideration of the COVID-19 pandemic along with past trends during times of economic instability and
 regulations from the PPUC regarding customer collections, including the aging of balances in payment agreements, and determined its allowance for doubtful accounts should remain elevated compared to historical norms. If the status of these factors
 deteriorates, the Company may incur additional expenses for uncollectible accounts and experience a reduction in its internally-generated funds.

Internally-generated Funds

The amount of internally-generated funds available for operations and construction depends on the Company s ability to obtain timely and adequate rate relief, changes
 in regulations, customers water usage, weather conditions, customer growth and controlled expenses. In 2022, the Company generated 22,018 internally as compared to 22,959 in 2021. The decrease from 2021 was primarily due to the increase in
 accounts receivable customers partially offset by higher net income and lower income taxes paid.

Common Stock

On April 5, 2022, the Company closed an underwritten public offering of 975,600 shares of its common stock, with an offering price of 41 per share. On April 7, 2022,
 the Company closed on the full exercise of the underwriter s option to purchase an additional 146,340 shares of its common stock at the same price. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC was the underwriter in the offering. The Company received net proceeds
 in the offering, after deducting offering expenses and underwriters discounts and commissions, of 43,970. The net proceeds were used to repay the Company s borrowings under its line of credit agreement incurred to fund capital expenditures and
 acquisitions, and for general corporate purposes.

Common stockholders equity as a percent of the total capitalization was 59.3 as of December 31, 2022, compared with 50.6 as of December 31, 2021. Based on the
 equity percentage falling to fifty percent, the Company completed the underwritten common stock offering, increasing equity as a percentage of total capitalization. The Company expects to use long-term debt for its future financing needs and allow
 the debt percentage to trend upward until it approaches fifty percent before considering additional equity. It is the Company s general intent to target equity between fifty and fifty-five percent of total capitalization.

Table of Contents 

Page 14 

The Company has the ability to issue approximately 4,000 of additional shares of its common stock or debt securities remaining under an effective
 shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 on file with the Securities and Exchange Commission subject to market conditions at the time of any such offering.

Credit Line

Historically, the Company has borrowed under its lines of credit before refinancing with long-term debt or equity capital. As of December 31, 2022, the Company
 maintained an unsecured line of credit in the amount of 50,000 at an interest rate of LIBOR plus 1.05 with an unused commitment fee and an interest rate floor which matures September 2024. The Company had 29,740 in outstanding borrowings under
 its line of credit as of December 31, 2022. The interest rate on line of credit borrowings as of December 31, 2022 was 5.17 . In the third quarter of 2022, the Company renewed its committed line of credit and extended the maturity date to
 September 2024. As part of the renewal, the interest rate changed from LIBOR plus 1.05 to a successor rate of the Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, plus 1.17 on January 1, 2023, in advance of the likely discontinuation of LIBOR in
 2023. No other terms or conditions of the line of credit agreement were modified. The Company expects to renew this line of credit as it matures under similar terms and conditions.

The Company has taken steps to manage the risk of reduced credit availability. It has established a committed line of credit with a 2-year revolving maturity that
 cannot be called on demand. There is no guarantee that the Company will be able to obtain sufficient lines of credit with favorable terms in the future. If the Company is unable to obtain sufficient lines of credit or to refinance its line of
 credit borrowings with long-term debt or equity, when necessary, it may have to eliminate or postpone capital expenditures. Management believes the Company will have adequate capacity under its current line of credit to meet financing needs
 throughout 2023.

Long-term Debt

The Company s loan agreements contain various covenants and restrictions. Management believes it is currently in compliance with all of these restrictions. See Note
 6 to the Company s financial statements included herein for additional information regarding these restrictions.

The 8.43 Senior Notes, Series D had a maturity date of December 18, 2022. The Company retired the 7,500 notes using funds available under its line of credit.

The Company s total long-term debt as a percentage of the total capitalization, defined as total common stockholders equity plus total long-term debt, was 40.7 as of
 December 31, 2022, compared with 49.4 as of December 31, 2021. Based on the debt percentage reaching fifty percent, the Company completed an underwritten common stock offering in April 2022 and repaid its line of credit, decreasing long-term debt
 as a percentage of total capitalization. The Company expects to use long-term debt for its future financing needs and allow the debt percentage to trend upward. A debt to total capitalization ratio between forty-five and fifty percent has
 historically been acceptable to the PPUC in rate filings. See Note 6 to the Company s financial statements included herein for the details of its long-term debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022.

The variable rate line of credit and the interest rate swap of the Company use the London Interbank Offering Rate LIBOR as a benchmark for establishing the rates. 
 The United Kingdom s Financial Conduct Authority (UK FCA), which regulates LIBOR, has previously announced that it intends to stop encouraging or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR rates after 2021. On January 4, 2022,
 the UK FCA announced that certain dollar-denominated LIBOR settings, including the 1-month setting used by the Company s variable line of credit and interest rate swap, would be calculated through June 30, 2023. This indicates that the continuation
 of LIBOR on the current basis is not guaranteed after that date and, based on the foregoing, it appears likely that LIBOR will be discontinued or modified. As part of the renewal of its line of credit in the third quarter of 2022, the agreement
 was amended to change the reference rate from LIBOR to SOFR on January 1, 2023. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the interest rate swap agreement was amended to change the reference rate from LIBOR to SOFR effective with the discontinuance of
 LIBOR. The margin for both agreements were established at the historical spread between LIBOR and SOFR to minimize the impact on the Company s financial position, results of operations and cash flows upon this change. The Company is not aware of
 any additional modifications that need to be made to existing agreements before the discontinuance of LIBOR.

Table of Contents 

Page 15 

Income Taxes, Deferred Income Taxes and Uncertain Tax Positions

Under the Internal Revenue Service TPR, the Company is permitted to deduct the costs of certain asset improvements that were previously being capitalized and
 depreciated for tax purposes as an expense on its income tax return. This ongoing deduction results in a reduction in the effective income tax rate, a net reduction in income tax expense, and a reduction in the amount of income taxes currently
 payable. It also results in increases to deferred tax liabilities and regulatory assets representing the appropriate book and tax basis difference on capital additions. The Company expects to continue to expense these asset improvements in the
 future.

The Company s effective tax rate will largely be determined by the level of eligible asset improvements expensed for tax purposes that would have been capitalized for
 tax purposes prior to the implementation of the TPR.

On July 8, 2022, the Pennsylvania budget for the fiscal year ending June 30, 2023 was signed into law. A provision within the tax code bill included with the budget
 provides for an annual phase-down of the Pennsylvania corporate net income tax rate of one percentage point in the first year beginning January 1, 2023 from 9.99 to 8.99 , and a one-half percentage point each year thereafter until it reaches 4.99 
 beginning January 1, 2031. The Company has remeasured the state portion of the Company s deferred income taxes. The effect, net of the federal benefit, of 3 was recognized in income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Deferred income taxes
 for differences that are recognized for ratemaking purposes on a cash or flow-through basis were remeasured with offsetting changes to regulatory assets and liabilities on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The Company expects any savings
 in its Pennsylvania current income taxes to be returned to its customers through the rate making process or as a future negative surcharge on their bills.

The Company has a substantial deferred income tax asset primarily due to the excess accumulated deferred income taxes on accelerated depreciation from the 2017 Tax Act
 and the differences between the book and tax balances of the customers advances for construction and contributions in aid of construction and deferred compensation plans. The Company does not believe a valuation allowance is required due to the
 expected generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible.

The Company has seen an increase in its deferred income tax liability amounts primarily as a result of the accelerated depreciation deduction available for federal tax
 purposes which creates differences between book and tax depreciation expense. The Company expects this trend to continue as it makes significant investments in capital expenditures subject to accelerated depreciation or TPR.

The Company has determined there are no uncertain tax positions that require recognition as of December 31, 2022. See Note 14 to the Company s financial statements
 included herein for additional details regarding income taxes.

Credit Rating

On August 9, 2022, Standard Poor s affirmed the Company s credit rating at A-, with a stable outlook and adequate liquidity. The Company s ability to maintain
 its credit rating depends, among other things, on adequate and timely rate relief, which it has been successful in obtaining, its ability to fund capital expenditures in a balanced manner using both debt and equity and its ability to generate cash
 flow. In 2023, the Company s objectives are to continue to maximize its funds provided by operations and maintain a strong capital structure in order to be able to attract capital.

Physical and Cyber Security

The Company maintains security measures at its facilities, and collaborates with federal, state, and local authorities, and industry trade associations
 regarding information on possible threats and security measures for water and wastewater utility operations. The costs incurred are expected to be recoverable in water and wastewater rates and are not expected to have a material impact on its
 business, financial condition, or results of operations.

Table of Contents 

Page 16 

The Company relies on information technology systems in connection with the operation of the business, especially with respect to customer service,
 billing, accounting, and in some cases, the monitoring and operation of treatment, storage, and pumping facilities. In addition, the Company relies on these systems to track utility assets and to manage maintenance and construction projects,
 materials and supplies, and human resource functions. The information technology systems may be vulnerable to damage or interruption from cyber security attacks or other cyber-related events, including, but not limited to, power loss, computer
 systems failures, internet, telecommunications or data network failures, physical and electronic loss of data, computer viruses, intentional security breaches, hacking, denial of service actions, misappropriation of data, and similar events. In
 some cases, administration of certain functions may be outsourced to third-party service providers that could also be targets of cyber security attacks. A loss of these systems, or major problems with the operation of these systems, could harm the
 business, financial condition, and results of operations of the Company through the loss or compromise of customer, financial, employee, or operational data, disruption of billing, collections or normal field service activities, disruption of
 electronic monitoring and control of operational systems, and delays in financial reporting and other normal management functions.

Possible impacts associated with a cyber security attack or other events may include remediation costs related to lost, stolen, or compromised data,
 repairs to data processing systems, increased cyber security protection costs, adverse effects on our compliance with regulatory and environmental laws and regulation, including standards for drinking water, litigation, and reputational damage.

The Company has implemented processes, procedures, and controls to prevent or limit the effect of these possible events and maintains insurance to help
 defray costs associated with cyber security attacks. The Company has not experienced a material impact on business or operations from these attacks. Although the Company does not believe its systems are at a materially greater risk of cyber
 security attacks than other similar organizations and despite the implementation of robust security measures, the Company cannot provide assurance that the insurance will fully cover the costs of a cyber security event, and its robust security
 measures do not guarantee that reputation and financial results will not be adversely affected by such an incident.

Environmental Matters

The Company was granted approval by the PPUC to modify its tariff to include the cost of the annual replacement of up to 400 lead customer-owned
 service lines over nine years from the agreement. The tariff modification allows the Company to replace customer-owned service lines at its own initial cost. The Company will record the costs as a regulatory asset to be recovered in future base
 rates to customers, over a four-year period. The cost for the customer-owned lead service line replacements was approximately 1,518 and 1,351 through December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and is included as a regulatory asset. Based on its
 experience, the Company estimates that lead customer-owned service lines replacements will cost 1,700. This estimate is subject to adjustment as more facts become available.

Dividends

During 2022, the Company s dividend payout ratios relative to net income and net cash provided by operating activities were 56.2 and 48.5 , respectively. During
 2021, the Company s dividend payout ratios relative to net income and net cash provided by operating activities were 58.3 and 42.7 , respectively. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Board of Directors increased the dividend by 4.00 from
 0.1949 per share to 0.2027 per share per quarter.

The Company s Board of Directors declared a dividend in the amount of 0.2027 per share at its February 2023 meeting. The dividend is payable on April 14, 2023 to
 shareholders of record as of February 28, 2023. While the Company expects to maintain this dividend amount in 2023, future dividends will be dependent upon the Company s earnings, financial condition, capital demands and other factors and will be
 determined by the Company s Board of Directors. See Note 6 to the Company s financial statements included herein for restrictions on dividend payments.

Table of Contents 

Page 17 

Inflation

The Company is affected by inflation, most notably by the continually increasing costs incurred to maintain and expand its service capacity. The cumulative effect of
 inflation results in significantly higher facility replacement costs which must be recovered from future cash flows. The ability of the Company to recover this increased investment in facilities is dependent upon future rate increases, which are
 subject to approval by the PPUC. The Company can provide no assurances that its rate increases will be approved by the PPUC; and, if approved, the Company cannot guarantee that these rate increases will be granted in a timely or sufficient manner
 to cover the investments and expenses for which the rate increase was sought.

Critical Accounting Estimates

The methods, estimates, and judgments the Company used in applying its accounting policies have a significant impact on the results reported in its financial
 statements. The Company s accounting policies require management to make subjective judgments because of the need to make estimates of matters that are inherently uncertain. The Company s most critical accounting estimates include: revenue
 recognition and accounting for its pension plans.

Revenue Recognition

Operating revenues include amounts billed to metered water and certain wastewater customers on a cycle basis and unbilled amounts based on both actual and estimated
 usage from the latest meter reading to the end of the accounting period. Estimates are based on average daily usage for those particular customers. The unbilled revenue amount is recorded as a current asset on the balance sheet. Actual results
 could differ from these estimates and would result in operating revenues being adjusted in the period in which the actual usage is known. Based on historical experience, the Company believes its estimate of unbilled revenues is reasonable.

Pension Accounting

Accounting for defined benefit pension plans requires estimates of future compensation increases, mortality, the discount rate, and expected return on plan assets as
 well as other variables. These variables are reviewed annually with the Company s pension actuary. The Company used compensation increases of 2.5 to 3.0 in 2021 and 2022.

The Company adopted a new mortality table in 2019, the Pri-2012, using the white collar table for the administrative and general plan and the blue collar table for the
 union plan. In 2021, the Company adopted the MP-2021 mortality improvement scale, which slightly increased the life expectancy of pension plan participants, resulting in a slight increase to the pension benefit obligation, and ultimately, a
 decrease in the Company s funded status of the plans.

The Company selected its December 31, 2022 and 2021 discount rates based on the FTSE Pension Liability Index. This index uses spot rates for durations out to 30 years
 and matches them to expected disbursements from the plan over the long term. The Company believes this index most appropriately matches its pension obligations. The present values of the Company s future pension obligations were determined using
 a discount rate of 5.00 at December 31, 2022 and 2.65 at December 31, 2021.

Adopting a new mortality table that represents a change in life expectancy and choosing a different discount rate normally changes the amount of pension expense and
 the corresponding liability. In the case of the Company, these items change its liability, but do not have an impact on its pension expense. The PPUC, in a previous rate settlement, agreed to grant recovery of the Company s contribution to the
 pension plans in customer rates. As a result, under the accounting standards regarding rate-regulated activities, expense in excess of the Company s pension plan contribution can be deferred as a regulatory asset and expensed as contributions are
 made to the plans and are recovered in customer rates. Therefore, these changes affect regulatory assets rather than pension expense.

Table of Contents 

Page 18 

The Company s estimate of the expected return on plan assets is primarily based on the historic returns and projected future returns of the asset classes represented
 in its plans. The target allocation of pension assets is 50 to 70 equity securities, 30 to 50 fixed income securities, and 0 to 10 cash reserves. The Company used 6.50 as its expected rate of return in 2021 and 2022. A decrease in the
 expected pension return would normally cause an increase in pension expense; however due to the aforementioned rate settlement, the Company s expense would continue to be equal to its contributions to the plans. The change would instead be
 recorded in regulatory assets.

Lower discount rates and underperformance of assets could cause future required contributions and expense to increase substantially. If this were to happen, the
 Company would have to consider changes to its pension plan benefits and possibly request additional recovery of expenses through increased rates charged to customers. See Note 11 to the Company s financial statements included herein for additional
 details regarding the pension plans.

Off-Balance Sheet Transactions

The Company does not use off-balance sheet transactions, arrangements or obligations that may have a material current or future effect on financial condition, results
 of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures, capital resources or significant components of revenues or expenses. The Company does not use securitization of receivables or unconsolidated entities. For risk management purposes, the Company uses
 a derivative financial instrument, an interest rate swap agreement discussed in Note 7 to the financial statements included herein. The Company does not engage in trading or other risk management activities, does not use other derivative financial
 instruments for any purpose, has no material lease obligations, no guarantees and does not have material transactions involving related parties.

Impact of Recent Accounting Pronouncements

There are currently no recent accounting pronouncements that are expected to have a material impact to the Company s financial statements.

Item 7A.

Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk.

Not applicable.

Item 8.

Financial Statements.

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 23 

20 

Balance Sheets

21 

Statements of Income

23 

Statements of Common Stockholders Equity

24 

Statements of Cash Flows

25 

Notes to Financial Statements

26 

Table of Contents 

Page 19 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of

The York Water Company

Opinion on the Financial Statements

We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of The York Water Company (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements of
 income, common stockholders equity, and cash flows for the years then ended and the related notes and financial statement schedule listed in Item 15(a)2 (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
 statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years then ended, in conformity with accounting principles
 generally accepted in the United States of America.

Basis for Opinion

The Company s management is responsible for these financial statements. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements
 based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities
 laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB.

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable
 assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As
 part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly,
 we express no such opinion.

Our audits of the financial statements included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due
 to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the
 accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion.

Critical Audit Matters

Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated
 to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit
 matters.

/s/ 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 2003.

March 7, 2023

Table of Contents 

Page 20 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Balance Sheets

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

Dec. 31, 2022 

Dec. 31, 2021 

ASSETS

UTILITY PLANT, at original cost

Plant acquisition adjustments

Accumulated depreciation

Net utility plant

OTHER PHYSICAL PROPERTY, net of accumulated depreciation

 of in 2022 and in 2021

CURRENT ASSETS:

Cash and cash equivalents

Accounts receivable, net of reserves of in 2022 
 and in 2021 

Unbilled revenues

Recoverable income taxes

Materials and supplies inventories, at cost

Prepaid expenses

Total current assets

OTHER LONG-TERM ASSETS:

Prepaid pension cost

Note receivable

Deferred regulatory assets

Other assets

Total other long-term assets

Total Assets

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

Table of Contents 

Page 21 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Balance Sheets

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

Dec. 31, 2022 

Dec. 31, 2021 

STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY AND LIABILITIES

COMMON STOCKHOLDERS EQUITY:

Common stock, 
 par value, authorized shares,

 issued and outstanding shares in 2022 

 and 
 shares in 2021 

Retained earnings

Total common stockholders equity

PREFERRED STOCK, authorized 
 shares, shares issued

LONG-TERM DEBT, excluding current portion

COMMITMENTS

CURRENT LIABILITIES:

Current portion of long-term debt

Accounts payable

Dividends payable

Accrued compensation and benefits

Accrued interest

Deferred regulatory liabilities

Other accrued expenses

Total current liabilities

DEFERRED CREDITS:

Customers advances for construction

Deferred income taxes

Deferred employee benefits

Deferred regulatory liabilities

Other deferred credits

Total deferred credits

Contributions in aid of construction

Total Stockholders Equity and Liabilities

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

Table of Contents 

Page 22 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Statements of Income

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

OPERATING REVENUES

OPERATING EXPENSES:

Operation and maintenance

Administrative and general

Depreciation and amortization

Taxes other than income taxes

Operating income

OTHER INCOME (EXPENSES):

Interest on debt

Allowance for funds used during construction

Other pension costs

Other income (expenses), net

Income before income taxes

Income taxes

Net Income

Basic Earnings Per Share

Diluted Earnings Per Share

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

Table of Contents 

Page 23 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Statements of Common Stockholders Equity

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

For the Years Ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021

Common 

 Stock

 Shares

Common 

 Stock

 Amount

Retained

 Earnings

Total

Balance, December 31, 2020

Net income

Cash dividends declared, per share

Issuance of common stock under

 dividend reinvestment, direct stock and

 employee stock purchase plans

Stock-based compensation

Balance, December 31, 2021

Net income

Cash dividends declared, per share

Issuance of common stock 

Issuance of common stock under

 dividend reinvestment, direct stock and

 employee stock purchase plans

Stock-based compensation

Balance, December 31, 2022

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

Table of Contents 

Page 24 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

Statements of Cash Flows

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

Year Ended December 31

2022

2021

CASH FLOWS FROM OPERATING ACTIVITIES:

Net income

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities:

Depreciation and amortization

Stock-based compensation

Increase in deferred income taxes

Other

Changes in assets and liabilities:

(Increase) decrease in accounts receivable and unbilled revenues

(Increase) decrease in recoverable income taxes

Increase in materials and supplies, prepaid expenses, prepaid pension cost, 

regulatory and other assets

Increase (decrease) in accounts payable, accrued compensation and benefits, accrued

 expenses, deferred employee benefits, regulatory liabilities, and other deferred credits

Increase in accrued interest

Net cash provided by operating activities

CASH FLOWS FROM INVESTING ACTIVITIES:

Utility plant additions, including debt portion of allowance for funds used during

 construction of 
 in 2022 and 
 in 2021 

Acquisitions of water and wastewater systems

Net cash used in investing activities

CASH FLOWS FROM FINANCING ACTIVITIES:

Customers advances for construction and contributions in aid of construction

Repayments of customer advances

Proceeds of long-term debt issues

Repayments of long-term debt

Changes in cash overdraft position

Issuance of common stock

Dividends paid

Net cash provided by financing activities

Net change in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of year 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of year 

Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information:

Cash paid during the year for:

Interest, net of amounts capitalized

Income taxes

Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities:

Accounts payable includes 
 in 2022 and 
 in 2021 for the construction of utility plant.

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these statements.

Table of Contents 

Page 25 

Notes to Financial Statements 

(In thousands of dollars, except per share amounts)

wastewater collection systems and wastewater collection and treatment systems. The Company operates within its franchised territory located in counties within south-central Pennsylvania and is subject to regulation by the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, or PPUC. 

and , respectively. For those amounts approved by the PPUC, the net acquisition adjustment is being amortized over the remaining life of the respective
 assets. Certain amounts are still awaiting approval from the PPUC before amortization will commence. Amortization amounted to for
 each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

years

Services, meters, and hydrants

years

Operations structures, reservoirs, and water tanks

years

Pumping and treatment equipment

years

Office, transportation, and operating equipment

years

Land and other non-depreciable assets

Utility plant in service

Construction work in progress

Total Utility Plant

Table of Contents 

Page 26 

in 2022 and in 2021, on average utility plant, net of customers advances and contributions. Larger depreciation provisions resulting from allowable accelerated
 methods are deducted for tax purposes.

restricted cash. 

Table of Contents 

Page 27 

Various

Unrealized swap losses

years

Utility plant retirement costs

years 

Customer-owned lead service line replacements

Various

Income taxes on customers advances for

construction and contributions in aid of

 construction

Various

Service life study expenses

years 

Rate case filing expenses

years 

Liabilities 

Excess accumulated deferred income

taxes on accelerated depreciation

Various

Postretirement benefits

Not yet known 

Income taxes

Various

IRS TPR catch-up deduction

years 

years.

period in rates, through depreciation expense.

lead customer-owned service lines whenever
 they are discovered, regardless of the material used for the company-owned service line over . The tariff modification allows
 the Company to replace customer-owned service lines at its own initial cost and record the costs as a regulatory asset to be recovered in future base rates to customers. The recovery period was established in the most recent rate order at beginning March 1, 2023. The recovery period for the customer-owned lead service line replacements completed subsequent to the most recent
 rate order will begin after the next rate order.

. Rate case filing expenses are deferred and amortized over their remaining life of .

Table of Contents 

Page 28 

to 
 years.

years beginning March 1, 2019.

Table of Contents 

Page 29 

in 2022 and in 2021. The overall swap result was a gain of in 2022 and in 2021. During the year ending
 December 31, 2023, the Company expects to reclassify (before tax) from regulatory assets to interest expense.

and , respectively.

years beginning March 1, 2019. The ongoing deduction results in a reduction in the effective income tax rate, a net reduction in income tax expense,
 and a reduction in the amount of income taxes currently payable. The catch-up deduction resulted in a decrease in current income taxes payable and an increase to regulatory liabilities. Both the ongoing and catch-up deductions resulted in increases
 to deferred tax liabilities and regulatory assets representing the appropriate book and tax basis difference on capital additions.

Table of Contents 

Page 30 

to , treats customers advances for
 construction and contributions in aid of construction as taxable income, eliminates certain deductions, and eliminates bonus depreciation on qualified water and wastewater property. This resulted in the remeasurement of the federal portion of the
 Company s deferred taxes as of December 31, 2017 to the rate. The effect was recognized in income for the year ended December 31,
 2017 for all deferred tax assets and liabilities except accelerated depreciation. Under normalization rules applicable to public utility property included in the 2017 Tax Act, the excess accumulated deferred income taxes on accelerated depreciation
 is recorded as a regulatory liability. The regulatory liability is a temporary difference, so a deferred tax asset is recorded including the gross-up of revenue necessary to return, in rates, the effect of the temporary difference. In November
 2021, the 2021 Infrastructure Act repealed the tax treatment of customers advances for construction and contributions in aid of construction made after December 31, 2020.

was applied for 2022
 and 2021. AFUDC is recovered through water and wastewater rates as utility plant is depreciated.

wastewater customers with purchase price and acquisition costs of approximately which is more than the depreciated original cost of the assets. The Company recorded an acquisition adjustment of and will seek approval from the PPUC to expense the acquisition adjustment. This acquisition is immaterial to Company results. 

water and wastewater customers with purchase price and acquisition costs of approximately , which is less than the depreciated original cost of the assets. The Company recorded a negative acquisition adjustment of and will seek approval from the PPUC to amortize the acquisition adjustment over the remaining life of the acquired assets. This acquisition is immaterial to Company
 results.

water and wastewater customers with purchase price and acquisition costs of approximately , which is less than the depreciated original cost of the assets. The Company recorded a negative acquisition adjustment of and will seek approval from the PPUC to amortize the acquisition adjustment over the remaining life of the acquired assets. This acquisition is
 immaterial to Company results.

Table of Contents 

Page 31 

water customers with purchase price and acquisition costs of approximately , which is less than the depreciated original cost of the assets. The Company recorded a negative acquisition adjustment of and will seek approval from the PPUC to amortize the acquisition adjustment over the remaining life of the acquired assets. These customers were previously served by the
 Company through a single customer connection to the park. This acquisition is immaterial to Company results.

water customers with purchase price and acquisition costs of approximately , which is more than the depreciated original cost of the assets. The Company recorded an acquisition adjustment of and will seek approval from the PPUC to amortize the acquisition adjustment over the remaining life of the acquired assets. This acquisition is immaterial to Company
 results.

wastewater customers with purchase price and acquisition costs of approximately . The wastewater customers of the Albright Trailer Park were previously served by SYC WWTP, L.P. through a single customer connection to the park.

Other receivables

Less: allowance for doubtful accounts

Accounts receivable, net

Unbilled revenue

Table of Contents 

Page 32 

in 2022 and in 2021. The interest rate on the note outstanding is .

Customers advances for construction

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

and for the years ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively, is used to calculate both basic and diluted earnings per share. Basic net income per share is based on the
 weighted average number of common shares outstanding. Diluted net income per share is based on the weighted average number of common shares outstanding plus potentially dilutive shares. The dilutive effect of employee stock-based compensation is
 included in the computation of diluted net income per share. The dilutive effect of stock-based compensation is calculated using the treasury stock method and expected proceeds upon exercise or issuance of the stock-based compensation.

Effect of dilutive securities:

Employee stock-based compensation

Weighted average common shares, diluted

of gross compensation. The purchase price is of the fair market value (as defined). Shares issued during 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. As of
 December 31, 2022, 
 authorized shares remain unissued under the plan.

Table of Contents 

Page 33 

shares authorized under the 2019 Form S-3, for issuance under the new Prospectus for the Plan. Under the optional dividend reinvestment portion of the Plan, holders of the Company s
 common stock may purchase additional shares instead of receiving cash dividends. The purchase price is of the fair market value (as
 defined). Under the direct stock purchase portion of the Plan, purchases are made monthly at of the stock s fair market value, as
 defined in the new Prospectus. The Registration Statement was declared effective by the SEC on November 17, 2022. Shares issued during 2022
 and 2021 were and
 , respectively. As of December 31, 2022,
 authorized shares remain unissued under the Plan.

shares of its common stock, with an offering price of per
 share. On April 7, 2022, the Company closed on the full exercise of the underwriter s option to purchase an additional shares
 of its common stock at the same price. Janney Montgomery Scott LLC was the underwriter in the offering. The Company received net proceeds in the offering, after deducting offering expenses and underwriters discounts and commissions, of . The net proceeds were used to repay the Company s borrowings under its line of credit agreement incurred to fund capital expenditures and
 acquisitions, and for general corporate purposes.

shares of the Company s common stock from time to time. The stock repurchase program has no specific end date and the Company may repurchase
 shares in the open market or through privately negotiated transactions. The Company may suspend or discontinue the repurchase program at any time. During both 2022 and 2021, the Company did t repurchase or retire any shares. As of December 31, 2022,
 shares remain available for repurchase.

Senior Notes, Series D, due 2022

Variable Rate Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority

 Exempt Facilities Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series 2008A, due 2029

Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority Exempt

 Facilities Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series A of 2019, due 2036

Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority Exempt

 Facilities Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series B of 2019, due 2038

Senior Notes, due 2040

- York County Industrial Development Authority Exempt

 Facilities Revenue Bonds, Series 2015, due 2029 - 2045

Senior Notes, due 2049

Senior Notes, due 2050

Committed Line of Credit, due 2024

Total long-term debt

Less discount on issuance of long-term debt

Less unamortized debt issuance costs

Less current maturities

Long-term portion

Table of Contents 

Page 34 

on the variable rate bonds (due
 2029) which would only be payable if all bonds were tendered and could not be remarketed, or in the event the Company was unable to, or chose not to, renew the letter of credit backing the bonds. There is currently no such indication of this
 happening.

Senior Notes, Series D had a
 maturity date of . The Company retired the notes using funds available under its line of credit.

aggregate principal amount of PEDFA Exempt Facilities Revenue Refunding Bonds, Series A of 2008 (the Series A Bonds for the Company s benefit pursuant to the terms of a trust indenture, dated as of May 1, 2008, between the PEDFA and Manufacturers
 and Traders Trust Company, as trustee. The PEDFA then loaned the proceeds of the offering of the Series A Bonds to the Company pursuant to a loan agreement, dated as of May 1, 2008, between the Company and the PEDFA. The loan agreement provides for
 a loan with a maturity date of . Amounts outstanding under the loan agreement are the Company s direct general obligations. The proceeds of the loan were used to redeem the PEDFA Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds, Series B of 2004 (the 2004 Series B
 Bonds ). The 2004 Series B Bonds were redeemed because the bonds were tendered and could not be remarketed due to the downgrade of the bond insurer s credit rating.

in 2022 and in 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the interest rate was and , respectively.

Series A Bonds
 may tender their bonds at any time. When the bonds are tendered, they are subject to an annual remarketing agreement, pursuant to which a remarketing agent attempts to remarket the tendered bonds according to the terms of the indenture. In order to
 keep variable interest rates down and to enhance the marketability of the Series A Bonds, the Company entered into a Reimbursement, Credit and Security Agreement with PNC Bank, National Association the Bank dated as of May 1, 2008. This
 agreement provides for a direct pay letter of credit issued by the Bank to the trustee for the Series A Bonds. The Bank is responsible for providing the trustee with funds for the timely payment of the principal and interest on the Series A Bonds
 and for the purchase price of the Series A Bonds that have been tendered or deemed tendered for purchase and have not been remarketed. The Company s responsibility is to reimburse the Bank the same day as regular interest payments are made, and
 within for the purchase price of tendered bonds that have not been remarketed. The reimbursement period for the principal
 is immediate at maturity, upon default by the Company, or if the Bank does not renew the Letter of Credit. The current expiration date of the Letter of Credit is June 30, 2024. It is reviewed annually for a potential extension of the expiration
 date.

Table of Contents 

Page 35 

. The Company elected to retain the swap agreement for the 2008 Series A Bonds. Interest rate swap
 agreements derive their value from underlying interest rates. These transactions involve both credit and market risk. The notional amounts are amounts on which calculations, payments, and the value of the derivative are based. Notional amounts do
 not represent direct credit exposure. Direct credit exposure is limited to the net difference between the calculated amounts to be received and paid, if any. Such difference, which represents the fair value of the swap, is reflected on the
 Company s balance sheets. See Note 7 for additional information regarding the fair value of the swap.

.

on the notional amount of . In exchange, the
 counterparty pays the Company a floating interest rate (based on of the U.S. Dollar LIBOR rate) on the notional amount. In the fourth quarter of 2022, the Company amended the interest rate swap agreement and changed the floating interest rate to of the daily simple Secured Overnight Financing Rate, or SOFR, plus a spread adjustment of basis points commencing upon the discontinuance of LIBOR in 2023. No other
 terms or conditions of the interest rate swap agreement were modified. The floating interest rate paid to the Company is intended, over the term of the swap, to approximate the variable interest rate on the loan agreement and the interest
 rate paid to bondholders, thereby managing its exposure to fluctuations in prevailing interest rates. The Company s net payment rate on the swap averaged 
 in 2022 and in 2021.

basis points between the variable rate paid to bondholders and the variable rate received from the swap counterparty, which
 equated to an overall effective rate of (including variable interest and swap payments). As of December 31, 2021, there was a spread of basis
 points which equated to an overall effective rate of (including variable interest and swap payments).

unsecured,
 committed line of credit at an interest rate of LIBOR plus with an unused commitment fee and an interest rate floor. In the third quarter of 2022, the Company renewed its committed line
 of credit and extended the maturity date to September 2024. As part of the renewal, the interest rate changed from LIBOR plus to a successor rate of SOFR plus 
 on January 1, 2023, in advance of the
 likely discontinuation of LIBOR in 2023. No other terms or conditions of the line of credit agreement were modified. Average
 borrowings outstanding under the lines of credit were in 2022 and in 2021. The average cost of borrowings under the lines of credit was 
 during 2022 and 
 during 2021. The weighted average interest rate on the line of credit borrowings was as of December 31, 2022 and as of December 31, 2021. 

Table of Contents 

Page 36 

and under its line of credit and incurred a cash overdraft of 
 and , which was recorded in accounts payable, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

of its utility plant, and cumulative payments for dividends and acquisition of stock since December 31, 1982 may not exceed plus net income since that date. As of December 31, 2022,
 none of the earnings retained in the business are restricted under these provisions. The Company s debt is unsecured.

-year debt on utilities rated A- as of December 31, 2022. 
 The use of the Company s credit quality resulted in a reduction in the swap liability of as of December 31, 2022. The fair value of the swap reflecting the Company s credit quality as of December 31, 2021 is shown in the table below.

Table of Contents 

Page 37 

at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021, had an estimated fair value of approximately and , respectively. The estimated fair value of debt was calculated using a discounted cash flow technique that incorporates a market interest yield
 curve with adjustments for duration and risk profile. These inputs to this calculation are deemed to be Level 2 inputs. The Company recognized its credit rating in determining the yield curve and did not factor in third party credit enhancements
 including the letter of credit on the 2008 PEDFA Series A issue.

and , respectively. At December 31, 2021, customers advances for construction
 and note receivable had carrying values of and , respectively. The relative fair values of these amounts cannot be accurately estimated since the timing of future payment streams is dependent upon several factors, including new
 customer connections, customer consumption levels and future rate increases.

and , respectively, exclusive of any acquisitions not yet approved. The Company plans to finance ongoing capital expenditures with internally-generated
 funds, borrowings against the Company s line of credit, proceeds from the issuance of common stock under its dividend reinvestment and direct stock purchase and sale plan and ESPP, potential common stock or debt issues and customer advances and
 contributions.

to armor and replace the spillway of the Lake Williams dam, of
 which remains to be incurred as of December 31, 2022. The Company may make additional commitments for this project in the
 future.

lead customer-owned service lines over from the agreement. 
 The tariff modification allows the Company to replace customer-owned service lines at its own initial cost. The Company will record the costs as a regulatory asset to be recovered in future base rates to customers, over a period. The cost for the customer-owned lead service line replacements was approximately and through December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, and
 is included as a regulatory asset. Based on its experience, the Company estimates that lead customer-owned service lines replacements will cost . 

This estimate is subject to adjustment as more facts become available. 

of the Company s full-time employees are under union contract. The current contract was ratified
 in October 2020 and expires on April 30, 2023. Management is currently preparing for negotiations with the union leadership. The Company expects to reach an operationally and fiscally responsible agreement with no interruption of service.

Table of Contents 

Page 38 

Commercial and industrial

Fire protection

Wastewater utility service:

Residential

Commercial and industrial

Billing and revenue collection services

Collection services

Other revenue

Total Revenue from Contracts with Customers

Rents from regulated property

Total Operating Revenue

. The utility service has no returns or warranties
 associated with it. No revenue is recognized from performance obligations satisfied in prior periods and no performance obligations remain unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period. A contract asset for unbilled revenue is recognized for
 the passage of time and the actual or estimated usage from the latest meter reading to the end of the accounting period. The methodology is standardized and consistently applied to reduce bias and the need for judgment.

municipalities within the service territory of the Company. The municipalities provide service to their residents and the Company acts as the billing and revenue collection agent for the
 municipalities. The transaction price is a fixed amount per bill prepared as established in the contract. There is no variable consideration. Due to the fact that both the billing performance obligation and the revenue collection performance
 obligation are materially complete by the end of the reporting period, the Company does not allocate the transaction price between the two performance obligations. The performance obligations are satisfied at a point in time when the bills are sent
 as the municipalities receive all the benefits and bears all of the risk of non-collection at that time. Each municipality is invoiced when the bills are complete and the invoice is due within . The billing and revenue collection service has no returns or warranties associated with it. No revenue is recognized from performance obligations satisfied in prior periods and
 no performance obligations remain unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period.

Table of Contents 

Page 39 

. The collection service has no
 returns or warranties associated with it. No revenue is recognized from performance obligations satisfied in prior periods and no performance obligations remain unsatisfied as of the end of the reporting period. A contract asset for unbilled
 revenue is recognized for postings, shut offs, and restorations that have been completed from the last billing to the end of the accounting period.

and an annual
 increase in wastewater rates of . Effective March 1, 2023, the PPUC authorized an increase in water rates designed to produce
 approximately in additional annual revenues and an increase in wastewater rates designed to produce approximately in additional annual revenues.

of base rates, and is reset to when new base rates that reflect the costs of those additions become effective or when a utility s earnings exceed a regulatory benchmark. The DSIC reset to when the new base rates took effect March 1, 2023. The DSIC provided revenues of in 2022 and in 2021. The DSIC is subject to audit by the PPUC. 

Table of Contents 

Page 40 

years. The Company s
 funding policy is to contribute annually the amount permitted by the PPUC to be collected from customers in rates, but in no case less than the minimum Employee Retirement Income Security Act (ERISA) required contribution.

Service cost

Interest cost

Actuarial gain 

Benefit payments

Pension benefit obligation end of year

Change in Plan Assets

Fair value of plan assets beginning of year

Actual return on plan assets

Employer contributions

Benefits paid

Fair value of plan assets end of year

Funded Status of Plans at End of Year

basis point increase in the discount rate. In 2021, the plans recognized a significant actuarial gain. The Company adopted the new mortality improvement scale (MP-2021) and recognized
 a basis point increase in the discount rate. The Company uses the corridor method to amortize actuarial gains and losses. Gains
 and losses over of the greater of pension benefit obligation or the market value of assets are amortized over the average future
 service of plan participants expected to receive benefits.

Table of Contents 

Page 41 

Recognized net actuarial loss

Recognized prior service credit

Total changes in regulatory asset during the year

Prior service credit

Regulatory asset

Interest cost

Expected return on plan assets

Amortization of loss

Amortization of prior service credit

Rate-regulated adjustment

Net periodic benefit cost

.

Net prior service credit

to
 the plans in 2023.

Table of Contents 

Page 42 

Fair value of plan assets

Fair value of plan assets

Rate of compensation increase

Expected long-term return on plan assets

Rate of compensation increase

to equity securities and to fixed income securities). 
 Analysis of the historic returns of these asset classes and projections of expected future returns were considered in setting the long-term rate of return.

to equity securities, to fixed income securities, and to reserves (cash and cash
 equivalents). Within the equity category, the Company s target allocation is approximately - large cap, - mid cap, - small cap, - International Developed Nations, and - International Emerging Nations. Within the fixed income category, its target allocation is approximately - U.S. Treasuries, - Federal Agency securities, - corporate bonds, - mortgage-backed securities, - international, and - high yield bonds. The Company s
 investment performance objectives over a three to period are to exceed the annual rate of inflation as measured by the Consumer Price Index by , and to exceed the annualized total return of specified benchmarks applicable to the funds within the asset categories.

of the portfolio; (2) a minimum of individual stocks must be included in
 the domestic stock portfolio; (3) a minimum of individual stocks must be included in the international stock portfolio; (4) equity
 holdings in any one industry cannot exceed - 
 of the portfolio; and (5) only U.S.-denominated currency securities are permitted.

of the portfolio; (2) acceptable investments include money market securities, U.S. Government and its agencies and sponsored entities securities,
 mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, corporate securities and mutual funds offering high yield bond portfolios; (3) purchases must be limited to investment grade or higher; (4) non-U.S. dollar denominated securities are not permissible; and
 (5) high risk derivatives are prohibited.

Table of Contents 

Page 43 

Equity Securities: 

Common Equity Securities (b)

Equity Mutual Funds (c)

Fixed Income Securities: 

U.S. Treasury Obligations

Corporate and Foreign Bonds (d)

Fixed Income Mutual Funds (e)

Total Plan Assets

of distributions in immediately available funds. The Company was more heavily-weighted in cash as of December 31, 2022 due to the
 timing of employer contributions and market volatility. 

of compensation and Company matching contributions of of the participant s contribution, up to a maximum annual Company contribution of for each employee.

of compensation and Company matching contributions of 
 of the participant s contribution, up to a maximum of of the employee s compensation. In addition, the Company will make an annual
 contribution of to each employee s account whether or not they defer their own compensation. Employees eligible for this enhanced
 401(k) plan feature are not eligible for the defined benefit plans. As of December 31, 2022, employees were participating in the enhanced feature of the plan. The Company s contributions to both portions of the plan amounted to in 2022 and in 2021.

Table of Contents 

Page 44 

and , respectively. The
 insurance policies included in Other assets had a total cash value of approximately and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company s net (income) expenses under the plans amounted to ) in 2022 and in 2021.

upon the retiree s death. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the present value of the future obligations was approximately and , respectively. There is no trust or insurance covering this future
 liability, instead the Company will pay these benefits out of its general assets. The Company s net income under the plan amounted to 
 in 2022 and in 2021.

shares of common stock may be issued under the
 LTIP over the life of the plan. The maximum number of shares of common stock subject to awards that may be granted to any
 participant in any one calendar year is . Shares of common stock issued under the LTIP may be treasury shares or authorized but
 unissued shares. The LTIP is administered by the Compensation Committee of the Board, or the full Board, provided that the full Board administers the LTIP as it relates to awards to non-employee directors of the Company. The Company filed a
 registration statement with the SEC on May 11, 2016 covering the offering of stock under the LTIP. The LTIP was effective on July 1, 2016.

beginning May 7, 2018 and has been fully recognized as of
 December 31, 2021. 

beginning May 6, 2019 and has been fully recognized as of December 31, 2022.

beginning September 18, 2020. 

beginning May 3, 2021. 

beginning May 2, 2022.

Table of Contents 

Page 45 

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Nonvested at end of the year 2021

Granted

Vested

Forfeited

Nonvested at the end of the year 2022

and of stock - based compensation and related
 recognized tax benefits of and ,
 respectively. The total fair value of the shares vested in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. Total stock - based compensation related to
 nonvested awards not yet recognized is at December 31, 2022 which will be recognized over the remaining vesting period.

Property

Payroll, net of amounts capitalized

Other

Total taxes other than income taxes

State current

Federal deferred

State deferred

Federal investment tax credit, net of current utilization

Total income taxes

Table of Contents 

Page 46 

State income taxes, net of Federal benefit

IRS TPR deduction

Tax-exempt interest

Amortization of investment tax credit

Cash value of life insurance

Amortization of excess accumulated deferred income taxes

 on accelerated depreciation

Change in enacted state tax rate 

Other, net

Total income taxes

were deferred as a regulatory liability. After receiving approval from the PPUC in a rate order, the Company began to recognize the catch-up deduction, recorded as a regulatory liability, over beginning March 1, 2019. As a result, the Company recognized 
 in income taxes during each of the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. As a result of the ongoing deduction, the net income tax benefits of 
 and for the years ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021, respectively, reduced income tax expense and flowed through to net income. The ongoing deduction results in a reduction in
 the effective income tax rate, a net reduction in income tax expense, and a reduction in the amount of income taxes currently payable. Both the ongoing and catch-up deductions result in increases to deferred tax liabilities and regulatory assets
 representing the appropriate book and tax basis difference on capital additions.

to , treats customers advances
 for construction and contributions in aid of construction as taxable income, eliminates certain deductions, and eliminates bonus depreciation on qualified water and wastewater property. This resulted in the remeasurement of the federal portion of
 the Company s deferred taxes as of December 31, 2017 to the 21 rate. The effect was recognized in income for the year ended December 31, 2017 for all deferred tax assets and liabilities except accelerated depreciation. Under normalization rules
 applicable to public utility property included in the 2017 Tax Act, the excess accumulated deferred income taxes on accelerated depreciation is recorded as a regulatory liability. The regulatory liability is a temporary difference, so a deferred tax
 asset is recorded including the gross-up of revenue necessary to return, in rates, the effect of the temporary difference. The Company is recognizing the excess accumulated deferred income taxes on accelerated depreciation, recorded as a regulatory
 liability, over the remaining useful life of the underlying assets. As a result, the Company recognized and in income taxes for the years ended December 31, 2022
 and 2021. In November 2021, the 2021 Infrastructure Act repealed the tax treatment of customers advances for construction and
 contributions in aid of construction made after December 31, 2020.

was recognized in income for the year ended December 31, 2022. Deferred income taxes for differences that are recognized for ratemaking purposes on a
 cash or flow-through basis were remeasured with offsetting changes to regulatory assets and liabilities on the balance sheet as of December 31, 2022. The Company expects any savings in its Pennsylvania current income taxes to be returned to its
 customers through the rate making process or as a future negative surcharge on their bills.

Table of Contents 

Page 47 

Compensated absences

Deferred compensation

Excess accumulated deferred income taxes on accelerated depreciation

Deferred taxes associated with the gross-up of revenues necessary to

 return, in rates, the effect of temporary differences

Customers advances for construction and contributions in aid of

 construction

Tax effect of pension regulatory liability

Tax loss carryover

Contribution carryover

Other costs deducted for book, not for tax

Total deferred tax assets

Deferred tax liabilities:

Accelerated depreciation

Basis differences from IRS TPR

Investment tax credit

Deferred taxes associated with the gross-up of revenues necessary to

 recover, in rates, the effect of temporary differences

Pensions

Unamortized debt issuance costs

Other costs deducted for tax, not for book

Total deferred tax liabilities

Net deferred tax liability

. This carryforward has an indefinite life. The Company has a Pennsylvania tax loss carryover of . If not used, this carryover will expire in 2042 . The Company has
 contribution carryovers of . If not used, these carryovers will expire in 2026 and 2027 .

valuation allowance was required
 for deferred tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. In assessing the value of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of
 deferred tax assets is dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which those temporary differences become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax liabilities, projected future
 taxable income, and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. Based upon expected future taxable income and the current regulatory environment, management believes it is more likely than not that the Company will realize the benefits of
 these deductible differences.

Table of Contents 

Page 48 

uncertain tax positions meeting the recognition and measurement test of the accounting standards recorded in the years that remain open for review by taxing authorities, which are 2019 through 2021 for both federal and state income tax returns. 
 The Company has not yet filed tax returns for 2022. The Company believes that it has fully complied with any changes pursuant to the
 2017 Tax Act and the 2021 Infrastructure Act and has t taken any new positions in its 2022 income tax provision.

interest or penalties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021.

aggregate principal amount of the Company s senior notes. The senior notes bear interest at
 per annum payable semiannually and mature on . The senior notes are unsecured and unsubordinated obligations of the Company. The Company received net proceeds, after deducting issuance costs, of approximately . The net proceeds were used to refinance line of credit borrowings incurred by the Company as interim financing for various capital projects of
 the Company.

Item 9.

Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure.

None.

Item 9A.

Controls and Procedures.

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures

The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of the
 Company s disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based upon this evaluation, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer along with the Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s
 disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the period covered by this report are effective such that the information required to be disclosed by the Company in reports filed under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (i) recorded,
 processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (ii) accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including the President and Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as
 appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding disclosure. A controls system cannot provide absolute assurance, however, that the objectives of the controls system are met, and no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that all
 control issues and instances of fraud, if any, within a company have been detected.

No change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting occurred during the Company s most recent fiscal quarter that has materially affected, or is
 reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s internal control over financial reporting.

Table of Contents 

Page 49 

Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting

Management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f)
 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. Internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
 purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately
 and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted
 accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of
 unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements.

Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of
 effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate.

Management evaluated the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set
 forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013 framework) . As a result
 of this assessment and based on the criteria in the COSO framework, management has concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective.

Item 9B.

Other Information.

None.

Item 9C.

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections.

None.

PART III

Item 10.

Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance.

Directors of the Registrant

The information set forth under the caption Election of Directors of the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

Executive Officers of the Registrant

The information set forth under the caption Executive Officers of the Company of the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

Code of Ethics

The information set forth under the caption Code of Ethics of the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

Table of Contents 

Page 50 

Audit Committee

The information set forth under the caption Board Committees and Functions of the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 11.

Executive Compensation. 

The information set forth under the caption Compensation of Directors and Executive Officers of the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 12.

Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters.

Securities Authorized for Issuance under Equity Compensation Plans 

The following table provides information for the equity compensation plan of the Company as of December 31, 2022:

Plan Category

Number of 

 securities to be 

 issued upon exercise 

 of outstanding

 options, warrants 

 and rights

Weighted-average 

 exercise price of 

 outstanding 

 options, warrants 

 and rights

Number of securities 

 remaining available for 

 future issuance under 

 equity compensation 

 plans (excluding 

 securities reflected in 

 column (a))

(a)

(b)

(c)

Equity compensation plans

 approved by security holders 

-

-

67,600 

Equity compensation plans not

 approved by security holders

-

-

0

Amounts are subject to adjustment to reflect stock dividends, stock splits, or other relevant changes in capitalization.

In addition, the Company has an employee stock purchase plan that allows employees to purchase stock at a 5 discount up to a maximum of 10 of their gross
 compensation. Under this plan, 49,643 authorized shares remain unissued as of December 31, 2022.

The information set forth under the caption Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management of the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by
 reference.

Item 13.

Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence.

The information set forth under the caption Director Independence of the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

Item 14.

Principal Accounting Fees and Services.

The information set forth under the caption Principal Accountant s Fees and Services of the 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference.

Table of Contents 

Page 51 

PART IV

Item 15.

Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules.

(a)

Certain documents filed as part of the Form 10-K.

1.

The financial statements set forth under Item 8 of this Form 10-K.

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021

Statements of Income for Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Statements of Common Stockholders Equity for Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Statements of Cash Flows for Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

Notes to Financial Statements

2.

Financial Statement schedules.

Schedule

Schedule

Page

Number 

Description 

Number 

II

Valuation and Qualifying Accounts

57 

for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021

The report of the Company s independent registered public accounting firm with respect to the financial statement schedule appears on page 20 .

All other financial statements and schedules not listed have been omitted since the required information is included in the financial statements or the
 notes thereto, or is not applicable or required.

3.

Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K.

Exhibit

 Number 

Exhibit

 Description 

Page Number of

 Incorporation

 By Reference 

3 

Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K dated May 4, 2010. 

3.1 

Amended and Restated By-Laws 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K dated January 26,
 2012. 

Table of Contents 

Page 52 

Exhibit

 Number 

Exhibit

 Description 

Page Number of

 Incorporation

 By Reference 

4.1 

Dividend Reinvestment and Direct Stock Purchase and Sale Plan 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-3 dated November 7, 2022 (File No. 333-268204). 

4.2 

Description of The York Water Company Securities Registered Under Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 4.4 to the Company s 2019 Form 10-K. 

10.1

Articles of Agreement Between The York Water Company and Springettsbury Township relative to Extension of Water Mains dated April 17, 1985

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s 1989 Form 10-K.

10.2

Note Agreement relative to the 7,500,000 8.43 Senior Notes, Series D dated December 15, 1992

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 4.7 to the Company s 1992 Form 10-K.

10.3 

Variable Rate Loan Agreement between The York Water Company and Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority, dated as of May 1, 2008 relative to the 12,000,000 Exempt Facilities Revenue Bonds 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s May 12, 2008 Form 8-K. 

10.4 

Trust Indenture dated as of May 1, 2008 between Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as trustee 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s September 15, 2009 Form 8-K. 

10.5 

Reimbursement, Credit and Security Agreement, dated as of May 1, 2008 between The York Water Company and PNC Bank, National Association 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s May 12, 2008 Form 8-K. 

10. 6 

Loan Agreement between The York Water Company and York County Industrial Development Authority, entered into July 23, 2015 and dated as of July 1, 2015 relative to the 10,000,000 4.00 - 4.50 Exempt Facilities
 Revenue Bonds. 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s July 24, 2015 Form 8-K. 

10. 7 

Trust Indenture entered into July 23, 2015 and dated as of July 1, 2015 between York County Industrial Development Authority and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as trustee 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s July 24, 2015 Form 8-K. 

Table of Contents 

Page 53 

Exhibit

 Number 

Exhibit

 Description 

Page Number of

 Incorporation

 By Reference 

10.8 

Cash
 Incentive Plan 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s January 28, 2005 Form 8-K. 

10.9 

Form of Amended and Restated Change in Control Agreement originally effective as of August 1, 2022 between The York Water Company and each of the individuals listed on a schedule attached thereto, which plans are
 identical in all material respects except as indicated in Schedule 10.1 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s August 4, 2022 Form 10-Q. 

10.10 

Form of Amended and Restated Supplemental Retirement Plan originally effective as of January 1, 2009 between The York Water Company and each of the individuals listed on a schedule attached thereto, which plans are
 identical in all material respects except as indicated in Schedule 10.11 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company s March 8, 2022 Form 10-K. 

10.11 

Form of Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan originally effective as of July 1, 2015 between The York Water Company and each of the individuals listed on a schedule attached thereto, which plans are identical
 in all material respects except as indicated in Schedule 10.18 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.18 to the Company s March 10, 2020 Form 10-K. 

10.12 

Form of Amended and Restated Deferred Compensation Plan originally effective as of January 1, 2016 between The York Water Company and each of the individuals listed on a schedule attached thereto, which plans are
 identical in all material respects except as indicated in Schedule 10.13 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.13 to the Company s March 8, 2022 Form 10-K. 

10.13 

Long-Term Incentive Plan 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission on Form S-8 dated May 11, 2016 (File No. 333-211287). 

10.14 

Employee Stock Purchase Plan 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.21 to the Company s March 7, 2017 Form 10-K. 

10.15 

Note Agreement relative to the 20,000,000 4.54 Senior Notes, dated January 31, 2019 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s February 5, 2019 Form 8-K. 

Table of Contents 

Page 54 

Exhibit

 Number 

Exhibit

 Description 

Page Number of

 Incorporation

 By Reference 

10.16 

Note Agreement relative to the 15,000,000 3.23 Senior Notes, dated October 1, 2019 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s October 2, 2019 Form 8-K . 

10.17 

Loan Agreement between The York Water Company and Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority entered into October 8, 2019 and dated as of September 1, 2019 relative to the 25,370,000 3.00 - 3.10 Exempt
 Facilities Revenue Refunding Bonds. 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s October 9, 2019 Form 8-K. 

10.18 

Trust Indenture entered into October 8, 2019 and dated as of September 1, 2019 between Pennsylvania Economic Development Financing Authority and Manufacturers and Traders Trust Company, as trustee. 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s October 9, 2019 Form 8-K. 

10.19 

Note Agreement relative to the 30,000,000 3.24 Senior Notes, dated September 30, 2020 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s October 2, 2020 Form 8-K. 

10.20 

Note Agreement relative to the 40,000,000 5.50 Senior Notes, dated February 24, 2023 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s February
 27, 2023 Form 8-K. 

14 

Company Code of Conduct 

Incorporated herein by reference. Filed previously with the Securities and Exchange Commission as Exhibit 14 to the Company s August 6, 2014 Form 10-Q. 

23 

Consent of Baker Tilly US, LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

Filed herewith.

31.1 

Certification pursuant to

 Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)

Filed herewith.

31.2 

Certification pursuant to

 Rule 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)

Filed herewith.

32.1 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Filed herewith.

32.2 

Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002

Filed herewith.

Table of Contents 

Page 55 

Exhibit

 Number 

Exhibit

 Description 

Page Number of

 Incorporation

 By Reference 

101.INS

Inline XBRL Instance Document (the instance document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL
 document)

Filed herewith.

101.SCH

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema

Filed herewith.

101.CAL

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase

Filed herewith.

101.DEF

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase

Filed herewith.

101.LAB

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase

Filed herewith.

101.PRE

Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase

Filed herewith.

104

Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101)

Filed herewith.

Management contracts and compensatory plans or arrangements required to be filed as exhibits pursuant

to Item 15(a)(3) of this Annual Report.

Item 16.

Form 10-K Summary.

None.

Table of Contents 

Page 56 

FOR THE YEAR ENDED

 DECEMBER 31, 2021

Reserve for

 uncollectible accounts

Table of Contents 

Page 57 

SIGNATURES

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
 the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized.

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

(Registrant)

Dated: March 6, 2023 

By: /s/ Joseph T. Hand 

Joseph T. Hand

President and CEO

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the
 capacities and on the dates indicated.

By: /s/ Joseph T. Hand 

By: /s/ Matthew E. Poff 

Joseph T. Hand

Matthew E. Poff

(Principal Executive Officer and Director)

(Principal Accounting Officer and Chief Financial Officer)

Dated: March 6, 2023 

Dated: March 6, 2023 

Directors:

Date:

By: /s/ Paul R. Bonney 

March 6, 2023 

Paul R. Bonney

By: /s/ Cynthia A. Dotzel 

March 6, 2023 

Cynthia A. Dotzel

By: /s/ Michael W. Gang 

March 6, 2023 

Michael W. Gang

By: /s/ Joseph T. Hand 

March 6, 2023 

Joseph T. Hand

By: /s/ Jeffrey R. Hines 

March 6, 2023 

Jeffrey R. Hines

By: /s/ George W. Hodges 

March 6, 2023 

George W. Hodges

By: /s/ George Hay Kain, III 

March 6, 2023 

George Hay Kain, III

By: /s/ Jody L. Keller 

March 6, 2023 

Jody L. Keller

By: /s/ Erin C. McGlaughlin 

March 6, 2023 

Erin C. McGlaughlin

By: /s/ Robert P. Newcomer 

March 6, 2023 

Robert P. Newcomer

By: /s/ Steven R. Rasmussen 

March 6, 2023 

Steven R. Rasmussen

By: /s/ Ernest J. Waters 

March 6, 2023 

Ernest J. Waters

Table of Contents 

Page 58 

<EX-23>
 2
 exhibit23-123122.htm
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM

EXHIBIT 23

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm

 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the Registration Statements on Form S-3 (File No. 333-259809 and
 333-268204) and Forms S-8 (File Nos. 333-191497 and 333-211287) of The York Water Company of our report dated March 7, 2023, relating to the financial statements and the financial statement schedule, which appear in this Form 10-K.

/s/ Baker Tilly US, LLP 

York, Pennsylvania

March 7, 2023

</EX-23>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 exhibit31_1-123122.htm
 YWC CERTIFICATION OF CEO

EXHIBIT 31.1

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Joseph T. Hand, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of The York Water Company;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d)

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

a)

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b)

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
 over financial reporting.

Date: March 7, 2023

/s/ Joseph T. Hand 

Joseph T. Hand

President and CEO

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 exhibit31_2-123122.htm
 YWC CERTIFICATION OF CFO

EXHIBIT 31.2

 CERTIFICATIONS 

I, Matthew E. Poff, certify that:

1.

I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of The York Water Company;

2.

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the
 statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report;

3.

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects
 the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report;

4.

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
 Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have:

a)

designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure
 that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

b)

designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our
 supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles;

c)

evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the
 effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and

d)

disclosed in this report any change in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant's most recent
 fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant's internal control over financial reporting; and

5.

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting,
 to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent function):

a)

all significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably
 likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and

b)

any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control
 over financial reporting.

Date: March 7, 2023

/s/ Matthew E. Poff 

Matthew E. Poff 

Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 exhibit32_1-123122.htm
 YWC SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CEO

EXHIBIT 32.1

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of The York Water Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities
 and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Joseph T. Hand, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my
 knowledge:

(1)

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934;
 and

(2)

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company.

THE YORK WATER COMPANY

/s/ Joseph T. Hand 

Joseph T. Hand

Chief Executive Officer

Date: March 7, 2023

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 exhibit32_2-123122.htm
 YWC SECTION 906 CERTIFICATION OF CFO

EXHIBIT 32.2

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of The York Water Company on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and
 Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the "Report"), I, Matthew E. Poff, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my
 knowledge:

(1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) of the Securities Exchange Act
 of 1934; and 

(2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the
 financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

THE YORK WATER COMPANY 

/s/ Matthew E. Poff 

Matthew E. Poff 

Chief Financial Officer 

Date: March 7, 2023

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 yorw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 yorw-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 yorw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 yorw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 yorw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

