<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230316_10-K_edgar_data_1168455_0001437749-23-006797.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>19395998</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>307036</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2028324</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>8578454</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>3704791</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4138203</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-006797.hdr.sgml : 20230316
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230316090119
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-006797
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		115
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230316
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230316

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			PLUMAS BANCORP
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001168455
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	SHORT-TERM BUSINESS CREDIT INSTITUTIONS [6153]
		IRS NUMBER:				752987096
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			CA
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-49883
		FILM NUMBER:		23737305

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5525 KIETZKE LANE, STE. 100
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89511
		BUSINESS PHONE:		775-786-0907

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5525 KIETZKE LANE, STE. 100
		CITY:			RENO
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89511

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-006797.txt : 20230316

10-K
 1
 plbc20221231b_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

plbc20221231b_10k.htm 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 
 Annual report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 Transaction report pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 

Commission file number: 

PLUMAS BANCORP (Exact name of Registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (IRS Employer Identification No.) 
 
 , , 
 (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) 

Registrant's telephone number, including area code: ) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Title of Each Class: Trading Symbol Name of Each Exchange on which Registered: 
 The Stock Market LLC 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None. 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 
 
 Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
 
 No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See definition of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 
 
 Large Accelerated Filer Accelerated Filer Smaller Reporting Company 
 Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Table of Contents 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 
 Yes No 

As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates on the Nasdaq Stock Market was approximately million, based on the closing price reported to the Registrant on June 30, 2022 of 28.54 per share. 
 
 Shares of Common Stock held by each officer and director have been excluded in that such persons may be deemed to be affiliates. This determination of the affiliate status is not necessarily a conclusive determination for other purposes. 
 
 As of March 13, 2023 there wer e shares of the registrant's Common Stock outstanding. 
 
 Documents Incorporated by Reference: Portions of the definitive proxy statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission pursuant to SEC Regulation 14A are incorporated by reference in Part III, Items 10-14. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 2 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 10 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 17 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 18 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 19 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 19 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 20 

Item 6. 
 [RESERVED] 
 21 

Item 7. 
 Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 22 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 41 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 F-1 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 42 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 42 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 42 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 42 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 43 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 43 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 43 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 43 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 43 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 43 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 46 

Signatures 
 47 

i

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 
 Forward-Looking Information 
 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements and information that is subject to the safe harbor provisions of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933 and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These forward-looking statements, which may involve Plumas Bancorp s plans, beliefs, goals, expectations and forecasts are typically identified with words such as may, could, should, will, would, believe, anticipate, estimate, expect, intend, plan or words or phases of similar meaning. Forward looking statements involve certain risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements. Such risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, the following factors: 

The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, including government and customer responses to the pandemic. 

Local, regional, national and international economic conditions and the impact they may have on us and our customers, and our assessment of that impact on our estimates including, but not limited to, the allowance for loan losses. 

The effects of and changes in trade, monetary and fiscal policies and laws, including the interest rate policies of the Federal Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve Board. 

The ability of Plumas Bank to pay dividends to Plumas Bancorp. 

Our failure to maintain required levels of capital and our ability to raise additional capital as needed. 

The effect of changes in accounting policies and practices, as may be adopted by bank regulatory agencies, the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board, the Financial Accounting Standards Board or others. 

The costs and effects of changes in laws and regulations and of other legal and regulatory developments, including, but not limited to, increases in FDIC insurance premiums, legal proceedings or regulatory or other governmental inquiries, and the results of regulatory examinations, reviews or other inquires. 

Changes in the interest rate environment and volatility of rate sensitive assets and liabilities. 

Declines in the health of the economy, nationally or regionally, which could reduce the demand for loans, reduce the ability of borrowers to repay loans and/or reduce the value of real estate collateral securing most of our loans. 

Credit quality deterioration, which could cause an increase in the provision for loan and lease losses. 

Devaluation of securities we own. 

Asset/liability matching risks and liquidity risks. 

Loss of key personnel. 

Operational interruptions including data processing systems failure and fraud. 

Cybersecurity threats and the cost of defending against them, including the costs of compliance with potential legislation to combat cybersecurity at a state, national or global level. 

The possibility that we may reduce or discontinue the payments of dividends on common stock. 

Risk associated with or resulting from our growth strategy. 

Natural disasters, earthquakes, fires, and severe weather. 

Our success in managing the risks involved in the foregoing. 

Plumas Bancorp undertakes no obligation to revise or publicly release the results of any revision to these forward-looking statements. 

1

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 References in this report to the Company, we, us and our refer to Plumas Bancorp and its consolidated subsidiary, unless the context indicates otherwise. References to the Bank refer to Company s wholly-owned subsidiary, Plumas Bank. References to Management refer to the members of the Company s management and references to the Board of Directors or the Board refer to the Company s Board of Directors. 
 
 General 
 
 The Company . Plumas Bancorp is a bank holding company headquartered in Reno, Nevada. Substantially all of the Company's operations are conducted through its subsidiary, Plumas Bank. 
 
 The Company s principal source of income is dividends from the Bank, but the Company may explore supplemental sources of income in the future. The cash outlays of the Company, including but not limited to the payment of dividends to shareholders, if and when declared by the Board of Directors, costs of repurchasing Company common stock and the cost of servicing debt, will generally be paid from dividends paid to the Company by the Bank. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had consolidated assets of 1.6 billion, deposits of 1.5 billion, other liabilities of 44 million and shareholders equity of 119 million. The Company s other liabilities include 10.3 million in junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures and 18.6 million in repurchase agreements. These items are described in detail later in this Form 10-K. 
 
 The Company is a California corporation incorporated in 2002 for the purpose of becoming the holding company for the Bank, which we acquired the same year. The Company's only other subsidiaries are Plumas Statutory Trust I and Plumas Statutory Trust II, which were formed in 2002 and 2005 solely to facilitate the issuance of trust preferred securities. 
 
 We file annual, quarterly, and other reports required under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 with Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC ). These reports are available at no cost on our website, www.plumasbank.com , as soon as reasonably practicable after filing with the SEC. These reports are also available through the SEC s website at www.sec.gov . The address of our headquarters is 5525 Kietzke Lane, Suite 100, Reno, Nevada, 89511. 
 
 The Bank. The Bank is a California state-chartered bank that was incorporated and commenced business in 1980.. The Bank s deposit accounts are insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation (the FDIC up to applicable legal limits. The Bank is a member of the Federal Reserve System. At December 31, 2022 the Bank had approximately 1.6 billion in assets, 906 million in net loans and 1.5 billion in deposits (including deposits of 1.0 million from the Company). It is currently the largest bank headquartered in Plumas County, California. The Bank s operations are conducted through its administrative office in Quincy, California. 
 
 The Bank s primary service area covers the Northeastern portion of California, with Lake Tahoe to the south and the Oregon border to the north, and the Northwestern portion of Nevada. The Bank, through its fourteen-b ran ch network, serves Washoe and Carson City counties in Nevada and the eight contiguous California counties of Plumas, Nevada, Sierra, Placer, Lassen, Modoc, Sutter and Shasta. The branches are located in the California communities of Quincy, Portola, Greenville, Truckee, Fall River Mills, Alturas, Susanville, Chester, Tahoe City, Kings Beach, Redding and Yuba City and in Reno and Carson City, Nevada. On July 1, 2021 we acquired our Yuba City branch with the acquisition of the Bank of Feather River. See "Recent Expansion Activities". The Bank maintains eighteen automated teller machines ATMs tied in with major statewide and national networks. In addition to its branch network, the Bank operates a lending office specializing in government-guaranteed lending in Auburn, California and commercial/agricultural lending offices located in Chico, California and Klamath Falls, Oregon. The Bank s primary business is servicing the banking needs of these communities. Its marketing strategy stresses its local ownership and commitment to serve the banking needs of individuals living and working in the Bank s primary service areas. 
 
 The Bank primarily generates revenue from loans and investment securities in its portfolio and, to a lesser extent, service fees. With a predominant focus on personal service, the Bank positions itself as a multi-community independent bank serving the financial needs of individuals and businesses within the Bank s geographic footprint. The Bank s principal commercial lending services include term real estate, commercial and industrial term loans. In addition, the Bank provides government-guaranteed and agricultural loans as well as credit lines. The Bank s principal retail lending services include consumer, automobile, and home equity loans. The Bank provides land development and construction loans on a limited basis. 

2

Table of Contents 

The Bank provides Small Business Administration (SBA) loans to qualified borrowers throughout Northern California, and Northern Nevada through its government-guaranteed lending center headquartered in Auburn, California. In 2007 the Bank was granted nationwide Preferred Lender status with the U.S. Small Business Administration and we expect government-guaranteed lending to continue to be an important part of our overall lending operation. During 2022 proceeds from the sale of government-guaranteed loans totaled 55.4 million and we generated a gain on sale of 2.7 million. SBA loans available for sale at December 31, 2022 totaled 2.3 million, a decrease of 29.0 million from 31.3 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Agricultural Credit Centers located in Alturas, Chico, and Yuba City, California and Klamath Falls, Oregon provide an array of credit services supporting the agricultural activities that are key to the continued economic development of these communities. Ag lending clients include a full range of individual farming customers, small to medium-sized business farming organizations and corporate farming units. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the principal areas to which we have directed our lending activities, and the percentage of our total loan portfolio comprised by each, were as follows: (i) commercial real estate 56.6 ; (ii) consumer loans (including residential equity lines of credit and automobile loans) 15.0 , (iii) agricultural loans (including agricultural real estate loans) 13.5 , (iv); commercial and industrial loans 8.4 ; (v) construction and land development 4.8 ; and (vi) residential real estate 1.7 . 
 
 In addition to our lending activities, we offer a wide range of deposit products for the commercial and retail banking markets including checking, money market checking, business sweep, public funds sweep, savings, time deposit and retirement accounts, as well as remote deposit, telephone and mobile banking, including mobile deposit, and internet banking with bill-pay options. Interest bearing deposits include higher yielding sweep accounts designed for our commercial customers and for public entities such as municipalities. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank ha d 39,338 d eposit accounts with balances totaling approximately 1.5 billion, compared to 38,602 deposit accounts with balances totaling approximately 1.4 billion at December 31, 2021. We attract deposits through our customer-oriented product mix, competitive pricing, convenient locations, mobile and internet banking and remote deposit operations, all provided with a high level of customer service. 
 
 Most of the Bank s deposits are attracted from individuals, business-related sources, and smaller municipal entities. This mix of deposit customers resulted in a relatively modest average deposit balance of approxi mately 37 thou sand at December 31, 2022. However, we believe this broad deposit base makes us less vulnerable to adverse effects from the loss of depositors who may be seeking higher yields in other markets or who may otherwise draw down balances for cash needs. 
 
 We also offer a variety of other products and services complementing our lending and deposit services. These include cashier s checks, bank-by-mail, ATMs, night depository, safe deposit boxes, direct deposit, electronic funds transfers and other customary banking services. We offer a Remote Deposit product that allows our business customers to make non-cash deposits remotely from their physical location. This product enables us to extend our service area because we can now meet the deposit needs of customers who may not be located within a convenient distance of one of our branch offices. 
 
 The Bank has devoted a substantial amount of time and capital to the improvement of existing bank services. During 2015 we enhanced our mobile banking services and began offering mobile deposit services, and in 2018 we began offering the ability for our customers to send money to others from their mobile devices through a linked debit card P2P transfers). During 2020 we added the ability for customers to make loan payments via our website regardless of whether they have a deposit relationship with us. During 2021 we increased our online banking product offerings for commercial clients including enhanced security controls. Additionally, we created a streamlined login process for our consumer clients in order to instantly access their accounts once enrolled in online banking. In 2022 Plumas Bank upgraded and replaced our fleet of ATM machines. Enhanced and streamlined incoming wire notifications and developed electronic tracking and monitoring for ACH origination and Remote Deposit Capture services and implemented the ability for our commercial online banking clients to originate one-time ACH payments. 
 
 The officers and employees of the Bank are continually engaged in marketing activities, including the evaluation and development of new products and services, to enable the Bank to retain and improve its competitive position in its service area. 
 
 We hold no patents or licenses (other than licenses required by appropriate bank regulatory agencies or local governments), franchises, or concessions. Our business has a modest seasonal component due to the heavy agricultural and tourism orientation of some of the communities we serve. We are not dependent on a single customer or group of related customers for a material portion of our deposits. We have established loan concentration guidelines as a percentage of capital and evaluate loan concentration levels within a single industry or group of related industries on quarterly basis, or more frequently as loan conditions change. There has been no material effect upon our capital expenditures, earnings, or competitive position as a result of federal, state, or local environmental regulation. 
 
 Commitment to our Communities. The Board of Directors and management believe that the Company plays an important role in the economic well-being of the communities we serve. Our Bank has a continuing responsibility to provide a wide range of lending and deposit services to both individuals and businesses. We strive to tailor these services to meet the needs of the communities served by the Company and the Bank. 

3

Table of Contents 

We offer various loan products which encourage job growth and support community economic development. Types of loans offered range from personal and commercial loans to real estate, construction, agricultural, automobile and government-guaranteed loans. Many banking decisions are made locally with the goal of maintaining customer satisfaction through the timely delivery of high quality products and services. 
 
 Recent Expansion Activities. As part of our business strategy we may regularly review opportunities to enhance the value of our franchise, including through acquisitions. On July 1, 2021, we completed the acquisition of Feather River Bancorp and its subsidiary, Bank of Feather River, which merged with and into the Bank the same day. The estimated fair value of assets acquired at July 1, 2021 was 205.0 million consisting of 28.4 million in cash, 160.4 million in net loans, 1.0 million in core deposit intangible, 5.5 million in goodwill and 9.7 million in other assets. The estimated fair value of deposits assumed totaled 176.7 million consisting of 89.5 million in non-interest bearing transaction accounts, 9.3 million in savings accounts, 45.6 million in money market accounts and 32.3 million in time deposits. 
 
 Dividends. It is the policy of the Company to periodically distribute excess retained earnings to the shareholders through the payment of cash dividends, subject to the approval of the Board of Directors. During 2022 the Company paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.16 per share on each of November 15, 2022, August 15, 2022, May 16, 2022 and February 15, 2022. During 2021 the Company paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.14 per share on each of November 15, 2021, August 16, 2021, May 17, 2021 and February 15, 2021. During 2020 the Company paid three quarterly 0.12 per share dividends one each on May 15, 2020, August 14, 2020 and November 16, 2020. 
 
 Trust Preferred Securities. In addition to the Bank, the Company has two unconsolidated statutory trust subsidiaries, Plumas Statutory Trust I and Plumas Statutory Trust II. We organized both trust subsidiaries for the purpose of issuing an aggregate of 10.0 million of trust preferred securities to increase our regulatory capital levels. The trust preferred securities mature in 2032 and 2035 or upon earlier redemption as provided in the applicable indentures. Neither Trust I nor Trust II are consolidated into the Company s consolidated financial statements and, accordingly, both entities are accounted for under the equity method and their junior subordinated debentures are reflected as debt on our consolidated balance sheet. The business trusts and the trust preferred securities are described in more detail in Note 10 to the Company s consolidated financial statements in Item 8 of this Form 10-K. 
 
 Under the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Dodd-Frank Act trust preferred securities issued after May 19, 2010 are excluded from Tier 1 capital unless the issuing company is a bank holding company with less than 500 million in total assets. Trust preferred securities issued prior to that date continue to count as Tier 1 capital for bank holding companies with less than 15 billion in total assets, such as the Company. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps. From time to time, we may use interest rate swaps or other instruments to manage our interest rate exposure and reduce the impact of future interest rate changes. These financial instruments are not used for trading or speculative purposes. On May 26, 2020 we entered into two separate interest rate swap agreements effectively converting the 10 million in floating rate subordinated debentures issued in connection with our trust preferred securities to fixed rated obligations. The swaps have a 10-year maturity and are structured to effectively fix the LIBOR rate on the Subordinated Debentures at approximately 75 basis points. These agreements have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedging instruments and, as such, changes in the fair value are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss to the extent the agreements are effective hedges. In January, 2023 we terminated these agreements receiving 1.7 million in proceeds on termination. 
 
 Business Concentrations. No individual or single group of related customer accounts is considered material in relation to the Bank's assets or deposits, or in relation to our overall business. However, at December 31, 2022 approximately 77 of the Bank's total loan portfolio consisted of real estate-secured loans, including real estate mortgage loans, real estate construction loans, consumer equity lines of credit, and agricultural loans secured by real estate. Moreover, our business activities are currently focused in the California counties of Plumas, Nevada, Placer, Lassen, Modoc, Shasta, Sutter and Sierra and Washoe and Carson City Counties in Nevada. Consequently, our results of operations and financial condition are dependent upon the general trends in these economies and, in particular, the residential and commercial real estate markets. In addition, the concentration of our operations in these areas of California and Nevada exposes us to greater risk than other banking companies with a wider geographic base in the event of catastrophes, such as earthquakes, fires, drought and floods in these regions in California and Nevada. 
 
 Competition . The banking business is highly competitive. The business is largely dominated by a relatively small number of major banks with many offices operating over a wide geographical area. These banks have, among other advantages, a greater ability to invest in technology, to finance wide-ranging marketing campaigns and to allocate their resources to regions of highest yield and demand. Many of the major banks operating in the area offer certain services that we do not offer directly but may offer indirectly through correspondent institutions. By virtue of their greater total capitalization, such banks also have substantially higher lending limits than we do. For customers whose loan demands exceed our legal lending limit, we attempt to arrange for such loans on a participation basis with correspondent or other banks. 
 
 In addition to other banks, our competitors include savings institutions, credit unions, and numerous non-banking institutions such as finance companies, leasing companies, insurance companies, brokerage firms, Internet-based fintech lenders and investment banking firms. In recent years, increased competition has also developed from specialized finance and non-finance companies that offer wholesale finance, credit card, and other consumer finance services, including on-line banking services and personal financial software. Strong competition for deposit and loan products affects the rates of those products as well as the terms on which they are offered to customers. Mergers between financial institutions have placed additional competitive pressure on banks within the industry to streamline their operations, reduce expenses, and increase revenues. In addition, competitive conditions have intensified as banks have increasingly affiliated with securities firms, insurance companies, and other financial companies. 

4

Table of Contents 

As of June 30, 2022, within towns in which the Bank has a branch as of this same date there were 133 banking branch offices of competing institutions (excluding credit unions, but including savings banks), including 108 branches of 16 banks having assets more than 10 billion. As of June 30, 2022, the FDIC estimated the Bank s market share of insured deposits within the communities it serves to be as follows: Greenville and Portola 100 , Quincy 83 , Alturas 67 , Chester 64 , Susanville 57 , Kings Beach 42 , Fall River Mills 38 , Tahoe City 32 , Truckee 17 , Yuba City 5 , Carson City 4 , Redding 2 and Reno less than 1 . 
 
 Technological innovations have also resulted in increased competition in financial services markets. Such innovation has, for example, made it possible for non-depository institutions to offer customers loans or automated transfer payment services that previously were considered traditional banking products. In addition, many customers now expect a choice of delivery systems and channels, including home computer, mobile, remote deposit, telephone, ATMs, mail, full-service branches and/or in-store branches. The sources of competition in such products include traditional banks as well as savings associations, credit unions, brokerage firms, money market and other mutual funds, asset management groups, finance, and insurance companies, fintechs and mortgage banking firms. 
 
 Our strategy is to counter rising competition by providing our own style of community-oriented, personalized service. We rely on local promotional activity, personal contacts by our officers, directors, employees, and shareholders, automated 24-hour banking, and the individualized service that we can provide through our flexible policies. This approach appears to be well-received by our customers who appreciate a more personal and customer-oriented environment in which to conduct their financial transactions. To meet the needs of customers who prefer to bank electronically, we offer telephone banking, mobile banking, remote deposit, mobile deposit, and internet banking with bill payment capabilities. This high tech and high touch approach allows customers to tailor their access to our services based on their particular preferences. 
 
 Employees. At December 31, 2022, we employed 193 persons. On a full-time equivalent basis, we employed 180 persons. While we expect to hire additional employees as we grow or as a result of attrition, we believe our human capital resources are adequate to support our current business. None of our employees are represented by a labor union, and management considers its relations with employees to be good. 
 
 Code of Ethics. Our Board of Directors has adopted a code of business conduct and ethics for directors, officers (including the Company s principal executive officer and principal financial officer) and financial personnel, known as the Corporate Governance Code of Ethics. This policy is available on our website at www.plumasbank.com. Shareholders may request a free copy of this policy from Plumas Bancorp, Ms. Jamie Huynh, Administrative Coordinator, 5525 Kietzke Lane, Suite 100, Reno, Nevada, 89511. 
 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 
 General. As a banking organization, we are extensively regulated under federal and state law. These laws and regulations are generally intended to protect our customers and the financial system and not our shareholders. Our operations may be affected by legislative changes and by the policies of various regulatory authorities. Any change in applicable laws or regulations may have a material effect on our business and prospects. We cannot accurately predict the nature or the extent of the effects on our business and earnings that fiscal or monetary policies, or new federal or state legislation may have in the future. The following summaries of statutes and regulations are qualified in their entirety by reference to the particular statute or regulation. 
 
 Holding Company Regulation. The Company is a registered bank holding company under the Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended, and is subject to supervision and regulation by the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System (the FRB ). We are required to file reports with the FRB and the FRB periodically examines the Company. A bank holding company is required to serve as a source of financial and managerial strength to its subsidiary bank and, under appropriate circumstances, to commit resources to support its subsidiary bank. FRB regulations and policies require the Company to meet or exceed certain capital requirements and regulate provisions of certain bank holding company debt. The Company is also a bank holding company for purposes of the California Financial Code, so the Company and its subsidiaries are also subject to supervision and examination by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation DFPI ). 
 
 The activities of bank holding companies are generally limited to the business of banking, managing or controlling banks, and other activities that the FRB has determined to be so closely related to banking or managing or controlling banks as to be a proper incident thereto. Bank holding companies that qualify and register as financial holding companies are also able to engage in certain additional financial activities, such as merchant banking and securities and insurance underwriting, subject to limitations set forth in federal law. The Company has not elected to become a financial holding company. As a bank holding company, the Company must obtain prior approval of the FRB before taking any action that causes a bank to become a controlled subsidiary of the bank holding company, acquiring direct or indirect ownership of 5 of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities of another bank or bank holding company, acquiring all or substantially all the assets of a bank or merging or consolidating with another bank holding company. 

5

Table of Contents 

Federal and State Bank Regulation. As a California-chartered commercial bank that is a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank is subject to the supervision and regulation of the DFPI and the FRB, as well as certain of the regulations of the FDIC and the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau CFPB ). The DFPI and the FRB regularly examine the Bank and may prohibit the Bank from engaging in what they believe constitute unsafe or unsound banking practices or violations of law. 
 
 As a member of the Federal Reserve System, the Bank is required to purchase and maintain stock in the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco in an amount equal to 3.00 of the paid-up capital stock and surplus of the Bank and have available another 3.00 in reserves. At December 31, 2022, the Bank had 1.4 million in stock of the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco in compliance with this requirement. 
 
 Capital Adequacy. The federal banking agencies have adopted risk-based capital adequacy guidelines intended to measure capital relative to the degree of risk associated with a banking organization s operations for both transactions reported on the balance sheet as assets, and transactions, such as letters of credit and recourse arrangements, which are reported as off-balance-sheet items. Under these guidelines, nominal dollar amounts of assets and credit equivalent amounts of off-balance-sheet items are multiplied by one of several risk adjustment percentages, which range from 0 for assets with low credit risk, such as certain U.S. government securities, to 100 for assets with relatively higher credit risk, such as business loans. 
 
 A banking organization s risk-based capital ratios are calculated by dividing its qualifying capital by its total risk-adjusted assets and off-balance-sheet items. The regulators measure risk-adjusted assets and off-balance-sheet items against common equity Tier 1 capital, Tier 1 capital and total qualifying capital (the sum of Tier 1 capital and limited amounts of Tier 2 capital). Common equity Tier 1 capital generally consists of common stock and retained earnings. Tier 1 capital consists of common stock, retained earnings, noncumulative perpetual preferred stock and minority interests in certain subsidiaries, less most other intangible assets. Tier 2 capital may consist of a limited amount of the allowance for loan and lease losses and certain other instruments with some characteristics of equity. The inclusion of elements of Tier 2 capital is subject to certain other requirements and limitations of the federal banking agencies. 
 
 If a bank does not maintain the required capital levels, federal banking regulators, as well as the DFPI, may issue a capital directive or take other enforcement measures to ensure the maintenance of required capital levels. Federal law requires, among other things, that federal bank regulators take prompt corrective action with respect to banks that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For this purpose, the law establishes five capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. At each successive lower capital category, a bank is subject to more restrictions and prohibitions, including restrictions on growth, restrictions on interest rates paid on deposits, restrictions or prohibitions on payment of dividends, and restrictions on the acceptance of brokered deposits. Furthermore, if an insured depository institution is classified in one of the undercapitalized categories, it is required to submit a capital restoration plan to the appropriate federal banking agency, and the holding company and any other company deemed to control the bank must guarantee the performance of that plan. 
 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies' risk-based capital adequacy guidelines sometimes called Basel III, establish minimum regulatory capital requirements for bank holding companies and depository institutions. The Basel III capital rules include a minimum common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 , a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 , and a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 (calculated as Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets). The minimum capital levels required to be considered well capitalized include a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 , a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 and a leverage ratio of 5.0 . In addition, the Basel III capital rules require that banking organizations maintain a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above the minimum capital requirements in order to avoid restrictions on their ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock or pay discretionary bonuses. Including the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , the Basel III capital rules require the following minimum ratios for a bank holding company or bank to be considered "well capitalized": a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 ; a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 , and a total capital ratio of 10.5 . At December 31, 2022, the Company s and the Bank s capital ratios exceed the thresholds necessary to be considered well capitalized under the Basel III framework. 
 
 Under the FRB s Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding company Policy Statement (the Policy Statement ), qualifying bank holding companies with less than 3 billion in consolidated assets are exempt from the Basel III consolidated capital rules. The Company qualifies for treatment under the Policy Statement and is not currently subject to the Basel III consolidated capital rules at the bank holding company level. The Basel III capital rules continue to apply to the Bank. 

For additional information, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Capital Standards. 

6

Table of Contents 

Dividends and Stock Repurchases. The Company's ability to pay cash dividends is limited by California law and is dependent on dividends it may receive from the Bank. The California General Corporation Law permits a California corporation such as the Company to make a distribution to its shareholders if its retained earnings equal at least the amount of the proposed distribution or if after giving effect to the distribution, the value of the corporation s assets exceed the amount of its liabilities plus the amount of shareholders preferences, if any, and certain other conditions are met. 
 
 It is the FRB s policy that bank holding companies should generally pay dividends on common stock only out of current income and only if prospective earnings support the organization s expected future needs and financial condition. Further, it is the FRB s policy that bank holding companies should not maintain dividend levels that undermine their ability to be a source of strength to their banking subsidiaries. The FRB also discourages dividend payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless both asset quality and capital are very strong. 
 
 In addition, the Company s ability to pay dividends is subject to certain covenants contained in the indentures relating to the trust preferred securities issued by the Company s business trust subsidiaries. 
 
 The Bank is a legal entity that is separate and distinct from its holding company. The Company depends on the performance of the Bank for funds which may be received as dividends from the Bank for use in the operation of the Company and the ability of the Company to pay dividends to shareholders. Future cash dividends by the Bank will also depend upon management s assessment of future capital requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. 
 
 The California Financial Code restricts the dividends that the Bank may pay to the Company to the lesser of the Bank's retained earnings or the Bank's net income for the latest three fiscal years, less dividends previously declared during that period, or, with the approval of the DFPI, to the greater of the retained earnings of the Bank, the net income of the Bank for its last fiscal year, or the net income of the Bank for its current fiscal year. As of December 31, 2022, the maximum amount available for dividend distribution under this restriction was approximately 49.1 million. In addition, the Bank is subject to the Basel III capital rules and the capital conservation buffer discussed above. 
 
 The foregoing restrictions and limitations on dividends similarly restrict the Company s ability to repurchase shares of its common stock. 
 
 Loans-to-One Borrower. Under California law, the Bank s ability to make aggregate secured and unsecured loans-to-one-borrower is limited to 25 and 15 , respectively, of unimpaired capital and surplus. At December 31, 2022, the Bank s limit on aggregate secured loans-to-one-borrower was 34.3 million a nd unsecured loans-to-one borrower was 20.6 million. The Bank has established internal loan limits that are lower than its legal lending limits. 
 
 The Community Reinvestment Act. The Community Reinvestment Act CRA requires the federal banking regulators to evaluate the record of depository institutions in meeting the credit needs of their local communities, including low- and moderate-income neighborhoods, consistent with the safe and sound operation of those institutions. Federal banking regulators consider the Bank's CRA performance in evaluating applications for mergers, acquisitions and to establish new branches. A less than Satisfactory rating would likely result in the suspension of any growth of the Bank through acquisitions or opening de novo branches until the rating is improved. The Bank s most recent CRA rating was Satisfactory. 
 
 Transactions with Affiliates. The Bank is subject to certain restrictions imposed by the Federal Reserve Act on extensions of credit to executive officers, directors, principal shareholders (including the Company) or any related interest of such persons. Extensions of credit must be made on substantially the same terms, including interest rates and collateral, as, and follow credit underwriting procedures that are not less stringent than, those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with persons not affiliated with the Bank, and must not involve more than the normal risk of repayment or present other unfavorable features. Banks are also subject to certain lending limits and restrictions on overdrafts to such persons. A violation of these restrictions may result in the assessment of substantial civil monetary penalties on the affected bank or any officer, director, employee, agent or other person participating in the conduct of the affairs of that bank, the imposition of a cease and desist order, and other regulatory sanctions. 
 
 The Federal Reserve Act and the FRB s Regulation W limit the amount of certain loan and investment transactions between the Bank and its affiliates, require certain levels of collateral for such loans, and limit the amount of advances to third parties that may be collateralized by the securities of the Company or its subsidiaries. Regulation W requires that certain transactions between the Bank and its affiliates be on terms substantially the same, or at least as favorable to the Bank, as those prevailing at the time for comparable transactions with or involving nonaffiliated companies or, in the absence of comparable transactions, on terms and under circumstances, including credit standards, that in good faith would be offered to or would apply to nonaffiliated companies. 

7

Table of Contents 

Safety and Soundness Standards . The federal banking regulators have adopted non-capital safety and soundness standards for institutions. These standards cover internal controls, information and internal audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, and standards for asset quality, earnings and stock valuation. An institution that fails to meet these standards must develop a plan acceptable to the agency, specifying the steps that it will take to meet the standards. Failure to submit or implement such a plan may subject the institution to regulatory enforcement actions, including civil money penalties. 
 
 Federal Deposit Insurance . The FDIC insures the Bank s deposits, up to prescribed statutory limits, through the Deposit Insurance Fund, currently 250,000 per depositor per institution. The Deposit Insurance Fund is funded primarily by FDIC assessments paid by the insured depository institution. The amount of FDIC assessments paid by a depository institution is based on its relative risk of default as measured by regulatory capital ratios and other supervisory factors. The Bank s FDIC insurance expense totaled 528 thousand for 2022. 
 
 While the FRB is the Bank s primary federal regulator, as a federally insured depository institution, the Bank is also subject to certain regulations of and supervision by the FDIC. The FDIC may terminate a depository institution s deposit insurance upon a finding that the institution s financial condition is unsafe or unsound or that the institution has engaged in unsafe or unsound practices that pose a risk to the Deposit Insurance Fund or that may prejudice the interest of the institution s depositors. Under California law, the termination of the Bank s deposit insurance would result in a termination of the Bank s charter. 
 
 Consumer Protection Laws and Regulations. The bank regulatory agencies continue to focus greater attention on compliance with consumer protection laws and their implementing regulations. Examination and enforcement have become more intense in nature, and insured institutions have been advised to carefully monitor compliance with such laws and regulations. The Company is subject to many federal and state consumer protection and privacy statutes and regulations, including but not limited to the following: 

The Equal Credit Opportunity Act generally prohibits discrimination in any credit transaction, whether for consumer or business purposes, on the basis of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, marital status, age (except in limited circumstances), receipt of income from public assistance programs, or good faith exercise of any rights under the Consumer Credit Protection Act. 

The Truth in Lending Act TILA is designed to ensure that credit terms are disclosed in a meaningful way so that consumers may compare credit terms more readily and knowledgeably. As a result of the TILA, all creditors must use the same credit terminology to express rates and payments, including the annual percentage rate, the finance charge, the amount financed, the total of payments and the payment schedule, among other things. As a result of the Dodd-Frank Act, Regulation Z promulgated under the TILA includes new limits on loan originator compensation for all closed-end mortgages. These changes include, prohibiting certain payments to a mortgage broker or loan officer based on the transaction s terms or conditions, prohibiting dual compensation and prohibiting a mortgage broker or loan officer from steering consumers to transactions not in their interest to increase mortgage broker or loan officer compensation. 

The Fair Housing Act FH Act regulates many practices, including making it unlawful for any lender to discriminate in its housing-related lending activities against any person because of race, color, religion, national origin, sex, handicap or familial status. A number of lending practices have been found by the courts to be, or may be considered, illegal under the FH Act, including some that are not specifically mentioned in the FH Act itself. 

The Home Mortgage Disclosure Act HMDA ), in response to public concern over credit shortages in certain urban neighborhoods, requires public disclosure of information that shows whether financial institutions are serving the housing credit needs of the neighborhoods and communities in which they are located. The HMDA also includes a fair lending aspect that requires the collection and disclosure of data about applicant and borrower characteristics as a way of identifying possible discriminatory lending patterns and enforcing anti-discrimination statutes. 

The Right to Financial Privacy Act imposes a new requirement for financial institutions to provide new privacy protections to consumers. Financial institutions must provide disclosures to consumers of its privacy policy, and state the rights of consumers to direct their financial institution not to share their nonpublic personal information with third parties. 

The Real Estate Settlement Procedures Act RESPA requires lenders to provide noncommercial borrowers with disclosures regarding the nature and cost of real estate settlements. Also, RESPA prohibits certain abusive practices, such as kickbacks, and places limitations on the amount of escrow accounts. 

8

Table of Contents 

Penalties for noncompliance or violations under the above laws may include enforcement actions, fines, customer reimbursement and other penalties. Violations of consumer laws may also adversely affect the Bank s CRA rating. Due to heightened regulatory expectations related to compliance generally, the Company may incur additional compliance costs. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act created the CFPB as an independent federal agency with broad rulemaking, supervisory and enforcement powers under various federal consumer financial protection laws. The CFPB has examination and primary enforcement authority with respect to depository institutions with 10 billion or more in assets. Smaller institutions, including the Bank, are generally subject to rules promulgated by the CFPB but continue to be examined and supervised by their primary federal banking regulators for consumer compliance purposes. 
 
 Anti-Money Laundering Laws. A series of banking laws and regulations beginning with the Bank Secrecy Act require banks to prevent, detect, and report illicit or illegal financial activities to the federal government to prevent money laundering, international drug trafficking, and terrorism. Under the US PATRIOT Act of 2001, financial institutions are subject to prohibitions against specified financial transactions and account relationships, requirements regarding the Customer Identification Program, as well as enhanced due diligence and know your customer standards in their dealings with high risk customers, foreign financial institutions, and foreign individuals and entities. These rules also mandate a variety of record keeping, reporting and employee training requirements. 
 
 Privacy and Data Security. The Gramm-Leach Bliley Act of 1999 GLBA imposes requirements on financial institutions with respect to consumer privacy. The GLBA generally prohibits disclosure of consumer information to non-affiliated third parties unless the consumer has been given the opportunity to object and has not objected to such disclosure. Financial institutions are further required to disclose their privacy policies to consumers annually. The Bank is required to have an information security program to safeguard the confidentiality and security of customer information and to ensure proper disposal of information that is no longer needed. Customers must be notified when unauthorized disclosure involves sensitive customer information that may be misused. 
 
 Potential Enforcement Actions; Supervisory Agreements. Under federal law, the Company, the Bank and their institution-affiliated parties may be the subject of potential enforcement actions by the federal banking regulators for unsafe and unsound practices in conducting their businesses, or for violations of any law, rule or regulation or provision, any consent order with any agency, any condition imposed in writing by the agency or any written agreement with the agency. Enforcement actions may include the imposition of a conservator or receiver, cease-and-desist orders and written agreements, the termination of insurance of deposits, the imposition of civil money penalties, the payment of restitution and removal and prohibition orders against institution-affiliated parties. The DFPI also has authority to bring similar enforcement actions against the Bank. 
 
 Legislation and Proposed Changes. From time to time, legislation is enacted which has the effect of increasing the cost of doing business, limiting or expanding permissible activities or affecting the competitive balance between banks and other financial institutions. Proposals to change the laws and regulations governing the operations and taxation of banks, bank holding companies and other financial institutions are frequently made in Congress, in the California legislature and before various bank regulatory agencies. Typically, the intent of this type of legislation is to strengthen the banking industry, even if it may on occasion prove to be a burden on management s plans. No prediction can be made as to the likelihood of any major changes or the impact that new laws or regulations might have on us. 
 
 Effects of Government Monetary Policy. Our earnings and growth are affected not only by general economic conditions, but also by the fiscal and monetary policies of the federal government, particularly the FRB. The FRB implements national monetary policy for such purposes as curbing inflation and combating recession, through its open market operations in U.S. Government securities, control of the discount rate applicable to borrowings from the FRB, and establishment of reserve requirements against certain deposits. These activities influence growth of bank loans, investments and deposits, and also affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. The Company s profitability, like most financial institutions, is primarily dependent on interest rate spreads. In general, the difference between the interest rates paid by the Bank on interest-bearing liabilities, such as deposits and other borrowings, and the interest rates received by the Bank on interest-earning assets, such as loans extended to customers and securities held in the investment portfolio, will comprise the major portion of the Company s earnings. These rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, such as inflation, recession and unemployment, the monetary and fiscal policies of the federal government and the policies of regulatory agencies, particularly the FRB, and the impact which future changes in domestic and foreign economic conditions might have on us cannot be predicted. The nature and impact of future changes in monetary policies and their impact on us cannot be predicted with certainty. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements 
 
 See Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies Adoption of New Accounting Standards of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10K for information related to recent accounting pronouncements. 

9

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 Risk s Relating to our Business and Industry 
 
 T he ongoing COVID-19 pandemic and resulting adverse economic conditions have adversely impacted, and could continue to adversely impact, our business and results of operations . 
 
 Our business is dependent on the willingness and ability of our customers to conduct banking and other financial transactions. The ongoing COVID-19 pandemic has caused significant disruption in the United States and international economies and financial markets. Given the ongoing and dynamic nature of the circumstances and uncertainty regarding the duration of the pandemic, it is difficult to predict the full, continuing impact of the pandemic on our business. 
 
 We could, however, be subject to any of the following risks, any of which could have a material, adverse effect on our business, financial condition, liquidity, and results of operations: 

demand for our products and services may decline, making it difficult to sustain and grow asset and income levels 

if the economy worsens, loan delinquencies, problem assets, and foreclosures may increase, resulting in increased charges and reduced income 

collateral for loans, especially real estate, may decline in value, which could cause loan losses to increase 

our allowance for loan losses may have to be increased due to a deterioration in the credit quality of borrowers or the inability of borrowers or guarantors to satisfy their obligations to us (and any related forbearances or restructurings that may be implemented), which will adversely affect our net income 

higher operating costs, increased cybersecurity risks and potential loss of productivity due to employees working remotely, at least part of the time 

the value of securities in our investment portfolio may decline if, for example, the general economy deteriorates, inflation rates increase, credit ratings decline, the issuers financial condition deteriorates or the liquidity for debt securities declines 

10

Table of Contents 

material decreases in net income or a net loss over several quarters could result in a decrease in the rate or discontinuation of our quarterly cash dividend 

we rely on third party vendors for certain services and the unavailability of a critical service due to the COVID-19 outbreak could have an adverse effect on us and 

FDIC premiums may increase if the agency experiences additional resolution costs. 

Any one or a combination of the factors identified above could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations and prospects. 
 
 The majority of our assets are loans, which are subject to credit risks and potential losses. 
 
 The Bank, like other lenders, is subject to credit risk, which is the risk of losing principal or interest due to borrowers failure to perform their obligations in accordance with the terms of their credit agreements. Underwriting and documentation controls cannot mitigate all credit risk. Accordingly, our results of operations will be directly affected by the volume and timing of loan losses, which for several reasons can vary from period to period. The risks of loan losses may be exacerbated by a downturn in the economy or the real estate market in our market areas or a rapid increase in interest rates, which could have a negative effect on collateral values and borrowers ability to repay. To the extent borrowers do not timely pay our loans, the loans are placed on non-accrual status, thereby reducing interest income. Further, under these circumstances, we may be required to make an additional provision for loan and lease losses or unfunded commitments, which could reduce our income and capital. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Analysis of Asset Quality and Allowance for Loan Losses . 
 
 A deterioration of national or local economic conditions could reduce our profitability. 
 
 Our lending operations and customers are primarily located in the eastern region of Northern California and Northern Nevada. As a result, a significant majority of the loans in our loan portfolios as of December 31, 2022 were secured by properties and collateral located within these regions. As of such date, approximately 90 of the loans in our loan portfolio were made to borrowers who primarily conduct business or live in Northern California or Northern Nevada. This geographic concentration imposes risks from lack of geographic diversification, as adverse economic developments in Northern California or Northern Nevada, among other things, could affect the volume of loan originations, increase the level of nonperforming assets, increase the rate of foreclosure losses on loans and reduce the value of our loans and the underlying collateral. Any regional or local economic downturn affecting Northern California or Northern Nevada or existing or prospective borrowers or property values in such areas may affect us and our profitability more significantly and more adversely than depository organizations whose operations are less geographically concentrated. A significant downturn in the national economy or the local economy due to the real estate market, public policy decisions, agricultural commodity prices, natural disaster, fires, drought or other factors could result in a decline in the local economy in general, which could in turn negatively impact our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 If our allowance for loan losses is not sufficient to absorb actual loan losses, our profitability could be reduced. 
 
 The risk of loan losses is inherent in the lending business. We maintain an allowance for loan losses based upon our actual losses over a relevant time period and management s assessment of all relevant qualitative factors that may cause future loss experience to differ from our historical loss experience. Although we maintain a rigorous process for determining the allowance for loan losses, we cannot be certain that it will be sufficient to cover future loan losses. If our allowance for loan losses is not adequate to absorb future losses, or if bank regulatory agencies require us to increase our allowance for loan losses, our earnings could be significantly and adversely impacted. 
 
 A deterioration in the real estate market could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximate ly 77 of our t otal loan portfolio is secured by real estate, the majority of which is commercial real estate. The market value of real estate can fluctuate significantly in a short period of time as a result of market conditions in the area in which the real estate is located. Adverse changes affecting real estate values and the liquidity of real estate in our markets could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio, and could result in losses that would adversely affect credit quality, financial condition, and results of operation. Negative changes in the economy affecting real estate values and liquidity in our market areas could significantly impair the value of property pledged as collateral on loans and affect our ability to sell the collateral upon foreclosure without a loss or additional losses. Collateral may have to be sold for less than the outstanding balance of the loan, which could result in losses on such loans. Declines in real estate market values or increases in commercial and consumer delinquency levels could require increased net charge-offs which could adversely affect our financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Changes in interest rates could reduce our business and profitability. 
 
 Although we maintain a rigorous process for managing the impact of possible interest rate fluctuations on earnings, there is a risk that despite our efforts, our earnings could be significantly and adversely impacted by changes in interest rates. 

11

Table of Contents 

Our earnings depend largely upon net interest income, which is the difference between the total interest income earned on interest earning assets (primarily loans and investment securities) and the total interest expense incurred on interest bearing liabilities (primarily deposits and borrowed funds). The rate of interest that we earn on assets and pay on liabilities is affected principally by direct competition, and general economic conditions at the state and national level and other factors beyond our control such as actions of the FRB, the general supply of money in the economy, legislative tax policies, governmental budgetary matters, and other state and federal economic policies. 
 
 In a period of rising interest rates, the interest income we earn on our assets may not increase as rapidly as the interest expense we incur on our liabilities. Likewise, in a period of falling interest rates, the interest expense we incur on our liabilities may not decrease as rapidly as the interest income we earn on our assets. Historically, our liabilities have shorter contractual maturities than our assets. This creates a potential imbalance as interest rates change over time, which can create significant earnings volatility. 
 
 In addition, in a prolonged low interest rate environment, the difference between the total interest income earned on interest earning assets and the total interest expense incurred on interest bearing liabilities may compress, reducing our net interest income and adversely affecting our operating results. If short-term interest rates remain at their historically low levels for a prolonged period, and assuming longer term interest rates fall further, we could experience net interest margin compression as our interest earning assets would continue to re-price downward while our interest-bearing liability rates could fail to decline in tandem. Such an occurrence would have a material adverse effect on our net interest income and our results of operations. 
 
 Interest rate increases often result in larger payment requirements for our borrowers, increasing the potential for default. At the same time, the marketability of the property securing a loan may be adversely affected by any reduced demand resulting from higher interest rates. 
 
 Changes in interest rates can also affect the average life of our loans. A reduction in interest rates causes increased prepayments of loans as borrowers tend to refinance their debt to reduce their borrowing costs. This creates reinvestment risk, which is the risk that we may not be able to reinvest the funds from faster prepayments at rates that are comparable to the rates earned on the prepaid loans. 
 
 We could be required to raise additional capital in the future, but that capital may not be available when it is needed or may not be available on terms that are favorable to us or our existing shareholders. 
 
 As a depository organization, we must meet significant regulatory capital requirements and maintain sufficient liquidity. We may need to raise additional capital in the future to provide us with sufficient capital resources and liquidity to meet our commitments and business needs. Our ability to raise additional capital depends on conditions in the capital markets, economic conditions, and a number of other factors, including investor perceptions regarding the banking industry, market conditions and governmental activities, and on our financial condition and performance. Accordingly, we cannot assure that we will be able to raise additional capital if needed or on terms acceptable to us. If we fail to maintain capital to meet regulatory requirements, our financial condition, liquidity and results of operations would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 The markets in which we operate are subject to the risks of drought, fires, earthquakes and other natural disasters. 
 
 The occurrence of catastrophic weather events or pandemics could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Most of our offices are located in California, as are most of the real and personal properties securing our loans. The areas in which we operate and lend in California and Nevada are prone to earthquakes, fires, flooding and other natural disasters. In addition to possibly sustaining damage to its own properties, if there is a major earthquake, fire, flood or other natural disaster, we face the risk that many of our borrowers may experience uninsured property losses, or sustained job interruption and/or loss which may materially impair their ability to meet the terms of their loan obligations. Therefore, a major earthquake, fire, flood or other natural disaster in California or Nevada could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 

12

Table of Contents 

Over the past decade, California has experienced a severe drought, though drought conditions have lessened in the past few years. A significant portion of our borrowers are involved in or are dependent on the agricultural industry in California, which requires water. As of December 31, 2022, approximatel y 13 of our loans were categorized as agricultural loans. As a result of the drought, there have been governmental proposals concerning the distribution or rationing of water. If the amount of water available to agriculture becomes scarcer due to drought or rationing, growers may not be able to continue to produce agricultural products profitably, which could force some out of business. Although many of our customers are not directly involved in agriculture, they could be impacted by difficulties in the agricultural industry because many jobs and businesses in our market areas are related to the production of agricultural products. Therefore, a drought could adversely impact our loan portfolio, business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We face substantial competition from larger banks and other financial institutions. 
 
 We face substantial competition for deposits and loans. Competition for deposits primarily comes from other commercial banks, savings institutions, thrift and loan associations, credit unions, money market and mutual funds and other investment alternatives. Competition for loans comes primarily from other commercial banks, savings institutions, credit unions, mortgage banking firms, thrift and loan associations and increasingly fintech lending platforms. Larger competitors with larger capital resources have substantially greater resources to invest in technology and marketing and higher lending limits than us. In addition, with greater financial resources, they may be able to offer longer maturities or lower rates. Our competitors may also provide certain products and services for their customers, such as technological solutions, trust services and international banking, that we are unable to offer or may only be able to offer indirectly through correspondent relationships. Ultimately, competition can reduce our profitability, as well as make it more difficult to increase the size of our loan portfolio and deposit base. 
 
 Our growth strategy involves risks. 
 
 Over the past seven years, we have completed the acquisition of Bank of Feather River, two branch purchase and assumption transactions, the establishment of a new branch office in Reno, Nevada and a loan production office in Klamath Falls, Oregon. We may engage in additional acquisition activity and open additional offices in the future to expand our markets and further our growth strategy. Acquiring other banks or branches involves various other risks commonly associated with acquisitions including difficulty in estimating the value of the business to be acquired, integrating the operations, and retaining key employees and customers. We cannot assure that future acquisitions or new offices will be successful. Further, growth may strain our administrative, managerial, financial and operational resources and increase demands on our systems and controls. If we pursue our growth strategy too aggressively or fail to attract qualified personnel, control costs or maintain asset quality, or if factors beyond management s control divert attention away from our business operations, our pursuit of growth could have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 Our implementation of the current Expected Credit Loss (CECL) model will significantly change how we recognize credit losses, could require that we increase our allowance for loan losses and may materially impact our results of operations, financial condition or liquidity. 
 
 Beginning January 1, 2023, we are subject to new accounting standard ASU No. 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The new standard significantly changes how entities measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that aren t measured at fair value through net income. 

13

Table of Contents 

The new standard replaces the earlier incurred loss approach with an expected loss model. The new model, referred to as the current expected credit loss CECL model, applies to: (1) financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized cost, and (2) certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. This includes, but is not limited to, loans, leases, held-to-maturity securities, loan commitments, and financial guarantees. The CECL model does not apply to available-for-sale AFS debt securities. For AFS debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to what they do today, except that the losses will be recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. The ASU also simplifies the accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans. ASU No. 2016-13 also expands the disclosure requirements regarding an entity s assumptions, models, and methods for estimating the allowance for loan and lease losses. Entities will apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective (i.e., modified retrospective approach). 
 
 To implement the CECL model, we established an implementation t eam chaired by our Chief Lending Officer and composed of members of our credit administration and accounting departments, invested in technology to support the CECL calculation of the allowance for loan losses and engaged a consultant to review our CECL model and to assist us in documenting aspects of the CECL model. Based on the loan portfolio composition, characteristics and quality of the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, and the current economic environment, management estimates that the total allowance for loan losses will increase by between 500,000 and 800,000 . The estimated decline in equity, net of tax, will range from 350,000 to 550,000. The economic conditions, forecasts and assumptions used in the model could be significantly different in future periods. The impact of the change in the allowance on our results of operations in a provision for credit losses will depend on the current period net charge-offs, level of loan originations, and change in mix of the loan portfolio. The ranges noted above exclude any impact to the Company's reserve for unfunded commitments, which is expected to increase by between 250,000 and 350,000. The estimated decline in equity, net of tax, will range from 175,000 to 250,000. As time progresses and the results of economic conditions require model assumption inputs to change, further refinements to the estimation process may also be identified. 

The federal banking regulators, including the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, have adopted a rule that gives a banking organization the option to phase in over a three-year period the day-one adverse effects of CECL on its regulatory capital.

The accuracy of our financial statements and related disclosures could be affected if the judgments, assumptions or estimates used in our critical accounting policies are inaccurate. 
 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting policies, which are included in "Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations," describe those significant accounting polices and methods used in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements that we consider critical because they require judgments, assumptions and estimates that materially affect our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures. As a result, if future events or regulatory views concerning such analysis differ significantly form the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting polices, those events or assumptions could have a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, in each case resulting in our need to revise or restate prior period financial statements, cause damage to our reputation and the price of our common stock and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Security breaches and technological disruptions could damage our reputation and profitability. 
 
 Our electronic banking activities expose us to possible liability and harm to our reputation should an unauthorized party gain access to confidential customer information. Despite our considerable efforts and investment to provide the security and authentication necessary to effect secure transmission of data, we cannot guarantee that these precautions will protect our systems from security compromises or breaches. Although we have developed systems and processes that are designed to recognize and assist in preventing security breaches (and periodically test our security), a failure to protect against or mitigate breaches of security could adversely affect our ability to offer and grow our online services, constitute a breach of privacy or other laws, result in costly litigation and loss of customer relationships, negatively impact our reputation, and could have an adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. We may also incur substantial increases in costs in an effort to minimize or mitigate cyber security risks and to respond to cyber incidents. 
 
 The potential for operational risk exposure exists throughout our business. Integral to our performance is the continued efficacy of our technology and information systems, operational infrastructure and relationships with third parties and colleagues in day-to-day and ongoing operations. A failure by any or all of these resources subjects us to risks that may vary in size, scale and scope. This includes, but is not limited to, operational or systems failures, disruption of client operations and activities, ineffectiveness or exposure due to interruption in third party support as well as the loss of key colleagues or failure on the part of key colleagues to perform properly. 
 
 We face risks relating to our reliance on third party vendors. 
 
 We outsource a large portion of our data processing to third parties who may encounter technological or other difficulties that could in turn significantly limit or affect our ability to process and account for customer transactions. These vendors provide services that support our operations, including the storage and processing of sensitive consumer and business customer data, as well as our sales efforts. A cyber security breach of a vendor s system may result in theft of our data or disruption of business processes. In most cases, we would be primarily liable to our customers for losses arising from a breach of a vendor s data security system. 
 
 We also rely on our outsourced service providers to implement and maintain prudent cyber security controls. The loss of these vendor relationships could disrupt the services we provide to customers and cause us to incur significant expense in connection with replacing these services. 

14

Table of Contents 

The Company depends primarily on the operations of the Bank to pay dividends, repurchase shares, repay its indebtedness and fund its operations. The Bank s ability to pay dividends to the Company depends on the success of the Bank s operations. 
 
 The Company is a separate and distinct legal entity from its subsidiary, the Bank, and it receives substantially all of its revenue from dividends paid by the Bank. There are legal limitations on the extent to which the Bank may extend credit, pay dividends or otherwise supply funds to, or engage in transactions with, the Company. The Company s inability to receive dividends from the Bank could adversely affect its business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Even if applicable laws and regulations would permit the Bank to pay dividends to the Company and would permit the Company to pay dividends to our shareholders, our Board of Directors could determine that it is not in the best interest of the Company s shareholders to do so in order to preserve or redeploy our capital resources, for example. For these reasons, the amount and frequency of dividends that we pay to shareholders may vary from time to time. 
 
 A reduction in the value, or impairment of our investment securities, can impact our earnings and common shareholders' equity. 
 
 Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP requires that we carry our available-for-sale investment securities at fair value on our balance sheet. Unrealized gains or losses on these securities, reflecting the difference between the fair market value and the amortized cost, net of its tax effect, are reported as a component of shareholders equity. In certain instances, GAAP requires recognition through earnings of declines in the fair value of securities that are deemed to be other than temporarily impaired. Changes in the fair value of these securities may result from a number of circumstances that are beyond our control, such as changes in interest rates, the financial condition of municipalities, government sponsored enterprises or insurers of municipal bonds, changes in demand for these securities as a result of economic conditions, or reduced market liquidity. If our investment securities decline in market value and other than temporary impairments of these assets results, we would be required to recognize a loss which could have a material adverse effect on our net income and capital levels. 
 
 Damage to our reputation could significantly harm our business and prospects. 
 
 Our reputation is an important asset. Our relationship with many of our customers is predicated upon our reputation as a high-quality provider of financial services that adheres to the highest standards of ethics, service quality and regulatory compliance. Our ability to attract and retain customers, investors and employees depends upon external perceptions. Damage to our reputation among existing and potential customers, investors and employees could cause significant harm to our business and prospects and may arise from numerous sources, including litigation or regulatory actions, failing to deliver minimum standards of service and quality, lending practices, inadequate protection of customer information, sales and marketing efforts, compliance failures, unethical behavior and the misconduct of employees. Adverse developments in the banking industry may also, by association, negatively impact our reputation or result in greater regulatory or legislative scrutiny or litigation against us. We have policies and procedures in place intended to protect our reputation and promote ethical conduct, but these policies and procedures may not be fully effective. Negative publicity regarding our business, employees, or customers, with or without merit, may result in the loss of customers, investors, and employees, costly litigation, a decline in revenues and increased governmental regulation. 
 
 We are exposed to risk of environmental liabilities with respect to real properties that we may acquire. 
 
 If our borrowers are unable to meet their loan repayment obligations, we will initiate foreclosure proceedings with respect to and may take actions to acquire title to the personal and real property that collateralized their loans. As an owner of such properties, we could become subject to environmental liabilities and incur substantial costs for any property damage, personal injury, investigation and clean-up that may be required due to any environmental contamination that may be found to exist at any of those properties, even though we did not engage in the activities that led to such contamination. In addition, if we were the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we could be subject to common law claims by third parties seeking damages for environmental contamination emanating from the site. If we were to become subject to significant environmental liabilities or costs, our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects could be adversely affected. 

15

Table of Contents 

Risks Related to Regulation of the Company and the Bank 
 
 We are subject to extensive regulation and may face regulatory enforcement actions, incur fines, penalties and other negative consequences from regulatory violations. 
 
 Our operations are subject to extensive regulation by federal, state and local governmental authorities and are subject to various laws and judicial and administrative decisions imposing requirements and restrictions on our operations. Over time, our business has been increasingly affected by the growing breadth of these regulations, and this trend is likely to continue. Federal and state banking regulators have significant discretion and authority to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or violations of laws or regulations by bank holding companies and banks in the performance of their supervisory and enforcement duties. If banking regulators determine that we have violated laws or engaged in unsafe or unsound practices, we could face enforcement actions, incur fines, penalties, and other negative consequences. While we maintain systems and procedures designed to ensure that we comply with applicable laws and regulations, we cannot be certain that these will be effective. We may also suffer other negative consequences resulting from findings of noncompliance with laws and regulations which may also damage our reputation, and this in turn might materially affect our business and results of operations. Further, some legal/regulatory frameworks provide for the imposition of fines, restitution, or penalties for noncompliance even though the noncompliance was inadvertent or unintentional and even though there were in place at the time systems and procedures designed to ensure compliance. 
 
 Our participation in the SBA PPP loan program exposes us to risks related to noncompliance with the PPP, as well as litigation risk related to our administration of the PPP loan program, which could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are a participating lender in the PPP, a loan program administered through the SBA which was created to help eligible businesses, organizations and self-employed persons fund their operational costs during the COVID-19 pandemic. We fun ded 2,256 PPP loans in the aggregate principal amount of 197 million an d BFR funded 562 PPP loans in the aggregate principal amount of 60 million through December 31, 2022. Under the PPP, the SBA guarantees 100 of the amounts loaned under the PPP. There is some ambiguity in the laws, rules and guidance regarding the operation of the PPP, which exposes us to risks relating to noncompliance with the PPP. In addition, a few other financial institutions have experienced litigation related to their process and procedures used in processing applications for the PPP. Any financial liability, regulatory enforcement, litigation costs or reputational damage stemming from our participation in the PPP and any related litigation could have a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, we may be exposed to credit risk on PPP loans if the SBA determines that there is a deficiency in the manner we originated, funded or serviced a PPP loan. If the SBA identifies a deficiency, the SBA may deny its liability under the guaranty for the affected loan or loans, reduce the amount of the guaranty, or, if it has already paid under the guaranty, seek recovery of any loss related to the deficiency. 
 
 General Risk Factors 
 
 The trading price of our common stock may be volatile or may decline. 
 
 The trading price of our common stock may fluctuate as a result of a number of factors, many of which are outside our control. Among the factors that could affect the trading price of our common stock are: 

actual or anticipated quarterly fluctuations in our operating results and financial condition; 

research reports and recommendations by financial analysts; 

failure to meet analysts revenue or earnings estimates; 

speculation in the press or investment community; 

16

Table of Contents 

our actions or those of our competitors, such as acquisitions or restructurings; 

actions by institutional shareholders; 

fluctuations in the stock prices and operating results of other financial institutions; 

general market conditions and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for the financial services industry; 

proposed or adopted regulatory changes or developments; 

anticipated or pending investigations, proceedings or litigation that involve or affect us; 

domestic and international economic factors unrelated to our performance. 

A significant decline in the trading price of our common stock price could result in substantial losses for individual shareholders and could lead to costly and disruptive securities litigation. 
 
 The trading volume of our common stock is limited. 
 
 Although our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Stock Market, trading volume to date has been relatively modest. The limited trading market for our common stock may lead to exaggerated fluctuations in market prices and possible market inefficiencies compared to more actively traded securities. It may also make it more difficult for investors to sell our common stock at desired prices, especially for holders seeking to dispose of a large number of shares of stock. 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 
 We have designed and implemented controls and procedures to provide reasonable assurance that the information we are required to disclose in the reports that we file with the SEC under the Exchange Act is accurately accumulated and communicated to our management, and recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. However, no disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well conceived and operated, can provide absolute assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, that alternative reasoned judgments can be drawn, or that breakdowns can occur because of a simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control systems, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected, which could result in a material weakness in our internal controls over financial reporting and the correction or restatement of previously disclosed financial statements or information. 
 
 We rely on key executives and personnel and the loss of any of them could have a material adverse impact on our prospects. 
 
 Competition for qualified employees and personnel in the banking industry is intense and there are a limited number of qualified persons with knowledge of, and experience in, the California and Nevada community banking industry. The process of recruiting personnel with the combination of skills and attributes required to carry out the Company s strategies is often lengthy. Our success depends to a significant degree upon our ability to attract and retain qualified management, loan origination, finance, administrative, marketing, compliance, and technical personnel and upon the continued contributions of our management and personnel. In particular, our success has been and continues to be highly dependent upon the abilities and relationships of key executives and certain other employees. 
 
 Climate change may materially adversely affect the Company's business and results of operations. 
 
 Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and will continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. Consumers and businesses also may change their behavior on their own as a result of these concerns. We and our clients will need to respond to new laws and regulations as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. We and our clients may face cost increases, asset value reductions and operating process changes. The impact on our clients will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. Among the impacts to us could be a drop in demand for our products and services, particularly in certain industry sectors. In addition, we could face reductions in creditworthiness on the part of some clients or in the value of assets securing loans. Our efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing our business with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting us from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. 
 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 
 Not applicable. 

17

Table of Contents 

ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 
 Of the Company s fourteen depository branches, twelve are owned and two are leased. Our Yuba City branch is classified as owned; however, it is subject to a long term land lease. The Company also leases three lending offices and three administrative offices and owns three administrative facilities. 

Owned Properties 

35 South Lindan Avenue 
 32 Central Avenue 
 80 W. Main St. 

Quincy, California (1) 
 Quincy, California (1) 
 Quincy, California (1) 

215 N. Lake Boulevard 
 336 West Main Street 
 120 North Pine Street 

Tahoe City, California 
 Quincy, California 
 Portola, California 

43163 Highway 299 E 
 121 Crescent Street 
 255 Main Street 

Fall River Mills, California 
 Greenville, California 
 Chester, California 

510 North Main Street 
 3000 Riverside Drive 
 8475 North Lake Boulevard 

Alturas, California 
 Susanville, California 
 Kings Beach, California 

11638 Donner Pass Road 
 5050 Meadowood Mall Circle 
 1280 Bridge St. 

Truckee, California 
 Reno, Nevada 
 Yuba City, California (4) 

900 Mangrove Avenue 

Chico, California (5) 

Leased Properties 

100 Amber Grove Dr. Suite 105 
 1335 Hilltop Drive 
 11641 Blocker Dr. Suite 140 

Chico, CA (3) 
 Redding, California 
 Auburn, California (2) 

1101 N. Carson St. 
 107 S. 7 th St. 
 5525 Kietzke Lane, Suite 100 

Carson City, Nevada 
 Klamath Falls, OR (3) 
 Reno, Nevada (1) 

424 N. Mill Creek 
 495 Idaho Street #102 

Quincy, California (1) 
 Elko, Nevada (1) 

(1) Non-branch administrative or credit administrative offices. 
 (2) SBA lending office. 
 (3) Commercial lending office. 
 (4) Branch subject to long term land lease. 
 (5) Future home to our Chico, California branch. This branch is expected to open for business early second quarter 2023. 

Including variable lease expense, total rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 were 611,000, 507,000 and 407,000, respectively. The expiration dates of the leases vary, with the first such lease expiring during 2024 and the last such lease expiring during 2044. 
 
 Future minimum lease payments for operating leases having initial or remaining noncancelable lease terms in excess of one year are as follows: 

Year Ending December 31, 

2023 

539,000 

2024 

481,000 

2025 

385,000 

2026 

263,000 

2027 

232,000 

Thereafter 

2,830,000 

4,730,000 

The Company maintains insurance coverage on its premises, leaseholds and equipment, including business interruption and record reconstruction coverage. The branch properties and non-branch offices are adequate, suitable, in good condition and have adequate parking facilities for customers and employees. The Company and Bank are limited in their investments in real property under Federal and state banking laws. Generally, investments in real property are either for the Company and Bank use or are in real property and real property interests in the ordinary course of the Bank s business. 

18

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 
 From time to time, the Company and/or its subsidiary are a party to claims and legal proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of the Company's management, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to such proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on the financial condition or results of operations of the Company taken as a whole. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 
 Not applicable. 

19

Table of Contents 

PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCK HOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 
 
 The Company s common stock is traded on the NASDAQ Capital Market under the ticker symbol "PLBC". As of December 31, 2022, there wer e 5,850,216 shares of the Company s common stock outstanding held by approximatel y 2,250 shareholders of record. 
 
 It is the policy of the Company to periodically distribute excess retained earnings to the shareholders through the payment of cash dividends. Our Board of Directors believes that dividends help promote shareholder value and capital adequacy by enhancing the marketability of the Company s stock. During 2022 the Company paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.16 per share on each of November 15, 2022, August 15, 2022, May 16, 2022 and February 15, 2022. During 2021 the Company paid quarterly cash dividends of 0.14 per share on each of November 15, 2021, August 16, 2021, May 17, 2021 and February 15, 2021. During 2020 the Company paid three quarterly 0.12 per share dividends, one each on May 15, 2020, August 14, 2020 and November 16, 2020. 
 
 The payment of future dividends is at the discretion of the Board. The Board generally considers the payment of dividends each quarter based on a number of factors, including our results of operations, general business conditions, growth, financial condition, anticipated capital needs and other factors deemed relevant by the Board. 
 
 Further, the Company is subject to various restrictions on the payment of dividends. See Note 13 Shareholders Equity Dividend Restrictions of the Company s Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. We did not repurchase any shares of our common stock during the quarterly period ended December 31, 2022. 

20

Table of Contents 

The following table presents a summary of selected financial data and should be read in conjunction with the Company s consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included under Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

At or for the year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2019 

2018 

(dollars in thousands except per share information) 

Statement of Income 

Interest income 

59,758 

48,070 

39,624 

39,302 

34,322 

Interest expense 

1,249 

1,136 

1,228 

1,747 

1,236 

Net interest income 

58,509 

46,934 

38,396 

37,555 

33,086 

Provision for loan losses 

1,300 

1,125 

3,175 

1,500 

1,000 

Non-interest income 

11,050 

8,716 

8,463 

8,135 

8,881 

Non-interest expense 

32,590 

26,038 

23,732 

22,810 

21,841 

Net income before income taxes 

35,669 

28,487 

19,952 

21,380 

19,126 

Provision for income taxes 

9,225 

7,478 

5,477 

5,868 

5,134 

Net income 

26,444 

21,009 

14,475 

15,512 

13,992 

Total assets 

1,621,044 

1,614,074 

1,111,576 

865,191 

824,398 

Total gross loans 

911,949 

838,587 

709,246 

617,561 

564,898 

Loans held for sale 

2,301 

31,277 

693 

2,123 

1,301 

Allowance for loan losses 

10,717 

10,352 

9,902 

7,243 

6,958 

Total deposits 

1,457,809 

1,438,999 

973,974 

747,324 

726,565 

Total shareholders equity 

119,004 

134,082 

100,154 

84,505 

66,932 

Balance sheet (period average) 

Total assets 

1,642,895 

1,386,028 

1,015,297 

852,664 

764,326 

Total gross loans 

856,728 

785,527 

695,024 

586,672 

513,689 

Loans held for sale 

8,771 

15,258 

4,231 

2,186 

4,937 

Total deposits 

1,487,346 

1,231,618 

886,515 

747,196 

677,829 

Total shareholders equity 

120,868 

117,967 

93,152 

76,737 

60,080 

Asset quality ratios 

Nonperforming loans/total loans 

0.13 

0.58 

0.36 

0.33 

0.20 

Nonperforming assets/total assets 

0.07 

0.33 

0.27 

0.33 

0.28 

Allowance for loan losses/total loans 

1.18 

1.23 

1.40 

1.17 

1.23 

Net loan charge-offs 

935 

675 

516 

1,215 

711 

Performance ratios 

Return on average assets 

1.61 

1.52 

1.43 

1.82 

1.83 

Return on average equity 

21.9 

17.8 

15.5 

20.2 

23.3 

Net interest margin 

3.82 

3.63 

4.02 

4.75 

4.70 

Loans to deposits 

62.6 

58.3 

72.9 

82.6 

77.7 

Efficiency ratio (1) 

46.9 

46.8 

50.6 

49.9 

52.0 

Per share information 

Basic earnings 

4.53 

3.82 

2.80 

3.01 

2.74 

Diluted earnings 

4.47 

3.76 

2.77 

2.97 

2.68 

Common cash dividends 

0.64 

0.56 

0.36 

0.46 

0.36 

Book value per common share 

20.34 

23.05 

19.33 

16.36 

13.03 

Common shares outstanding at period end 

5,850,216 

5,816,991 

5,182,232 

5,165,760 

5,137,476 

Capital ratios Plumas Bank 

Leverage ratio 

9.2 

8.4 

9.2 

10.4 

9.3 

Tier 1 risk-based capital 

14.7 

14.4 

14.2 

13.1 

11.8 

Total risk-based capital 

15.7 

15.5 

15.4 

14.2 

13.0 

(1) The efficiency ratio is defined as non-interest expense divided by total revenue (net interest income and non-interest income) 

ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

21

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 
 General 
 
 Plumas Bancorp is a bank holding company for Plumas Bank, a California state-chartered commercial bank. We derive our income primarily from interest received on real estate related, commercial, automobile and consumer loans and, to a lesser extent, interest on investment securities and cash balances, fees received in connection with servicing deposit and loan customers and gains from the sale of government guaranteed loans. Our major operating expenses are the interest we pay on deposits and borrowings and general operating expenses. We rely on locally-generated deposits to provide us with funds for making loans. 
 
 We are subject to competition from other financial institutions and our operating results, like those of other financial institutions operating in California and Northern Nevada, are significantly influenced by economic conditions in California and Northern Nevada, including the strength of the real estate market. In addition, both the fiscal and regulatory policies of the federal and state government and regulatory authorities that govern financial institutions and market interest rates also impact the Bank s financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 U.S. Small Business Administration Paycheck Protection Program 
 
 The CARES Act provided for the Paycheck Protection Program (PPP) and additional legislation extended this program into 2021; we have actively participated in the PPP program. The remaining principal balance of PPP loans at December 31, 2022 was 300 thousand and the remaining balance of deferred fees related to these loans totaled 18 thousand at December 31, 2022. For the years ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 we recognized PPP fees, net of costs, totaling 1.3 million and 6.1 million, respectively. 
 
 Merger Agreement with Feather River Bancorp, Inc. 
 
 On July 1, 2021, pursuant to a previously announced Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger dated as of March 10, 2021 (the Merger Agreement between the Company and Feather River Bancorp, Inc. FRB ), FRB merged with and into the Company with the Company continuing as the surviving corporation (the Merger ). Immediately after the Merger, Bank of Feather River, the wholly owned bank subsidiary of FRB BFR ), merged with and into the Bank, with the Bank continuing as the surviving bank. BFR has become our Yuba City branch. The Merger and Bank Merger are collectively referred to as the Transaction. 
 
 As part of its business strategy, the Company regularly reviews its business strategies and opportunities to enhance the value of its franchise, including through acquisitions. The Transaction is consistent with the Company s business strategy, which will (1) expand Plumas geographic presence into new markets in Northern California, (2) diversify and bring new expertise to Plumas agricultural lending business, and (3) strengthen the Company s talent base. 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the definitive merger agreement between the Company and FRB, each issued and outstanding share of common stock of FRB (the Common Shares ), was converted into the right to receive, at the election of each holder of Common Shares, either (i) shares of common stock of the Company Plumas Common Stock or (ii) cash (the Merger Consideration ). Shareholder elections were subject to proration such that aggregate Merger Consideration payable by the Company was comprised of (i) 4,738,583 in cash (the Aggregate Cash Amount and (ii) 598,020 shares of Plumas Common Stock (the Aggregate Plumas Share Amount ). Holders of Common Shares received either 19.14 in cash or 0.614 shares of Plumas Common Stock. The value of the total deal consideration was approximately 23.4 million, which is based upon the volume-weighted average trading price of Plumas common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the last trading day immediately preceding July 1, 2021, the closing date of the Merger. 
 
 Immediately after the Transaction, the newly combined company, operating as Plumas Bancorp with its banking subsidiary, Plumas Bank, had total assets of approximately 1.5 billion. The estimated fair value of assets acquired at July 1, 2021 was 205.0 million consisting of 28.4 million in cash, 160.4 million in net loans, 1.0 million in core deposit intangible, 5.5 million in goodwill and 9.7 million in other assets. The estimated fair value of deposits assumed totaled 176.7 million consisting of 89.5 million in non-interest bearing transaction accounts, 9.3 million in savings accounts, 45.6 million in money market accounts and 32.3 million in time deposits. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies 
 
 Our accounting policies are integral to understanding the financial results reported. Our most complex accounting policies require management s judgment to ascertain the valuation of assets, liabilities, commitments and contingencies. We have established detailed policies and internal control procedures that are intended to ensure valuation methods are applied in an environment that is designed and operating effectively and applied consistently from period to period. The following is a brief description of our current accounting policies involving significant management valuation judgments. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses. The allowance for loan losses is an estimate of credit losses inherent in the Company's loan portfolio that have been incurred as of the balance-sheet date. The allowance is established through a provision for loan losses which is charged to expense. Additions to the allowance are expected to maintain the adequacy of the total allowance after credit losses and loan growth. Credit exposures determined to be uncollectible are charged against the allowance. Cash received on previously charged off amounts is recorded as a recovery to the allowance. The overall allowance consists of two primary components, specific reserves related to impaired loans and general reserves for inherent losses related to loans that are collectively evaluated for impairment. 
 
 We evaluate our allowance for loan losses quarterly. We believe that the allowance for loan losses is a critical accounting estimate because it is based upon management s assessment of various factors affecting the collectability of the loans, including current economic conditions, past credit experience, delinquency status, the value of the underlying collateral, if any, and a continuing review of the portfolio of loans. 
 
 We cannot provide you with any assurance that economic difficulties or other circumstances which would adversely affect our borrowers and their ability to repay outstanding loans will not occur which would be reflected in increased losses in our loan portfolio, which could result in actual losses that exceed reserves previously established. 

22

Table of Contents 

The following discussion is designed to provide a better understanding of significant trends related to the Company's financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital. It pertains to the Company's financial condition, changes in financial condition and results of operations as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 and for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022. The discussion should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and notes thereto and the other financial information appearing elsewhere herein. 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Company recorded net income of 26.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 5.4 million or 26 from net income of 21.0 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Pretax income increased by 7.2 million, or 25 , to 35.7 million in 2022 from 28.5 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. Results for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and six months ended December 31, 2021, benefited from the acquisition of the Bank of Feather River (BFR), the wholly owned subsidiary of Feather River Bancorp, effective July 1, 2021. Total assets acquired from BFR, including goodwill, were 205 million. Loans acquired in the acquisition totaled 160 million and deposits totaled 177 million. Goodwill associated with the acquisition of Feather River Bancorp was 5.5 million and the core deposit intangible was 1.0 million. 
 
 In connection with the acquisition, the Company incurred a variety of non-recurring expenses. There were no material non-recurring expenses related to the acquisition during 2022. The non-recurring costs, exclusive of salaries and benefits, for the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, were 692 thousand consisting of 292 thousand in consulting costs including investment advisor fees, 171 thousand in legal expense, 175 thousand in outside service costs and 54 thousand in other expenses. 
 
 During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, PPP fees net of the amortization of PPP origination costs were 1.3 million. This compares to 6.1 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 During the second and third quarters of 2021 the Company qualified for the Employee Retention Credit (ERC). The ERC was made available under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and modified and extended under the Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020. We recorded an ERC of 1.1 million during the 2021 second quarter and 1.2 million during the 2021 third quarter as a reduction of salary and benefit expense. 
 
 The provision for loan losses increased from 1.1 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021 to 1.3 million during 2022. 
 
 Net interest income increased by 11.6 million to 58.5 million during 2022 from 46.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase in net interest income resulted from an increase in interest income of 11.7 million partially offset by an increase in interest expense of 113 thousand. Interest and fees on loans, including loans held for sale, increased by 2.4 million, interest on investment securities increased by 4.7 million and interest on other interest earning assets increased by 4.6 million. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 , non-interest income totaled 11.0 million, an increase of 2.3 million from the 8.7 million earned during 2021. Non-interest expense increased by 6.6 million from 26.0 million during 2021 to 32.6 million during the twelve months ending December 31, 2022. The provision for income taxes increased by 1.7 million from 7.5 million in 2021 to 9.2 million during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Total assets at December 31, 2022 were 1.6 billion, an increase of 7 million from December 31, 2021. The largest components of this increase were increases of 75 million in net loans, 139 million in investment securities and 18 million in accrued interest and other assets. These items were mostly offset by reductions of 197 million in cash and due from banks and 29 million in loans held for sale. 
 
 Gross loans, excluding loans held for sale, increased by 73 million, or 9 , from 839 million at December 31, 2021, to 912 million at December 31, 2022. Increases in loans included 97 million in commercial real estate loans, 8 million in automobile loans and 3 million in equity lines of credit; these items were partially offset by decreases of 23 million in commercial loans, 8 million in construction loans and 4 million in agricultural loans. Excluding PPP loan activity, commercial loans would have increased by 11 million and gross loans would have increased by 107 million or 13 . PPP loans totaled 300 thousand at December 31, 2022, and 35 million at December 31, 2021. Loans held for sale represent the guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company had 2.3 million and 31.3 million, respectively in SBA government guaranteed loans held for sale. 
 
 Total deposits increased by 18.8 million from 1.4 billion at December 31, 2021 to 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022. The increase in deposits includes increases of 30 million in demand deposits and 27 million in savings accounts. These increases were partially offset by declines of 23 million in money market accounts, and 15 million in time deposits. At December 31, 2022, 53 of the Company s deposits were in the form of non-interest bearing demand deposits. 
 
 Shareholders equity decreased by 15.1 million from 134.1 million at December 31, 2021 to 119.0 million at December 31, 2022. The 15.1 million decrease was related to a reduction in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss of 38.4 million from accumulated other comprehensive income of 1.6 million at December 31, 2021 to an accumulated other comprehensive loss of 36.8 million at December 31, 2022. In addition, shareholder dividends decreased shareholders equity by 3.7 million. These items were partially offset by earnings during 2022 of 26.4 million and 571 thousand representing stock option and restricted stock activity. 
 
 Return on average assets was 1.61 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, up from 1.52 during 2021. Return on average equity increased to 21.9 for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, up from 17.8 during 2021. 

23

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 
 Net Interest Income 
 
 The following table presents, for the years indicated, the distribution of consolidated average assets, liabilities and shareholders' equity. Average balances are based on average daily balances. It also presents the amounts of interest income from interest-earning assets and the resultant yields expressed in both dollars and yield percentages, as well as the amounts of interest expense on interest-bearing liabilities and the resultant cost expressed in both dollars and rate percentages. Nonaccrual loans are included in the calculation of average loans while nonaccrued interest thereon is excluded from the computation of yields earned. 

Year ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest 

Rates 

Interest 

Rates 

Interest 

Rates 

Average 

income/ 

earned/ 

Average 

income/ 

earned/ 

Average 

income/ 

earned/ 

balance 

expense 

paid 

balance 

expense 

paid 

balance 

expense 

paid 

(dollars in thousands) 

Assets 

Interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks 

305,095 

4,923 

1.61 

253,023 

345 

0.14 

95,591 

210 

0.22 

Taxable investment securities 

258,732 

6,409 

2.48 

164,199 

2,746 

1.67 

119,968 

2,451 

2.04 

Non-taxable investment securities (1) 

103,366 

2,722 

2.63 

75,673 

1,666 

2.20 

39,576 

983 

2.48 

Loans held for sale 

8,771 

510 

5.81 

15,258 

826 

5.41 

4,231 

254 

6.00 

Total loans (2)(3) 

856,728 

45,194 

5.28 

785,527 

42,487 

5.41 

695,024 

35,726 

5.14 

Total earning assets 

1,532,692 

59,758 

3.90 

1,293,680 

48,070 

3.72 

954,390 

39,624 

4.15 

Cash and due from banks 

40,520 

44,396 

23,654 

Other assets 

69,683 

47,952 

37,253 

Total assets 

1,642,895 

1,386,028 

1,015,297 

Liabilities and shareholders equity 

Interest bearing demand deposits 

- 

- 

0.00 

- 

- 

0.00 

97,395 

77 

0.08 

Money market deposits 

254,723 

284 

0.11 

224,776 

307 

0.14 

115,203 

278 

0.24 

Savings deposits 

400,314 

376 

0.09 

306,911 

280 

0.09 

212,470 

278 

0.13 

Time deposits 

59,016 

163 

0.28 

53,976 

193 

0.36 

38,003 

199 

0.52 

Junior subordinated debentures 

10,310 

359 

3.48 

10,310 

348 

3.38 

10,310 

385 

3.73 

Repurchase agreements and other 

12,327 

67 

0.54 

13,419 

8 

0.06 

11,899 

11 

0.09 

Total interest-bearing liabilities 

736,690 

1,249 

0.17 

609,392 

1,136 

0.19 

485,280 

1,228 

0.25 

Noninterest bearing demand deposits 

773,293 

645,955 

423,444 

Other liabilities 

12,044 

12,714 

13,421 

Shareholders equity 

120,868 

117,967 

93,152 

Total liabilities and shareholders equity 

1,642,895 

1,386,028 

1,015,297 

Net interest income 

58,509 

46,934 

38,396 

Net interest spread (4) 

3.73 

3.53 

3.90 

Net interest margin (5) 

3.82 

3.63 

4.02 

(1) 
 Interest income is reflected on an actual basis and is not computed on a tax-equivalent basis. 

(2) 
 Average nonaccrual loan balances of 2.8 million for 2022, 4.4 million for 2021 and 2.3 million for 2020 are included in average loan balances for computational purposes. 

(3) 
 Loan origination fees and costs are included in interest income as adjustments of the loan yields over the life of the loan using the interest method. Loan interest income includes net loan fees of 234 thousand, 5.7 million and 1.4 million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

(4) 
 Net interest spread represents the average yield earned on interest-earning assets less the average rate paid on interest-bearing liabilities. 

(5) 
 Net interest margin is computed by dividing net interest income by total average earning assets. 

24

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth changes in interest income and interest expense, for the years indicated and the amount of change attributable to variances in volume, rates and the combination of volume and rates based on the relative changes of volume and rates: 

2022 compared to 2021 

2021 compared to 2020 

Increase (decrease) due to change in: 

Increase (decrease) due to change in: 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Average 

Volume(1) 

Rate(2) 

Mix(3) 

Total 

Volume(1) 

Rate(2) 

Mix(3) 

Total 

(dollars in thousands) 

Interest-earning assets: 

Interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks 

71 

3,738 

769 

4,578 

346 

(80) 

(131) 

135 

Taxable investment securities 

1,581 

1,321 

761 

3,663 

904 

(445) 

(164) 

295 

Non-taxable investment securities 

610 

327 

119 

1,056 

897 

(112) 

(102) 

683 

Loans held for sale 

(351) 

61 

(26) 

(316) 

662 

(25) 

(65) 

572 

Loans 

3,851 

(1,049) 

(95) 

2,707 

4,652 

1,866 

243 

6,761 

Total interest income 

5,762 

4,398 

1,528 

11,688 

7,461 

1,204 

(219) 

8,446 

Interest-bearing liabilities: 

Interest bearing demand deposits 

- 

- 

- 

- 

(77) 

- 

- 

(77) 

Money market deposits 

41 

(56) 

(8) 

(23) 

265 

(121) 

(115) 

29 

Savings deposits 

85 

8 

3 

96 

123 

(84) 

(37) 

2 

Time deposits 

18 

(44) 

(4) 

(30) 

84 

(63) 

(27) 

(6) 

Junior subordinated debentures 

- 

11 

- 

11 

- 

(37) 

- 

(37) 

Repurchase agreements and other 

(1) 

65 

(5) 

59 

1 

(4) 

- 

(3) 

Total interest expense 

143 

(16) 

(14) 

113 

396 

(309) 

(179) 

(92) 

Net interest income 

5,619 

4,414 

1,542 

11,575 

7,065 

1,513 

(40) 

8,538 

(1) 
 The volume change in net interest income represents the change in average balance multiplied by the previous year s rate. 

(2) 
 The rate change in net interest income represents the change in rate multiplied by the previous year s average balance. 

(3) 
 The mix change in net interest income represents the change in average balance multiplied by the change in rate. 

2022 compared to 2021. Net interest income is the difference between interest income and interest expense. Net interest income increased by 11.6 million to 58.5 million during 2022 from 46.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Driven by a large increase in the federal funds rate during 2022, interest income increased by 11.7 million from 48.1 million during 2021 to 59.8 million during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. The increase in the federal funds rate had a much smaller affect on the Company's interest expense which increased by 113 thousand to 1.2 million. Interest and fees on loans, including loans held for sale, increased by 2.4 million, interest on investment securities increased by 4.7 million and interest on interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks increased by 4.6 million. Net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 19 basis points to 3.82 , up from 3.63 during 2021. 

25

Table of Contents 

The 2.4 million increase in interest and fees on loans and loans held for sale resulted from an increase in average balance of 65 million partially offset by a decrease in yield of 13 basis points to 5.28 . Included in interest and fees on loans during the current year were PPP fees net of costs of 1.3 million, a decrease of 4.8 million from 6.1 million during 2021. Excluding interest and fees on PPP loans, loan yield would have increased by 13 basis points to 5.18 for the current year compared to 5.05 during the twelve months ended December 31, 2021. Interest on investment securities increased by 4.7 million related to an increase in average balance of 122 million and an increase in yield of 68 basis points from 1.84 during 2021 to 2.52 during 2022. Yield on taxable investment securities increased by 81 basis points and yield on non-taxable investment securities increased by 43 basis points. Interest on interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks, which primarily relates to interest on cash balances held at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, increased by 4.6 million related to an increase in average balance of 52 million and an increase in the average rate paid on these balances from 0.14 during 2021 to 1.61 during 2022. This is consistent with the increase in the federal funds rate during 2022 from an average of 0.13 during 2021 to an average of 1.76 during 2022. 
 
 Interest expense on deposits increased by 43 thousand to 823 thousand during 2022, up from 780 thousand during 2021. The average rate paid on interest bearing deposits decreased slightly from 0.13 during 2021 to 0.12 during 2022, while average interest bearing deposits increased by 128 million to 714 million. In recent months, market rates for deposits have increased significantly and we would expect in 2023 an increase in our cost of interest bearing deposits. 
 
 Interest expense on junior subordinated debentures increased by 11 thousand from 348 thousand during 2021 to 359 thousand during 2022 and interest on other interest bearing liabilities increased by 59 thousand to 67 thousand. 
 
 Net interest margin is net interest income expressed as a percentage of average interest-earning assets. As a result of the changes noted above, the net interest margin for 2022 increased by 19 basis points to 3.82 . 
 
 2021 compared to 2020. Net interest income increased by 8.5 million to 46.9 million during 2021 from 38.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This increase in net interest income resulted from an increase in interest income of 8.4 million and a decline in interest expense of 92 thousand. Interest on loans, including loans held for sale, increased by 7.3 million, interest on investment securities increased by 978 thousand and interest on interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks increased by 135 thousand. Net interest margin for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased 39 basis points to 3.63 , down from 4.02 during 2020. 

26

Table of Contents 

Interest and fees on loans, including loans held for sale, increased by 7.3 million. This increase resulted from an increase in average balance of 102 million and an increase in yield of 26 basis points to 5.41 . Included in interest income during 2021 were the amortization of PPP fees, net of costs, of 6.1 million, an increase of 3.6 million from the same period in 2020. Excluding the effect of the PPP loans, loan yield would have declined by 18 basis points to 5.05 during 2021 and 5.23 during 2020. This is consistent with a decline in market interest rates during the comparison periods. Interest on investment securities increased by 978 thousand as an increase in average balance of 80 million was partially offset by a decline in yield of 31 basis points from 2.15 during 2020 to 1.84 during 2021.Yield on taxable investment securities declined by 37 basis points and yield on non-taxable investment securities declined by 28 basis points. Interest on interest-bearing cash and due from banks and deposits in banks, which primarily relates to interest on cash balances held at the Federal Reserve Bank of San Francisco, increased by 135 thousand related to an increase in average balance 157 million partially offset by a decline in the rate paid on these balances from 0.22 during 2020 to 0.14 during 2021. 
 
 Interest expense on deposits decreased by 52 thousand to 780 thousand during 2021, down from 832 thousand during 2020 . The largest components of this decrease were declines of 77 thousand in interest on Now accounts, and 6 thousand in interest on time deposits. The decline in NOW interest expense is related to the elimination of our NOW deposit product in November 2020. The largest increase in interest expense on deposits was an increase of 29 thousand in interest on money market accounts related to an increase in average balance of 110 million mostly offset by a decline in rate paid of 10 basis points from 24 basis points during 2020 to 14 basis points during 2021. The average rate paid on interest bearing deposits declined from 0.18 during 2020 to 0.13 during 2021, while average interest bearing deposits increased by 123 million to 586 million. 
 
 Interest expense on junior subordinated debentures decreased by 37 thousand from 385 thousand during 2020 to 348 thousand during the 2020. This decrease was related to a decrease in rate paid on junior subordinated debentures from 3.73 during 2020 to 3.38 during 2021. For most of the first half of 2020 interest on the debentures fluctuated with changes in the 3-month LIBOR rate. On May 26, 2020 we entered into two separate interest rate swap agreements, effectively converting the 10 million in Subordinated Debentures to fixed obligations effective with the quarterly payments due in September, 2020. The swaps have a 10 year maturity and fix the LIBOR rate on the Subordinated Debentures at approximately 75 basis points. 
 
 As a result of the changes noted above, the net interest margin for 2021 decreased by 39 basis points to 3.63 . 
 
 Provision for Loan Losses 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022 we recorded a provision for loan losses of 1.3 million an increase of 175 thousand from 1.1 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. See Analysis of Asset Quality and Allowance for Loan Losses for further discussion of loan quality trends and the provision for loan losses. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level that management believes will be appropriate to absorb inherent losses on existing loans based on an evaluation of the collectability of the loans and prior loan loss experience. The evaluations take into consideration such factors as changes in the nature and volume of the portfolio, overall portfolio quality, review of specific problem loans, and current economic conditions that may affect the borrower's ability to repay their loan. The allowance for loan losses is based on estimates, and ultimate losses may vary from the current estimates. 
 
 These estimates are reviewed periodically and, as adjustments become necessary, they are reported in earnings in the periods in which they become known. Based on information currently available, management believes that the allowance for loan losses is appropriate to absorb potential risks in the portfolio. However, no assurance can be given that the Company may not sustain charge-offs which are in excess of the allowance in any given period. 

27

Table of Contents 

Non-Interest Income 
 
 The following table sets forth the components of non-interest income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change during Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Interchange revenue 

3,401 

3,279 

2,568 

122 

711 

Gain on sale of loans, net 

2,696 

1,008 

1,344 

1,688 

(336) 

Service charges on deposit accounts 

2,464 

2,349 

2,323 

115 

26 

Loan servicing fees 

893 

852 

841 

41 

11 

Earnings on bank owned life insurance policies 

391 

380 

342 

11 

38 

Gain on sale of building 

- 

- 

218 

- 

(218) 

Loss on sale of investments 

- 

(209) 

- 

209 

(209) 

Other income 

1,205 

1,057 

827 

148 

230 

Total non-interest income 

11,050 

8,716 

8,463 

2,334 

253 

2022 compared to 2021. During 2022, non-interest income totaled 11.0 million, an increase of 2.3 million from the 8.7 million earned during 2021. This increase included increases in several categories of non-interest income, the largest of which was 1.7 million in gains on sale of SBA loans. During 2022, we sold 50.5 million in guaranteed portions of SBA loans. This compares to sales of 14.2 million during 2021. Loans held for sale at December 31, 2022 and 2021 totaling 2.3 million and 31.3 million, respectively consist of the guaranteed portion of SBA 7(a) loans. 
 
 2021 compared to 2020. During 2021, non-interest income totaled 8.7 million, an increase of 253 thousand from the 8.5 million earned during 2020. This increase included increases in several categories of non-interest income, the largest of which were 711 thousand in interchange income, which was mostly related to an increase in the size of the bank, and 230 thousand in other income. The increase in other income mostly relates to insurance proceeds related to fire damage at our Greenville, California branch. These items were partially offset by decreases of 336 thousand in gains on sale of loans, a 218 thousand gain on sale of an administrative building in 2020 and a 209 thousand loss on sale of investment securities classified as available for sale. While gains on sale of loans decreased by 336 thousand, loans held for sale increased by 30.6 million to 31.3 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company sold twenty-nine available-for-sale investment securities for total proceeds of 20 million recording a 209 thousand loss on sale. 

28

Table of Contents 

Non-Interest Expense 
 
 The following table sets forth the components of other non-interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 

Years Ended December 31, 

Change during Year 

2022 

2021 

2020 

2022 

2021 

(dollars in thousands) 

Salaries and employee benefits 

17,451 

12,792 

13,282 

4,659 

(490) 

Occupancy and equipment 

4,610 

3,983 

3,362 

627 

621 

Outside service fees 

4,057 

3,753 

2,871 

304 

882 

Professional fees 

1,282 

1,311 

688 

(29) 

623 

Telephone and data communications 

770 

746 

600 

24 

146 

Armored car and courier 

675 

498 

426 

177 

72 

Advertising and promotion 

673 

431 

519 

242 

(88) 

Director compensation, education and retirement 

606 

498 

456 

108 

42 

Deposit insurance 

528 

455 

252 

73 

203 

Business development 

506 

343 

280 

163 

63 

Amortization of Core Deposit Intangible 

284 

246 

198 

38 

48 

Loan collection costs 

274 

284 

230 

(10) 

54 

Stationery and supplies 

109 

122 

112 

(13) 

10 

Provision from change in OREO valuation 

- 

37 

- 

(37) 

37 

Loss (gain) on sale of OREO 

37 

2 

(9) 

35 

11 

Other operating expense 

728 

537 

465 

191 

72 

Total non-interest expense 

32,590 

26,038 

23,732 

6,552 

2,306 

2022 compared to 2021. During 2022, non-interest expense increased by 6.6 million. The largest components of this increase were 4.7 million in salary and benefit expense, 627 thousand in occupancy and equipment costs, 304 thousand in outside service fees, 242 thousand in advertising and shareholder relations and 163 thousand in business development expense. The largest component of the increase in salary and benefit expense was related to a 2.3 million ERC recorded in 2021 as a reduction in salary and benefit expense. The ERC was made available under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act and modified and extended under the Taxpayer Certainty and Disaster Tax Relief Act of 2020. Other significant increases in salary and benefit expense include 1.4 million in salary expense and 889 thousand in accrued bonus expense. The salary expense includes normal merit increases, promotional increases and and a full year of salaries at our Yuba City branch. The increase in bonus expense includes the affect of the increase in pretax pre-bonus income during the comparison period as well as an increase in performance compared to peers. 
 
 The increase in occupancy and equipment expense includes 293 thousand related to a full year of operations of our Yuba City branch. The largest components of the increase in outside service fees were 227 thousand in interchange fees and ATM processing costs and 90 thousand in human resources administration and payroll processing. The increase in advertising and shareholder costs mostly relates to an increase of 219 thousand in expense paid to an advertising agency which is primarily focused on building our brand in Northern Nevada. The increase in business development expense mostly relates to increases in travel, and education and training expenses from relatively low levels during 2021 and 2020 related to the Pandemic. 

29

Table of Contents 

2021 compared to 2020. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2021, total non-interest expense increased by 2.3 million from the comparable period in 2020. The largest components of this increase were increases of 882 thousand in outside service fees, 623 thousand in professional fees and 621 thousand in occupancy and equipment expense. Increases in outside service fees include operating costs associated with our Yuba City branch including data processing, item processing, statement processing, online banking expenses and network administration totaling 183 thousand and merger related costs of 175 thousand. Other significant increases in outside service fees include 121 thousand in interchange expense consistent with the increase in interchange income and 210 thousand in costs related to outsourcing of various Human Resources functions effective April 1, 2021. Professional fees included legal, investment banking, consulting and accounting costs related to the acquisition of Bank of Feather River totaling 482 thousand. In addition to merger related costs, the single largest increases in professional fees were 82 thousand in costs related to converting our loan files to a digital document imaging system and 66 thousand in consulting costs related to implementation of the current expected credit losses methodology for estimating allowances for credit losses. Both of these projects are ongoing. The largest single increase in occupancy and equipment costs was 325 thousand in occupancy and equipment costs at the Yuba City branch. 
 
 Partially offsetting the above increases in non-interest expense was a decline of 490 thousand in salary and benefit expense. We recorded an ERC of 2.3 million during 2021 as a reduction of salary and benefit expense. In addition to the ERC, the deferral of loan origination costs, which reduces salary and benefit expense, increased by 1.2 million which was mostly related to SBA loan production activities. These items were partially offset by an increase in other components of salary and benefit expense, the largest of which were an increase of 1.1 million in bonus expense consistent with the increase in pre-tax pre bonus income during the comparable periods and an increase in commission expense of 622 thousand related to an increase in SBA activity as well as commissions earned on PPP loan production and forgiveness activities and an increase in salary expense of 1.2 million of which 721 thousand was related to the Yuba City branch. 
 
 Provision for Income Taxes. The Company recorded an income tax provision of 9.2 million, or 25.9 of pre-tax income for the year ended December 31, 2022. This compares to an income tax provision of 7.5 million, or 26.2 of pre-tax income during 2021. The percentages for 2022 and 2021 differ from statutory rates as tax exempt items of income such as earnings on Bank owned life insurance and municipal securities interest decrease taxable income. The effect of these items during 2021 was somewhat offset by nondeductible merger expenses. 
 
 Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences between the reported amount of assets and liabilities and their tax basis. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The determination of the amount of deferred income tax assets which are more likely than not to be realized is primarily dependent on projections of future earnings, which are subject to uncertainty and estimates that may change given economic conditions and other factors. The realization of deferred income tax assets is assessed and a valuation allowance is recorded if it is "more likely than not" that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. "More likely than not" is defined as greater than a 50 chance. All available evidence, both positive and negative is considered to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance is needed. Based upon the analysis of available evidence, management has determined that it is "more likely than not" that all deferred income tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 will be fully realized and therefore no valuation allowance was recorded. 
 
 Financial Condition 
 
 Total assets at December 31, 2022 were 1.6 billion, an increase of 7 million from December 31, 2021. The largest components of this increase were increases of 75 million in net loans, 139 million in investment securities and 18 million in accrued interest and other assets. These items were mostly offset by reductions of 197 million in cash and due from banks and 29 million in loans held for sale. 
 
 Deposits totaled 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 18.8 million from December 31, 2021. Mostly related to a 38.4 million decrease in other comprehensive loss/income from income of 1.6 million at December 31, 2021 to a loss of 36.8 million at December 31, 2022, shareholders equity decreased by 15.1 million from 134.1 million at December 31, 2021 to 119.0 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loan Portfolio. Gross loans, excluding loans held for sale, increased by 73 million, or 9 , from 839 million at December 31, 2021, to 912 million at December 31, 2022. Increases in loans included 97 million in commercial real estate loans, 8 million in automobile loans and 3 million in equity lines of credit; these items were partially offset by decreases of 23 million in commercial loans, 8 million in construction loans and 4 million in agricultural loans. Excluding PPP loan activity, commercial loans would have increased by 11 million and gross loans would have increased by 107 million or 13 . PPP loans totaled 300 thousand at December 31, 2022, and 35 million at December 31, 2021. Loans held for sale decreased by 29.0 million to 2.3 million at December 31, 2022. See page 36 for additional information related to Loans Held for Sale. 
 Although the Company offers a broad array of financing options, it continues to concentrate its focus on small to medium sized commercial businesses. These loans offer diversification as to industries and types of businesses, thus limiting material exposure in any industry concentrations. The Company offers both fixed and floating rate loans and obtains collateral in the form of real property, business assets and deposit accounts, but looks to business and personal cash flows as its primary source of repayment. 

30

Table of Contents 

As shown in the following table the Company's largest lending categories are commercial real estate loans, auto loans, agricultural loans and commercial loans. 

Percent of 

Percent of 

Loans in 

Loans in 

Balance at 

Each 

Balance at 

Each 

End of 

Category to 

End of 

Category to 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Period 

Total Loans 

Period 

Total Loans 

12/31/2022 

12/31/2022 

12/31/2021 

12/31/2021 

Commercial 

76,680 

8.4 

99,804 

11.9 

Agricultural 

122,873 

13.5 

126,456 

15.1 

Real estate residential 

15,324 

1.7 

15,837 

1.9 

Real estate commercial 

516,107 

56.6 

418,609 

49.9 

Real estate construction land development 

43,420 

4.8 

51,526 

6.1 

Equity Lines of Credit 

35,891 

3.9 

32,793 

3.9 

Auto 

96,750 

10.6 

89,046 

10.6 

Other 

4,904 

0.5 

4,516 

0.6 

Total 

911,949 

100 

838,587 

100 

The Company s real estate related loans, including real estate mortgage loans, real estate construction and land development loans, consumer equity lines of credit, and agricultural loans secured by real estate, comprised 77 of the total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022. Moreover, the business activities of the Company currently are focused in the California counties of Plumas, Nevada, Placer, Lassen, Modoc, Shasta, Sierra, and Sutter and in Washoe and Carson City Counties in Northern Nevada. Consequently, the results of operations and financial condition of the Company are dependent upon the general trends in these economies and, in particular, the commercial real estate markets. In addition, the concentration of the Company's operations in these areas of Northeastern California and Northwestern Nevada exposes it to greater risk than other banking companies with a wider geographic base in the event of catastrophes, such as earthquakes, fires and floods in these regions. 
 The rates of interest charged on variable rate loans are set at specific increments in relation to the Company's lending rate or other indexes such as the published prime interest rate or U.S. Treasury rates and vary with changes in these indexes. The frequency in which variable rate loans reprice can vary from one day to several years. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, approximately 80 and 76 , respectively of the Company's loan portfolio was comprised of variable rate loans. Loans indexed to the prime interest rate were approximately 23 of the Company s loan portfolio these loans reprice within one day to three months of a change in the prime rate. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, 51 and 55 , respectively of the variable loans were at their respective floor rate. While real estate mortgage, agricultural, commercial and consumer lending remain the foundation of the Company's historical loan mix, some changes in the mix have occurred due to the changing economic environment and the resulting change in demand for certain loan types. 

31

Table of Contents 

The following table sets forth the maturity of gross loan categories as of December 31, 2022. Also provided with respect to such loans are the amounts due after one year, classified according to sensitivity to changes in interest rates: 

After One 

After 5 

Within 

Through 5 

Through 15 

Due After 15 

One Year 

Years 

Years 

Years 

in thousands) 

Commercial 

22,893 

45,056 

8,324 

408 

Agricultural 

61,172 

42,600 

12,458 

6,643 

Real estate residential 

2,275 

7,803 

4,323 

924 

Real estate commercial 

55,428 

119,681 

212,820 

128,178 

Real estate construction land development 

16,423 

11,429 

3,979 

11,589 

Equity Lines of Credit 

8,186 

27,288 

417 

- 

Auto 

22,979 

64,475 

9,296 

- 

Other 

1,341 

2,781 

782 

- 

Total 

190,698 

321,114 

252,397 

147,741 

Amount due after one year at fixed interest rates: 

(in thousands) 

Commercial 

18,139 

Agricultural 

3,410 

Real estate residential 

8,750 

Real estate commercial 

16,805 

Real estate construction land development 

2,445 

Equity Lines of Credit 

- 

Auto 

73,771 

Other 

3,563 

Total 

126,883 

Amount due after one year at variable interest rates: 

(in thousands) 

Commercial 

35,648 

Agricultural 

58,290 

Real estate residential 

4,300 

Real estate commercial 

443,873 

Real estate construction land development 

24,552 

Equity Lines of Credit 

27,705 

Auto 

- 

Other 

- 

Total 

594,368 

Analysis of Asset Quality and Allowance for Loan Losses. The Company attempts to minimize credit risk through its underwriting and credit review policies. The Company s credit review process includes internally prepared credit reviews as well as contracting with an outside firm to conduct periodic credit reviews. The Company s management and lending officers evaluate the loss exposure of classified and impaired loans on a quarterly basis, or more frequently as loan conditions change. The Management Asset Resolution Committee (MARC) reviews the asset quality of criticized and past due loans monthly and reports the findings to the full Board of Directors. In management's opinion, this loan review system helps facilitate the early identification of potential criticized loans. MARC also provides guidance for the maintenance and timely disposition of OREO properties including developing financing and marketing programs to incent individuals to purchase OREO. MARC consists of the Bank s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Chief Credit Officer, and the activities are governed by a formal written charter. The MARC meets monthly and reports to the Board of Directors. 
 
 The allowance for loan losses is established through charges to earnings in the form of the provision for loan losses. Loan losses are charged to and recoveries are credited to the allowance for loan losses. The allowance for loan losses is maintained at a level deemed appropriate by management to provide for known and inherent risks in the loan portfolio. The adequacy of the allowance for loan losses is based upon management's continuing assessment of various factors affecting the collectability of loans including current economic conditions, maturity of the portfolio, size of the portfolio, industry concentrations, borrower credit history, collateral, the existing allowance for loan losses, independent credit reviews, current charges and recoveries to the allowance for loan losses and the overall quality of the portfolio as determined by management, regulatory agencies, and independent credit review consultants retained by the Company. There is no precise method of predicting specific losses or amounts which may ultimately be charged off on particular segments of the loan portfolio. The collectability of a loan is subjective to some degree, but must relate to the borrower s financial condition, cash flow, quality of the borrower s management expertise, collateral and guarantees, and state of the local economy. 

32

Table of Contents 

Formula allocations are calculated by applying loss factors to outstanding loans with similar characteristics. Loss factors are based on the Company s historical loss experience as adjusted for changes in the business cycle and may be adjusted for significant factors that, in management's judgment, affect the collectability of the portfolio as of the evaluation date. Historical loss data from the beginning of the latest business cycle are incorporated in the loss factors. 
 
 The discretionary allocation is based upon management s evaluation of various loan segment conditions that are not directly measured in the determination of the formula and specific allowances. The conditions may include, but are not limited to, general economic and business conditions affecting the key lending areas of the Company, credit quality trends, collateral values, loan volumes and concentrations, and other business conditions. We have added a new specific pandemic qualitative factor to our allowance for loan loss calculation and have increased the qualitative factor related to economic conditions. These changes resulted in the need for additional loan loss provision during 2020. See Item 1A - Risk Factors for a discussion of the COVID-19 global pandemic and its potential effect on the Company's current and future financial position and results of operations. 
 
 Beginning January 1, 2023, we are subject to new accounting standard ASU No. 2016-13, Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments. The new standard significantly changes how entities measure credit losses for most financial assets and certain other instruments that aren t measured at fair value through net income. 

The new standard replaces the earlier incurred loss approach with an expected loss model. The new model, referred to as the current expected credit loss CECL model, applies to: (1) financial assets subject to credit losses and measured at amortized cost, and (2) certain off-balance sheet credit exposures. This includes, but is not limited to, loans, leases, held-to-maturity securities, loan commitments, and financial guarantees. The CECL model does not apply to available-for-sale AFS debt securities. For AFS debt securities with unrealized losses, entities will measure credit losses in a manner similar to what they do today, except that the losses will be recognized as allowances rather than reductions in the amortized cost of the securities. The ASU also simplifies the accounting model for purchased credit-impaired debt securities and loans. ASU No. 2016-13 also expands the disclosure requirements regarding an entity s assumptions, models, and methods for estimating the allowance for loan and lease losses. Entities will apply the standard s provisions as a cumulative-effect adjustment to retained earnings as of the beginning of the first reporting period in which the guidance is effective (i.e., modified retrospective approach). The federal banking regulators, including the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, have adopted a rule that gives a banking organization the option to phase in over a three-year period the day-one adverse effects of CECL on its regulatory capital.

To implement the CECL model, we established an implementation team chaired by our Chief Lending Officer and composed of members of our credit administration and accounting departments, invested in technology to support the CECL calculation of the allowance for loan losses and engaged a consultant to review our CECL model and to assist us in documenting aspects of the CECL model.
 Based on the loan portfolio composition, characteristics and quality of the loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, and the current economic environment, management estimates that the total allowance for loan losses will 
 increase 
 by between 500,000 and 
 800,000 
 . The estimated decline in equity, net of tax, will range from 350,000 to 550,000. The economic conditions, forecasts and assumptions used in the model could be significantly different in future periods. The impact of the change in the allowance on our results of operations in a provision for credit losses will depend on the current period net charge-offs, level of loan originations, and change in mix of the loan portfolio. The ranges noted above exclude any impact to the Company's reserve for unfunded commitments, which is expected to increase by between 250,000 and 350,000. The estimated decline in equity, net of tax, will range from 175,000 to 250,000. As time progresses and the results of economic conditions require model assumption inputs to change, further refinements to the estimation process may also be identified. 

During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 we recorded a provision for loan losses of 1.3 million and 1.1 million, respectively. Net charge-offs totaled 935 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2022, an increase of 260 thousand from 675 thousand during the year ended December 31, 2021. Net charge-offs as a percentage of average loans increased from 0.09 during 2021 to 0.11 during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

33

Table of Contents 

The following table provides selected credit ratios as of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020: 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 As of and for the Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Allowance for loan losses to total loans outstanding 

1.18 

1.23 

1.40 

Allowance for loan losses 

10,717 

10,352 

9,902 

Total loans outstanding 

911,949 

838,587 

709,246 

Nonaccrual loans to total loans outstanding 

0.13 

0.58 

0.36 

Nonaccrual loans 

1,172 

4,863 

2,536 

Total loans outstanding 

911,949 

838,587 

709,246 

Allowance for loan losses to nonaccrual loans 

914.42 

212.87 

390.46 

Allowance for loan losses 

10,717 

10,352 

9,902 

Nonaccrual loans 

1,172 

4,863 

2,536 

Net charge-offs during the period to average loans outstanding: 

Commercial 

0.21 

0.09 

0.08 

Net charge-off during the period 

180 

116 

97 

Average amount outstanding 

85,460 

133,433 

119,840 

Agricultural 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Net charge-off during the period 

- 

- 

- 

Average amount outstanding 

124,389 

99,598 

75,469 

Real estate - residential 

(0.02) 

(0.03) 

(0.11) 

Net charge-off during the period 

(3) 

(3) 

(15) 

Average amount outstanding 

15,680 

11,236 

13,265 

Real estate - commercial 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Net charge-off during the period 

17 

(8) 

(8) 

Average amount outstanding 

445,348 

376,048 

328,602 

Real estate - construction land development 

0.00 

0.00 

0.00 

Net charge-off during the period 

- 

- 

- 

Average amount outstanding 

57,367 

36,446 

26,212 

Equity lines of credit 

(0.00) 

(0.01) 

(0.01) 

Net charge-off during the period 

- 

(4) 

(4) 

Average amount outstanding 

34,458 

33,662 

35,205 

Auto 

0.80 

0.63 

0.41 

Net charge-off during the period 

713 

567 

374 

Average amount outstanding 

89,442 

90,651 

92,041 

Other 

0.61 

0.16 

1.64 

Net charge-off during the period 

28 

7 

72 

Average amount outstanding 

4,584 

4,453 

4,390 

Total Loans 

0.11 

0.09 

0.07 

Net charge-off during the period 

935 

675 

516 

Average amount outstanding 

856,728 

785,527 

695,024 

The allowance for loan losses totaled 10.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 10.4 million at December 31, 2021. Specific reserves related to impaired loans decreased by 8 thousand from 28 thousand at December 31, 2021 to 20 thousand at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company's recorded investment in impaired loans totaled 1.2 million and 4.9 million, respectively. At least quarterly the Company evaluates each specific reserve and if it determines that the loss represented by the specific reserve is uncollectable it records a charge-off for the uncollectable portion. General reserves were 10.7 million at December 31, 2022 and 10.3 million at December 31, 2021. The allowance for loan losses as a percentage of total loans decreased from 1.23 at December 31, 2021 to 1.18 at December 31, 2022. The percentage of general reserves to unimpaired loans totaled 1.17 at December 31, 2022 and 1.24 at December 31, 2021. 

34

Table of Contents 

The following table provides a breakdown of the allowance for loan losses: 

Percent of 

Percent of 

Loans in 

Loans in 

Balance at 

Each 

Balance at 

Each 

End of 

Category to 

End of 

Category to 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Period 

Total Loans 

Period 

Total Loans 

12/31/2022 

12/31/2022 

12/31/2021 

12/31/2021 

Commercial 

892 

8.4 

1,074 

11.9 

Agricultural 

1,086 

13.5 

791 

15.1 

Real estate residential 

138 

1.7 

168 

1.9 

Real estate commercial 

4,980 

56.6 

4,549 

49.9 

Real estate construction land development 

1,500 

4.8 

1,325 

6.1 

Equity Lines of Credit 

687 

3.9 

426 

3.9 

Auto 

1,289 

10.6 

1,911 

10.6 

Other 

145 

0.5 

108 

0.6 

Total 

10,717 

100 

10,352 

100 

The Company places loans 90 days or more past due on nonaccrual status unless the loan is well secured and in the process of collection. A loan is considered to be in the process of collection if, based on a probable specific event, it is expected that the loan will be repaid or brought current. Generally, this collection period would not exceed 90 days. When a loan is placed on nonaccrual status the Company's general policy is to reverse and charge against current income previously accrued but unpaid interest. Interest income on such loans is subsequently recognized only to the extent that cash is received and future collection of principal is deemed by management to be probable. Where the collectability of the principal or interest on a loan is considered to be doubtful by management, it is placed on nonaccrual status prior to becoming 90 days delinquent. 
 
 Impaired loans are measured based on the present value of the expected future cash flows discounted at the loan's effective interest rate or the fair value of the collateral if the loan is collateral dependent. The amount of impaired loans is not directly comparable to the amount of nonperforming loans disclosed later in this section. The primary difference between impaired loans and nonperforming loans is that impaired loan recognition considers not only loans 90 days or more past due, restructured loans and nonaccrual loans but also may include identified problem loans other than delinquent loans where it is considered probable that we will not collect all amounts due to us (including both principal and interest) in accordance with the contractual terms of the loan agreement. 
 
 A restructuring of a debt constitutes a troubled debt restructuring (TDR) if the Company, for economic or legal reasons related to the debtor's financial difficulties, grants a concession to the debtor that it would not otherwise consider. Restructured workout loans typically present an elevated level of credit risk as the borrowers are not able to perform according to the original contractual terms. Loans that are reported as TDRs are considered impaired and measured for impairment as described above. 
 
 L oans restructured (TDRs) and not included in nonperforming loans in the following table totaled 0.8 million at December 31, 2022 and 0.9 million at December 31, 2021 and 2020. For additional information related to restructured loans see Note 5 of the Company's Consolidated Financial Statements in Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this Annual Report on Form 10-K 
 
 The following table sets forth the amount of the Company's nonperforming assets as of the dates indicated. 

At December 31, 

(dollars in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Nonaccrual loans 

1,172 

4,863 

2,536 

Loans past due 90 days or more and still accruing 

- 

- 

- 

Total nonperforming loans 

1,172 

4,863 

2,536 

Other real estate owned 

- 

487 

403 

Other vehicles owned 

18 

47 

31 

Total nonperforming assets 

1,190 

5,397 

2,970 

Interest income forgone on nonaccrual loans 

121 

381 

119 

Interest income recorded on a cash basis on nonaccrual loans 

- 

- 

- 

Nonperforming loans to total loans 

0.13 

0.58 

0.36 

Nonperforming assets to total assets 

0.07 

0.33 

0.27 

Nonperforming loans at December 31, 2022 were 1.2 million, a decrease of 3.7 million from the 4.9 million balance at December 31, 2021. There were no specific reserves on nonaccrual loans at December 31, 2022 and 2021. Performing loans past due thirty to eighty-nine days were 8.8 million at December 31, 2022, up from 3.5 million at December 31, 2021. Performing loans past due thirty to eighty-nine days were 1.2 million at December 31, 2020. Nonperforming assets as a percentage of total assets were 0.07 at December 31, 2022 and 0.33 at December 31, 2021. 

35

Table of Contents 

A substandard loan is not adequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the borrower or the value of the collateral pledged, if any. Total substandard loans decreased by 2.1 million from 5.5 million at December 31, 2021 to 3.4 million at December 31, 2022. Loans classified as special mention increased by 17.8 million from 5.0 million at December 31, 2021 to 22.8 million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Loans Held for Sale. Included in the loan portfolio are loans which are 75 to 90 guaranteed by the Small Business Administration (SBA), US Department of Agriculture Rural Business Cooperative Service (RBS) and Farm Services Agency (FSA). The guaranteed portion of these loans may be sold to a third party, with the Bank retaining the unguaranteed portion. The Company can receive a premium in excess of the adjusted carrying value of the loan at the time of sale. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the Company had 2.3 million and 31.3 million, respectively in SBA government guaranteed loans held for sale. Loans held for sale are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value and therefore may be reported at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The fair values for loans held for sale are based on either observable transactions of similar instruments or formally committed loan sale prices. 
 
 OREO represents real property acquired by the Bank either through foreclosure or through a deed in lieu thereof from the borrower. Repossessed assets include vehicles and other commercial assets acquired under agreements with delinquent borrowers. There was no OREO holdings at December 31, 2022. OREO holdings represented three properties totaling 487 thousand at December 31, 2021. 

The following table provides a summary of the change in the number and balance of OREO properties for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, dollars in thousands: 

Year Ended December 31, 

Number 

2022 

Number 

2021 

Beginning Balance 

3 

487 

3 

403 

Additions 

- 

- 

1 

177 

Dispositions 

(3) 

(487) 

(1) 

(56) 

Provision from change in OREO valuation 

- 

- 

- 

(37) 

Ending Balance 

- 

- 

3 

487 

Investment Portfolio and Federal Reserve Balances. Total investment securities were 445 million as of December 31, 2022 and 306 million as of December 31, 2021. Net unrealized losses on available-for-sale investment securities totaling 54.2 million were recorded, net of 16.0 million in tax benefit, as accumulated other comprehensive loss within shareholders' equity at December 31, 2022. Net unrealized gains on available-for-sale investment securities totaling 1.7 million were recorded, net of 493 thousand in tax expense, as accumulated other comprehensive income within shareholders' equity at December 31, 2021. No securities were sold during the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company sold twenty-nine available-for-sale investment securities for total proceeds of 20 million recording a 209 thousand loss on sale. The change from an unrealized gain of 1.7 million to an unrealized loss of 54.2 million was related to a significant increase in market rates. During the first quarter of 2022 the Federal Reserve began increasing the Federal Funds rate to combat inflationary pressures in the economy. The Federal Funds rate has increased 425 basis points during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 . 
 The investment portfolio at December 31, 2022 consisted of 9.7 million in U.S. Treasury securities, 214.4 million in securities of U.S. Government-sponsored agencies residential mortgage back securities, 99.6 million in securities of U.S. Government-agencies commercial mortgage-backed securites and 239 municipal securities totaling 121.0 million. The investment portfolio at December 31, 2021 consisted of 151.0 million in securities of U.S. Government-sponsored agencies residential mortgage back securities, 57.2 million in securities of U.S. Government-agencies commercial mortgage-backed securites and 188 municipal securities totaling 97.7 million. 
 
 The Company classifies its investment securities as available-for-sale or held-to-maturity. Currently all securities are classified as available-for-sale. Securities classified as available-for-sale may be sold to implement the Company's asset/liability management strategies and in response to changes in interest rates, prepayment rates and similar factors. 

36

Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes the maturities of the Company's securities at their carrying value, which represents fair value, and their weighted average tax equivalent yields at December 31, 2022. Mortgage-backed securities are included in maturity categories based on their stated maturity date. Expected maturities may differ from contractual maturities because the issuers may have the right to call or prepay obligations. 

After One Through 

After Five Through 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 Within One Year 

Five Years 

Ten Years 

After Ten Years 

Total 

Available-for-sale (Fair Value) 
 
 Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

Amount 

Yield 

U.S. Treasury securities 

2,951 

2.57 

6,756 

2.90 

- 

- 

- 

- 

9,707 

2.80 

U.S. Government-sponsored agency mortgage-backed securities - residential 

2,655 

3.00 

66,237 

3.42 

145,516 

2.59 

- 

- 

214,408 

2.85 

U.S. Government agency mortgage-backed securities - commercial 

- 

- 

47,449 

2.97 

52,132 

3.03 

- 

- 

99,581 

3.00 

Municipal obligations 

549 

3.70 

6,359 

3.60 

11,961 

3.61 

102,138 

3.41 

121,007 

3.44 

Total 

6,155 

2.86 

126,801 

3.23 

209,609 

2.76 

102,138 

3.41 

444,703 

3.04 

Deposits. Deposits represent the Bank's primary source of funds. Deposits are primarily core deposits in that they are demand, savings and time deposits generated from local businesses and individuals. These sources are considered to be relatively stable, long-term relationships thereby enhancing steady growth of the deposit base without major fluctuations in overall deposit balances. The Company experiences, to a small degree, some seasonality with the slower growth period between November through April, and the higher growth period from May through October. To assist in meeting any funding demands, the Company maintains a secured borrowing arrangement with the FHLB. Total deposits increased by 18.8 million from 1.4 billion at December 31, 2021, to 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022. The increase in deposits includes increases of 30 million in demand deposits and 27 million in savings accounts. These increases were partially offset by declines of 23 million in money market accounts, and 15 million in time deposits. At December 31, 2022, 53 of the Company s deposits were in the form of non-interest bearing demand deposits. 
 
 The following tables show the distribution of deposits by type at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and the average balance and rates paid on deposits for the three years ending December 31, 2020: 

Percent of 

Percent of 

Deposits in 

Deposits in 

Each Category 

Each Category 

Balance at End 

to Total 

Balance at End 

to Total 

of Period 

Deposits 

of Period 

Deposits 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 12/31/2022 

12/31/2022 

12/31/2021 

12/31/2021 

Non-interest bearing 

766,549 

52.6 

736,582 

51.2 

Money Market 

237,924 

16.3 

261,005 

18.1 

Savings 

404,150 

27.7 

377,050 

26.2 

Time 

49,186 

3.4 

64,362 

4.5 

Total Deposits 

1,457,809 

100 

1,438,999 

100 

Average Balance 

Yields/Rates 

Average Balance 

Yields/Rates 

Average Balance 

Yields/Rates 

(dollars in thousands) 
 
 12/31/2022 

12/31/2022 

12/31/2021 

12/31/2021 

12/31/2020 

12/31/2020 

Non-interest bearing 

773,293 

645,955 

423,444 

NOW 

- 

0.0 

- 

0.0 

97,395 

0.08 

Money Market 

254,723 

0.11 

224,776 

0.14 

115,203 

0.24 

Savings 

400,314 

0.09 

306,911 

0.09 

212,470 

0.13 

Time 

59,016 

0.28 

53,976 

0.36 

38,003 

0.52 

Total interest bearing 

714,053 

0.12 

585,663 

0.13 

463,071 

0.18 

37

Table of Contents 

The following table shows the Company's time deposits in excess of the FDIC insurance limit and time deposits otherwise uninsured at December 31, 2022 (dollars in thousands): 

Amount 

Portion of time deposits in excess of insurance limit 

3,811 

Time deposits otherwise uninsured 

- 

Time deposits of 250,000 or more are generally from the Company's local business and individual customer base. The potential impact on the Company's liquidity from the withdrawal of these deposits is discussed at the Company's asset and liability management committee meetings, and is considered to be minimal. 
 
 Short-term Borrowing Arrangements. The Company is a member of the FHLB and can borrow up to 233 million from the FHLB secured by commercial and residential mortgage loans with carrying values totaling 504 million. The Company is required to hold FHLB stock as a condition of membership. At December 31, 2022 the Company held 5.0 million of FHLB stock which is recorded as a component of other assets. Based on this level of stock holdings the Company can borrow up to 183.8 million. To borrow the full 233 million in available credit the Company would need to purchase 1.3 million in additional FHLB stock. In addition to its FHLB borrowing line, the Company has unsecured short-term borrowing agreements with two of its correspondent banks in the amounts of 50 million and 20 million. There were no outstanding borrowings to the FHLB or the correspondent banks at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Note Payable. The Company maintained a 15 million line of credit facility with one of its correspondent banks (the "Note"). Interest on the Note was payable at the "Prime Rate". There were no borrowings on the Note during 2022 or 2021. The Note was secured by 100 shares of Plumas Bank stock representing the Company's 100 ownership interest in Plumas Bank. Under the Note, the Bank was subject to several negative and affirmative covenants including, but not limited to, providing timely financial information, maintaining specified levels of capital, restrictions on additional borrowings, and meeting or exceeding certain capital and asset quality ratios. The Bank was in compliance with all such covenants related to the Note at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 
 On January 25, 2022 the Company replaced this facility with a 15 million Loan Agreement (the Loan Agreement and Promissory Note (the Term Note ). The Term Note matures on January 25, 2035 and can be prepaid at any time. During the initial three years of the Loan Agreement the Term Note functions as an interest only revolving line of credit. Beginning on year four the Term Note converts into a term loan requiring semi-annual principal and interest payments and no further advances can be made. The proceeds of this lending facility shall be used by the Company for general corporation purposes, and to provide capital injections into the Bank. The Term Note bears interest at a fixed rate of 3.85 for the first 5 years and then at a floating interest rate linked to WSJ Prime Rate for the remaining eight year term. The Loan Agreement provides for a 187,500 loan fee. The Note is secured by the common stock of the Bank. The Loan Agreement contains certain financial and non-financial covenants, which include, but are not limited to, a minimum leverage ratio at the Bank, a minimum total risk-based capital ratio at the Bank, a maximum Texas Ratio at the Bank, a minimum level of Tier 1 capital at the Bank and a return on average assets needed to generate a 1.25X debt service coverage ratio. The Loan Agreement also contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to pay principal or interest, the commencement of certain bankruptcy proceedings, and certain adverse regulatory events affecting the Company or the Bank. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Loan Agreement, the Company s obligations under the Loan Agreement may be accelerated. The Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the Term Note at December 31, 2022 and has not borrowed on the Term Note. 
 Repurchase Agreements. The Bank offers a repurchase agreement product for its larger customers which use securities sold under agreements to repurchase as an alternative to interest-bearing deposits. Securities sold under agreements to repurchase totaling 18.6 million and 17.3 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, are secured by U.S. Government agency securities with a carrying amount of 29.6 million and 23.0 million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Interest paid on this product is similar to that which is paid on the Bank s money market accounts; however, these are not deposits and are not FDIC insured. 
 
 Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures. Plumas Statutory Trust I and II are business trust subsidiaries formed by the Company with capital of 374 thousand and 188 thousand, respectively, for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. During 2002, Trust I issued 6,000 Floating Rate Capital Trust Pass-Through Securities ("Trust Preferred Securities"), with a liquidation value of 1,000 per security, for gross proceeds of 6,000,000. During 2005, Trust II issued 4,000 Trust Preferred Securities with a liquidation value of 1,000 per security, for gross proceeds of 4,000,000. The entire proceeds were invested by Trust I in the amount of 6,186,000 and Trust II in the amount of 4,124,000 in Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures (the "Subordinated Debentures") issued by the Company, with identical maturity, repricing and payment terms as the Trust Preferred Securities. The Subordinated Debentures represent the sole assets of Trusts I and II. 

38

Table of Contents 

Trust I s Subordinated Debentures mature on September 26, 2032, bear a current interest rate of 8.12 (based on 3-month LIBOR plus 3.40 ), with repricing and payments due quarterly. Trust II s Subordinated Debentures mature on September 28, 2035, bear a current interest rate of 6.25 (based on 3-month LIBOR plus 1.48 ), with repricing and payments due quarterly. The interest rate of the Trust Preferred Securities issued by Trust I adjust on each quarterly anniversary date to equal the 3-month LIBOR plus 3.40 . The Trust Preferred Securities issued by Trust II adjust on each quarterly anniversary date to equal the 3-month LIBOR plus 1.48 . Both Trusts I and II have the option to defer payment of the distributions for a period of up to five years, as long as the Company is not in default on the payment of interest on the Subordinated Debentures. 
 
 Net interest expense recognized by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 related to the subordinated debentures was 359,000, 348,000 and 385,000, respectively. Interest expense is recorded net of the interest paid/received on our interest rate swaps. See the following paragraph for a description of the swaps. 
 
 Interest Rate Swaps . On May 26, 2020 we entered into two separate interest rate swap agreements with notional amounts totaling 10 million, effectively converting the 10 million in Subordinated Debentures to fixed obligations. The swaps have a 10 year maturity and fix the labor rate on the Subordinated Debentures at approximately 75 basis points. These agreements have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedging instruments and, as such changes in the fair value are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss to the extent the agreements are effective hedges. The swaps were determined to be fully effective during all periods presented. As such, no amount of ineffectiveness has been included in net income. Therefore, the aggregate fair value of the swaps is recorded in other assets with changes in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income. The amount included in accumulated other comprehensive income would be reclassified to current earnings should the hedges no longer be considered effective. The Company expects the hedges to remain fully effective during the remaining terms of the swaps. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the carrying value of the swaps, which was included in other assets, was an unrealized gain of 2.0 million and 607 thousand, respectively. In January, 2023 we terminated the swap agreements receiving 1.7 million in proceeds on termination. 
 
 Capital Resources 
 
 Shareholders equity decreased by 15.1 million from 134.1 million at December 31, 2021 to 119.0 million at December 31, 2022. The 15.1 million decrease was related to a reduction in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss of 38.4 million from accumulated other comprehensive income of 1.6 million at December 31, 2021 to an accumulated other comprehensive loss of 36.8 million at December 31, 2022. In addition, shareholder dividends decreased shareholders equity by 3.7 million. These items were partially offset by earnings during 2022 of 26.4 million and 571 thousand representing stock option and restricted stock activity. 
 It is the policy of the Company to periodically distribute excess retained earnings to the shareholders through the payment of cash dividends. Such dividends help promote shareholder value and capital adequacy by enhancing the marketability of the Company s stock. All authority to provide a return to the shareholders in the form of a cash or stock dividend or split rests with the Board of Directors. The Board will periodically, but on no regular schedule, review the appropriateness of a cash dividend payment. Banking regulations limit the amount of dividends that may be paid without prior approval of regulatory agencies. The Company is subject to various restrictions on the payment of dividends. Quarterly cash dividends of 0.16 were paid on November 15, 2022, August 15, 2022, May 16, 2022 and February 15, 2022 and quarterly cash dividends of 0.14 per share were paid on November 15, 2021, August 16, 2021, May 17, 2021 and February 15, 2021. 
 
 Capital Standards. The Company uses a variety of measures to evaluate its capital adequacy. Management reviews these capital measurements on a monthly basis and takes appropriate action to ensure that they are within established internal and external guidelines. The FDIC has promulgated risk-based capital guidelines for all state non-member banks such as the Bank. These guidelines establish a risk-adjusted ratio relating capital to different categories of assets and off-balance sheet exposures. 
 
 In July, 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies adopted rules implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s capital guidelines for U.S. depository organizations, sometimes called Basel III, that increased the minimum regulatory capital requirements for bank holding companies and depository institutions and implemented strict eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments. The Basel III capital rules include a minimum common equity Tier 1 ratio of 4.5 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of 6.0 , a total risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 , and a minimum leverage ratio of 4.0 (calculated as Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets). The minimum capital levels required to be considered well capitalized include a common equity Tier 1 ratio of 6.5 , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 , a total risk-based capital ratio of 10.0 and a leverage ratio of 5.0 . In addition, the Basel III capital rules require that banking organizations maintain a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 above the minimum capital requirements in order to avoid restrictions on their ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock or pay discretionary bonuses. Including the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , the Basel III capital rules require the following minimum ratios for a bank holding company or bank to be considered well capitalized: a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 , a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 , and a total capital ratio of 10.5 . At December 31, 2021, the Company s and the Bank s capital ratios exceeded the thresholds necessary to be considered well capitalized under the Basel III framework. 

39

Table of Contents 

Under the FRB s Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement (the Policy Statement ), qualifying bank holding companies with less than 3 billion in consolidated assets are exempt from the Basel III consolidated capital rules. The Company qualifies for treatment under the Policy Statement and is not currently subject to the Basel III consolidated capital rules at the bank holding company level. The Basel III capital rules continue to apply to the Bank. 
 
 In 2019, the federal bank regulators issued a rule establishing a community bank leverage ratio (the ratio of a bank s tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets) that qualifying institutions with less than 10 billion in assets may elect to use in lieu of the generally applicable leverage and risk-based capital requirements under Basel III. A qualifying banking organization that elects to use the new ratio will be considered to have met all applicable federal regulatory capital and leverage requirements, including the minimum capital levels required to be considered well capitalized, if it maintains community bank leverage ratio capital exceeding 9 . The new rule became effective on January 1, 2020. Plumas Bank has chosen not to opt into the community bank leverage ratio at this time. 

The following table sets forth the Bank's actual capital amounts and ratios (dollar amounts in thousands): 

Minimum Amount of Capital Required 

To be Well-Capitalized 

For Capital 

Under Prompt 

Actual 

Adequacy Purposes (1) 

Corrective Provisions 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

Amount 

Ratio 

December 31, 2022 

Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio 

157,361 

14.7 

48,218 

4.5 

69,648 

6.5 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

157,361 

9.2 

68,078 

4.0 

85,098 

5.0 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

157,361 

14.7 

64,291 

6.0 

85,721 

8.0 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

168,419 

15.7 

85,721 

8.0 

107,151 

10.0 

December 31, 2021 

Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio 

134,015 

14.4 

42,024 

4.5 

60,701 

6.5 

Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 

134,015 

8.4 

64,066 

4.0 

80,083 

5.0 

Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

134,015 

14.4 

56,032 

6.0 

74,709 

8.0 

Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

144,708 

15.5 

74,709 

8.0 

93,387 

10.0 

(1) Does not include amounts required to maintain the capital conservation buffer under the new capital rules 
 
 Management believes that the Bank met all its capital adequacy requirements as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The current and projected capital positions of the Bank and the impact of capital plans and long-term strategies are reviewed regularly by management. The Company policy is to maintain the Bank s ratios above the prescribed well-capitalized ratios at all times. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Loan Commitments. In the normal course of business, there are various commitments outstanding to extend credits that are not reflected in the financial statements. Commitments to extend credit and letters of credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Annual review of commercial credit lines, letters of credit and ongoing monitoring of outstanding balances reduces the risk of loss associated with these commitments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 178.7 million in unfunded loan commitments and no letters of credit. This compares to 162.5 million in unfunded loan commitments and 12 thousand in letters of credit at December 31, 2021. Of the 178.7 million in unfunded loan commitments, 115.6 million and 63.1 million represented commitments to commercial and consumer customers, respectively. Of the total unfunded commitments at December 31, 2022, 108.4 million were secured by real estate, of which 54.9 million was secured by commercial real estate and 53.5 million was secured by residential real estate mostly in the form of equity lines of credit. The commercial loan commitments not secured by real estate primarily represent business lines of credit, while the consumer loan commitments not secured by real estate primarily represent revolving credit card lines and overdraft protection lines. Since some of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. 

40

Table of Contents 

Operating Leases. The Company leases three depository branches, one of which is a land lease on which we own the building, three lending offices, three administrative offices and two non-branch automated teller machine locations. The expiration dates of the leases vary, with the first such lease expiring during 2024 and the last such lease expiring during 2044. Including variable lease expense, total rent expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was 611,000, 507,000 and 407,000, respectively. 
 
 Liquidity 
 
 The Company manages its liquidity to provide the ability to generate funds to support asset growth, meet deposit withdrawals (both anticipated and unanticipated), fund customers' borrowing needs, satisfy maturity of short-term borrowings and maintain reserve requirements. The Company s liquidity needs are managed using assets or liabilities, or both. On the asset side, in addition to cash and due from banks, the Company maintains an investment portfolio which includes unpledged U.S. Government-sponsored agency securities that are classified as available-for-sale. On the liability side, liquidity needs are managed by charging competitive offering rates on deposit products and the use of established lines of credit. 
 
 The Company is a member of the FHLB and can borrow up to 233 million from the FHLB secured by commercial and residential mortgage loans with carrying values totaling 504 million. See Short-term Borrowing Arrangements for additional information on our FHLB borrowing capacity. In addition to its FHLB borrowing line, the Company has unsecured short-term borrowing agreements with three of its correspondent banks in the amounts of 50 million and 20 million. There were no outstanding borrowings to the correspondent banks under these agreements at December 31, 2022 and 2021. There was a 5 million outstanding balance on the FHLB line at December 31 2020. This borrowing matured on May 7, 2021 and was non-interest bearing. There was no outstanding balance on the FHLB borrowing line at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Customer deposits are the Company s primary source of funds. Total deposits increased by 18.8 million from 1.4 billion at December 31, 2021, to 1.5 billion at December 31, 2022. Deposits are held in various forms with varying maturities. The Company s securities portfolio, Federal funds sold, FHLB advances, and cash and due from banks serve as the primary sources of liquidity, providing adequate funding for loans during periods of high loan demand. During periods of decreased lending, funds obtained from the maturing or sale of investments, loan payments, and new deposits are invested in short-term earning assets, such as cash held at the FRB, Federal funds sold and investment securities, to serve as a source of funding for future loan growth. Management believes that the Company s available sources of funds, including borrowings, will provide adequate liquidity for its operations in the foreseeable future. 
 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 
 As a smaller reporting company we are not required to provide the information required by this item. 

41

Table of Contents 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 The following consolidated financial statements of Plumas Bancorp and subsidiary, and report of the independent registered public accounting firm, are included in the Annual Report of Plumas Bancorp to its shareholders for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Page 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting F-2 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Eide Bailly, LLP, San Ramon, California, PCAOB ID F-3 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-5 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-6 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-8 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-9 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 F-10 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-13 

F-1

Table of Contents 

MANAGEMENT S REPORT ON INTERNAL CONTROL OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING 
 
 Management of Plumas Bancorp and subsidiary (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. The Company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed under the supervision of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of the Company s financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, management assessed the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in the 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this assessment, management has determined that the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, is effective. 
 
 Eide Bailly LLP the independent registered public accounting firm that audited the 2022 consolidated financial statements included in this annual report on Form 10-K, has issued an audit report on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, which is included herein. 

F-2

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Board of Directors and Shareholders Plumas Bancorp and Subsidiary Reno, Nevada 
 
 Opinion on the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Plumas Bancorp and Subsidiary (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years in the three-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with auditing standards generally accepted in the United States of America, the Company s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in 2013 Internal Control Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) and our report dated March 16, 2023, expressed an unmodified opinion. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risk of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

F-3

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 (Continued) 
 
 Critical Audit Matters 
 
 The critical audit matters communicated below are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matters below, providing separate opinions on the critical audit matters or on the accounts or disclosures to which they relate. 
 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 As discussed in Note 5 to the Company s consolidated financial statements, the Company has a gross loan portfolio, net of deferred fees and costs of 914.7 million and related allowance for loan losses of 10.7 million as of December 31, 2022. The Company s allowance for loan losses is a material and complex estimate requiring significant management judgment in the evaluation of the credit quality and the estimation of inherent losses within the loan portfolio. The allowance for loan losses includes a general reserve which is determined based on the results of a quantitative and a qualitative analysis of all loans not measured for impairment at the reporting date. 
 
 The Company s general reserves cover non-impaired loans and is based primarily on historical loss rates and qualitative loss factors for each loan segment. In calculating the allowance for loan losses, the Company considers relevant credit quality indicators for each loan segment, stratifies loans by risk rating, and estimates losses for each loan type based upon their nature and risk profile. This process requires significant management judgment in the review of the loan portfolio and assignment of risk ratings based upon the characteristics of loans. In addition, estimation of losses inherent within the portfolio requires significant management judgment in considering the periods of historical loss data to be included in their quantitative analysis. 
 
 Auditing these complex judgments and assumptions involves especially challenging auditor judgment due to the nature and extent of audit evidence and effort required to address these matters, including the extent of specialized skill or knowledge needed. 
 
 The primary procedures we performed to address this critical audit matter included: 
 
 Obtaining an understanding of the design and testing the operating effectiveness of controls relating to management s timely identification of problem loans, appropriate application of loan rating policy, consistency of application of accounting policies and appropriateness of assumptions used in the allowance for loan losses calculation. 

Obtaining an understanding, testing the operating effectiveness of controls, and evaluating the reasonableness of assumptions and sources of data used by management in forming the loss factors by performing retrospective review of historic loan loss experience and analyzing historical data used in developing the assumptions. 

Evaluating the identification and measurement of the qualitative loss factors, including the basis for concluding an adjustment was warranted and compared the adjustments utilized by management to both internal portfolio metrics and external macroeconomic data to support the adjustments and evaluated the trends in such adjustments. We searched for and evaluated information that corroborates or contradicts management s identification and measurement of qualitative loss factors. 

Testing the mathematical accuracy and computation of the allowance for loan losses. 

Evaluating the period to period consistency with which qualitative loss factors are determined and applied. 

/s/ 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2019. Vavrinek, Trine, Day Co., LLP, who joined Eide Bailly LLP in 2019, had served as the Company s auditor since 2013. 
 
 March 16, 2023 

F-4

Table of Contents 

PLUMAS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 

2022 2021 
 ASSETS 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Investment securities available for sale 
 Loans held for sale 
 Loans, less allowance for loan losses of 10,717,000 in December 31, 2022 and 10,352,000 in 2021 
 Other real estate owned 
 Premises and equipment, net 
 Bank owned life insurance 
 Goodwill 
 Accrued interest receivable and other assets 
 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 Deposits: 
 Non-interest bearing 
 Interest bearing 
 
 Total deposits 
 
 Repurchase agreements 
 Accrued interest payable and other liabilities 
 Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures 
 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Commitments and contingencies (Note 12) 
 
 Shareholders' equity: 
 Serial preferred stock - no par value; 10,000,000 shares authorized; none outstanding 
 Common stock - no par value; 22,500,000 shares authorized; issued and outstanding 5,850,216 at December 31, 2022 and 5,816,991 at December 31, 2021 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income, net of taxes 
 
 Total shareholders' equity 
 
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-5

Table of Contents 

PLUMAS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Interest income: 

Interest and fees on loans 

Interest and fees on loans held for sale 

Interest on investment securities: 

Taxable 

Exempt from Federal income taxes 

Other 

Total interest income 

Interest expense: 

Interest on deposits 

Interest on junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures 

Other 

Total interest expense 

Net interest income before provision for loan losses 

Provision for loan losses 

Net interest income after provision for loan losses 

Non-interest income: 

Interchange revenue 

Gain on sale of loans held for sale 

Service charges 

Loan servicing fees 

Loss on sale of investment securities 

() 

Earnings on bank owned life insurance policies, net 

Other 

Total non-interest income 

(Continued) 

F-6

Table of Contents 

PLUMAS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 
 (Continued) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Non-interest expenses: 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy and equipment 

Other 

Total non-interest expenses 

Income before income taxes 

Provision for income taxes 

Net income 

Basic earnings per common share 

Diluted earnings per common share 

Common dividends per share 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-7

Table of Contents 

PLUMAS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Net Income 

Other comprehensive (loss) income: 

Change in net unrealized gain on securities 

() 

() 

Change in unrealized gain on cash flow hedge 

Reclassification adjustments for net loss included in net income 

Net unrealized holding (loss) gain 

() 

() 

Related income tax effect: 

Change in unrealized loss (gain) on securities 

() 

Change in unrealized gain on cash flow hedge 

() 

() 

() 

Reclassification of loss included in net income 

() 

Income tax effect 

() 

Total other comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

() 

Comprehensive (loss) income 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-8

Table of Contents 

PLUMAS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Accumulated 

Other 

Comprehensive 

Total 

Common Stock 

Retained 

Income 

Shareholders 

Shares 

Amount 

Earnings 

(Net of Taxes) 

Equity 

Balance, January 1, 2020 

Net Income 

Other comprehensive income 

Exercise of stock options 

Cash dividends on common stock 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

Net Income 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Issuance of common stock 

Exercise of stock options 

Cash dividends on common stock 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

Net Income 

Other comprehensive loss 

() 

() 

Exercise of stock options 

Grants of restricted stock 

Cash dividends on common stock 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-9

Table of Contents 

PLUMAS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Provision for loan losses 

Change in deferred loan origination costs/fees, net 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of investment security premiums 

Accretion of discounts on investments 

() 

() 

() 

Loss on sale of investment securities 

Gain on sale of loans held for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Loans originated for sale 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from loan sales 

Gain on sale of building 

() 

Provision from change in OREO valuation 

Net loss (gain) on sale of OREO 

() 

Net loss on sale of other vehicles owned 

Earnings on bank owned life insurance policies 

() 

() 

() 

Benefit for deferred income taxes 

() 

() 

Increase in accrued interest receivable and other assets 

() 

() 

() 

Increase in accrued interest payable and other liabilities 

Net cash provided by (used in) operating activities 

() 

(Continued) 

F-10

Table of Contents 

PLUMAS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Continued) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Proceeds from matured and called available-for-sale investment securities 

Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale securities 

Purchases of available-for-sale investment securities 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from principal repayments from available-for-sale government-guaranteed mortgage-backed securities 

Net (increase) decrease in loans 

() 

() 

Cash acquired in acquisition, net of consideration paid 

Proceeds from sale of vehicles 

Proceeds from sale of other real estate 

Proceeds from sale of building 

Purchases of FHLB stock 

() 

() 

() 

Purchase of FRB Stock 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from bank owned life insurance 

Purchases of premises and equipment 

() 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Net increase in demand, interest-bearing and savings deposits 

Net (decrease) increase in time deposits 

() 

() 

Net increase (decrease) in securities sold under agreements to repurchase 

() 

Cash dividends paid on common stock 

() 

() 

() 

Proceeds from FHLB advances 

Repayment of FHLB advances 

() 

() 

Proceeds from exercise of stock options 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

(Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 

Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

(Continued) 

F-11

Table of Contents 

PLUMAS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (Continued) 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Supplemental disclosure of cash flow information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest expense 

Income taxes 

Assets acquired in acquisition plus goodwill recognized, net 

Liabilities assumed in acquisition 

Non-Cash Investing Activities: 

Real estate acquired through foreclosure 

Vehicles acquired through repossession 

Non-Cash Financing Activities: 

Common stock retired in connection with the exercise of stock options 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 

F-12

Table of Contents 

PLUMAS BANCORP AND SUBSIDIARY 
 
 NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

and Trust II of are included in accrued interest receivable and other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. The junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures issued and guaranteed by the Company and held by Trust I and Trust II are reflected as debt on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The accounting and reporting policies of Plumas Bancorp and subsidiary conform with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America and prevailing practices within the banking industry. 

m illion. Net cash flows are reported for customer loans and deposit transactions and repurchase agreements. 

and , respectively of FHLB stock. On the consolidated balance sheet, FHLB stock is included in accrued interest receivable and other assets. 
 
 and , respectively of FRB stock. On the consolidated balance sheet, FRB stock is included in accrued interest receivable and other assets. 
 
 to guaranteed by the Small Business Administration (SBA), US Department of Agriculture Rural Business Cooperative Service (RBS) and Farm Services Agency (FSA). The guaranteed portion of these loans may be sold to a third party, with the Bank retaining the unguaranteed portion. The Company can receive a premium in excess of the adjusted carrying value of the loan at the time of sale. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 , and 2021 the Company had million and million, respectively in guaranteed portions of SBA loans held for sale. Loans held for sale are recorded at the lower of cost or fair value and therefore may be reported at fair value on a non-recurring basis. The fair values for loans held for sale are based on either observable transactions of similar instruments or formally committed loan sale prices. 
 
 SBA Government guaranteed loans with unpaid balances of and were being serviced for others at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 The Company accounts for the transfer and servicing of financial assets based on the fair value of financial and servicing assets it controls and liabilities it has assumed, derecognizes financial assets when control has been surrendered, and derecognizes liabilities when extinguished. 
 
 Servicing rights acquired through 1 a purchase or 2 the origination of loans which are sold or securitized with servicing rights retained are recognized as separate assets or liabilities. Servicing assets or liabilities are recorded at fair value and are subsequently amortized in proportion to and over the period of the related net servicing income or expense. Servicing rights are evaluated for impairment based upon the fair value of the rights as compared to carrying amount. Impairment is determined by stratifying rights into groupings based on predominant risk characteristics, such as interest rate, loan type and investor type. Impairment is recognized through a valuation allowance for an individual grouping, to the extent that fair value is less than the carrying amount. If the Company later determines that all or a portion of the impairment no longer exists for a particular grouping, a reduction of the allowance may be recorded as an increase to income. Changes in valuation allowances are reported with non-interest income on the statement of income. The fair values of servicing rights are subject to significant fluctuations as a result of changes in estimated and actual prepayment speeds and default rates and losses. 
 
 The Company's investment in the loan is allocated between the retained portion of the loan and the sold portion of the loan based on their fair values on the date the loan is sold. The gain on the sold portion of the loan is recognized as income at the time of sale. 
 
 The carrying value of the retained portion of the loan is discounted based on the estimated value of a comparable non-guaranteed loan. 

The risk ratings can be grouped into three major categories, defined as follows: 
 
 Special Mention Loans classified as special mention have a potential weakness that deserves management s close attention. If left uncorrected, these potential weaknesses may result in deterioration of the repayment prospects for the loan or of the institution s credit position at some future date. 
 
 Substandard A substandard loan is not adequately protected by the current sound worth and paying capacity of the borrower or the value of the collateral pledged, if any. Loans classified as substandard have a well-defined weakness or weaknesses that jeopardize the liquidation of the debt. Well defined weaknesses include a project's lack of marketability, inadequate cash flow or collateral support, failure to complete construction on time or the project's failure to fulfill economic expectations. They are characterized by the distinct possibility that the Company will sustain some loss if the deficiencies are not corrected. 
 
 Doubtful Loans classified doubtful have all the weaknesses inherent in those classified as substandard with the added characteristic that the weaknesses make collection or liquidation in full, on the basis of currently known facts, conditions and values, highly questionable and improbable. 
 
 Loans not meeting the criteria above that are analyzed individually as part of the above-described process are considered to be pass-rated loans. 
 
 The general reserve component of the allowance for loan losses associated with loans collectively evaluated for impairment also consists of reserve factors that are based on management's assessment of the following for each portfolio segment: 1 historical losses and 2 other qualitative factors, including inherent credit risk. These reserve factors are inherently subjective and are driven by the repayment risk associated with each portfolio segment described below. 
 
 Commercial Commercial loans are generally underwritten to existing cash flows of operating businesses. Debt coverage is provided by business cash flows and economic trends influenced by unemployment rates and other key economic indicators are closely correlated to the credit quality of these loans. 
 
 Agricultural Loans secured by crop production and livestock are especially vulnerable to two risk factors that are largely outside the control of Company and borrowers: commodity prices and weather conditions. 
 
 Real Estate Residential and Home Equity Lines of Credit The degree of risk in residential real estate lending depends primarily on the loan amount in relation to collateral value, the interest rate and the borrower's ability to repay in an orderly fashion. These loans generally possess a lower inherent risk of loss than other real estate portfolio segments. Economic trends determined by unemployment rates and other key economic indicators are closely correlated to the credit quality of these loans. Weak economic trends indicate that the borrowers' capacity to repay their obligations may be deteriorating. 

Real Estate Commercial Commercial real estate mortgage loans generally possess a higher inherent risk of loss than other real estate portfolio segments, except land and construction loans. Adverse economic developments or an overbuilt market impact commercial real estate projects and may result in troubled loans. Trends in vacancy rates of commercial properties impact the credit quality of these loans. High vacancy rates reduce operating revenues and the ability for properties to produce sufficient cash flow to service debt obligations. 
 
 Real Estate Construction and Land Development Construction and land development loans generally possess a higher inherent risk of loss than other real estate portfolio segments. A major risk arises from the necessity to complete projects within specified cost and timelines. Trends in the construction industry significantly impact the credit quality of these loans, as demand drives construction activity. In addition, trends in real estate values significantly impact the credit quality of these loans, as property values determine the economic viability of construction projects. 
 
 Automobile An automobile loan portfolio is usually comprised of a large number of smaller loans scheduled to be amortized over a specific period. Most automobile loans are made directly for consumer purchases, but business vehicles may also be included. Economic trends determined by unemployment rates and other key economic indicators are closely correlated to the credit quality of these loans. Weak economic trends indicate that the borrowers' capacity to repay their obligations may be deteriorating. 
 
 Other Other loans primarily consist of consumer loans and are similar in nature to automobile loans. 
 
 Although management believes the allowance to be adequate, ultimate losses may vary from its estimates. At least quarterly, the Board of Directors and management review the adequacy of the allowance, including consideration of the relative risks in the portfolio, current economic conditions and other factors. If the Board of Directors and management determine that changes are warranted based on those reviews, the allowance is adjusted. In addition, the Company's primary regulators, the Federal Reserve (FRB) and the Department of Financial Protection and Innovation CFPI ), as an integral part of their examination process, review the adequacy of the allowance. These regulatory agencies may require additions to the allowance based on their judgment about information available at the time of their examinations. 
 
 The Company also maintains a separate allowance for off-balance-sheet commitments. Management estimates anticipated losses using historical data and utilization assumptions. The allowance for these commitments totaled at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and is included in accrued interest payable and other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheet. 

other real estate owned at December 31, 2022. At December 31, 2021 other real estate owned totaled less a valuation allowance of ). None of OREO at December 31, 2021 was secured by residential real estate. There was one consumer mortgage loan with a balance of secured by a residential real estate property for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process at December 31, 2022 and one consumer mortgage loan with a balance of secured by a residential real estate property for which formal foreclosure proceedings were in process at December 31, 2021 . Proceeds from sales of other real estate owned totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. For the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 the Company recorded (losses) gains on sale of other real estate owned of ), and , respectively. Other real estate owned is initially recorded at fair value less cost to sell when acquired, any excess of the Bank's recorded investment in the loan balance and accrued interest income over the estimated fair value of the property less costs to sell is charged against the allowance for loan losses. A valuation allowance for losses on other real estate is maintained to provide for temporary declines in value. The allowance is established through a provision for losses on other real estate which is included in other expenses. Subsequent gains or losses on sales or write-downs resulting from permanent impairment are also recorded in other expenses as incurred. 
 
 The following table provides a summary of the change in the OREO balance for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 : 

Additions 
 Dispositions 
 Write-downs 
 Ending balance 

, , and for 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 
 The gross carrying amount of intangible assets and accumulated amortization was: 

Estimated amortization expense for each of the next five years is , , , and . 
 
 G oodwill totaling was recorded on July 1, 2021 related to the acquisition of Feather River Bancorp. Goodwill is not amortized, but is evaluated for impairment at least annually. The Company did not recognize impairment during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

, and for 2022, 2021 and 2020 , with the related tax benefit of , and , respectively. 

, and or , and per diluted share, respectively. Compensation expense is recognized over the vesting period on a straight-line accounting basis. 
 
 The Company determines the fair value of options on the date of grant using a Black-Scholes-Merton option pricing model that uses assumptions based on expected option life, expected stock volatility and the risk-free interest rate. The expected volatility assumptions used by the Company are based on the historical volatility of the Company s common stock over the most recent period commensurate with the estimated expected life of the Company s stock options. The Company bases its expected life assumption on its historical experience and on the terms and conditions of the stock options it grants to employees. The risk-free rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve for the periods within the contractual life of the options in effect at the time of the grant. 
 
 During 2022 and 2020 the Company granted options to purchase and shares of common stock, respectively. The fair value of each option was estimated on the date of grant using the following assumptions. During 2022 the Company granted shares of restricted stock with a fair value of per share and a one -year vesting period. Compensation costs related to these shares during 2022 totaled . 

Risk free interest rate 
 Annualized Volatility 
 Dividend yields 
 Weighted-average fair value of options granted during the year 

No options were granted during the year ended December 31, 2021. 

and . The estimated decline in equity, net of tax, will range from to . The economic conditions, forecasts and assumptions used in the model could be significantly different in future periods. The impact of the change in the allowance on our results of operations in a provision for credit losses will depend on the current period net charge-offs, level of loan originations, and change in mix of the loan portfolio. The ranges noted above exclude any impact to the Company's reserve for unfunded commitments, which is expected to increase by between and . The estimated decline in equity, net of tax, will range from to . As time progresses and the results of economic conditions require model assumption inputs to change, further refinements to the estimation process may also be identified. 

Fair Value of Financial Instruments 
 
 The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments, at December 31, 2022 are as follows: 

Investment securities 
 Interest rate swaps 
 Loan, held for sale 
 Loans, net 
 FHLB stock N/A 
 FRB Stock N/A 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 Financial liabilities: 
 Deposits 
 Repurchase agreements 
 Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures 
 Accrued interest payable 

The carrying amounts and estimated fair values of financial instruments, at December 31, 2021 are as follows: 

Investment securities 
 Interest rate swaps 
 Loan, held for sale 
 Loans, net 
 FHLB stock N/A 
 FRB Stock N/A 
 Accrued interest receivable 
 Financial liabilities: 
 Deposits 
 Repurchase agreements 
 Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures 
 Accrued interest payable 

Because no market exists for a significant portion of the Company's financial instruments, fair value estimates are based on judgments regarding current economic conditions, risk characteristics of various financial instruments and other factors. Those estimates that are subjective in nature and involve uncertainties and matters of significant judgment and therefore cannot be determined with precision are included in Level 3. Changes in assumptions could significantly affect the fair values presented. 
 
 These estimates do not reflect any premium or discount that could result from offering the Company's entire holdings of a particular financial instrument for sale at one time, nor do they attempt to estimate the value of anticipated future business related to the instruments. In addition, the tax ramifications related to the realization of unrealized gains and losses can have a significant effect on fair value estimates and have not been considered in any of these estimates. 

The following tables present information about the Company s assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring and non-recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , and indicates the fair value hierarchy of the valuation techniques utilized by the Company to determine such fair value: 
 
 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2022 are summarized below: 
 
 - - 
 U.S. Government-sponsored agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations-residential - - 
 U.S. Government agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations-commercial - - 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions - - 
 Interest rate swaps - 
 - - 

Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis at December 31, 2021 are summarized below: 
 
 - - 
 U.S. Government agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations-commercial - - 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions - - 
 Interest rate swaps - - 
 - - 

The fair value of securities available-for-sale equals quoted market price, if available. If quoted market prices are not available, fair value is determined using quoted market prices for similar securities or matrix pricing. There were no changes in the valuation techniques used during 2022 or 2021 . Transfers between hierarchy measurement levels are recognized by the Company as of the beginning of the reporting period. Changes in fair market value are recorded in other comprehensive income. 

There were no assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2022 . 
 
 Assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2021 are summarized below: 

The Company has no liabilities which are reported at fair value. 
 
 The following methods were used to estimate fair value. 
 
 Other Real Estate: Nonrecurring adjustments to certain real estate properties classified as other real estate owned are measured at the lower of carrying amount or fair value, less costs to sell. In cases where the carrying amount exceeds the fair value, less costs to sell, an impairment loss is recognized. Fair values are generally based on third party appraisals of the property which are commonly adjusted by management to reflect current conditions and selling costs (Level 3 ). 
 
 Appraisals for both collateral-dependent impaired loans and other real estate are performed by certified general appraisers (for commercial properties) or certified residential appraisers (for residential properties) whose qualifications and licenses have been reviewed and verified by the Company. Once received, a member of the Loan Administration Department reviews the assumptions and approaches utilized in the appraisal as well as the overall resulting fair value in comparison with independent data sources such as recent market data or industry-wide statistics. On a quarterly basis, the Company compares the actual selling price of similar collateral that has been liquidated to the most recent appraised value for unsold properties to determine what additional adjustment, if any, should be made to the appraisal value to arrive at fair value. Adjustments are routinely made in the appraisal process by the independent appraisers to adjust for differences between the comparable sales and income data available. 
 
 The following table presents quantitative information about Level 3 fair value measurements for financial instruments measured at fair value on a non-recurring basis at December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 
 
 Third Party appraisals Management Adjustments to Reflect Current Conditions and Selling Costs 17 - 51 (37 

U.S. Government-sponsored agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations-residential 
 U.S. Government agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations-commercial 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Unrealized losses on available-for-sale investment securities totaling were recorded, net of in tax benefits, as accumulated other comprehensive loss within shareholders' equity at December 31, 2022. investment securities were sold during the year ended December 31 2022. 

U.S. Government agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations-commercial 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Unrealized gain on available-for-sale investment securities totaling were recorded, net of in tax expense, as accumulated other comprehensive income within shareholders' equity at December 31, 2021. During the year ended December 31, 2021 the Company sold twenty-nine available-for-sale investment securities for total proceeds of recording a loss on sale. The Company realized a gain on sale from twenty-five of these securities totaling and a loss on sale on four securities of . 
 
 Unrealized gains on available-for-sale investment securities totaling were recorded, net of in tax expense, as accumulated other comprehensive loss within shareholders' equity at December 31, 2020. No investment securities were sold during the year ended December 31 2020. 
 
 Investment securities with unrealized losses at December 31, 2022 are summarized and classified according to the duration of the loss period as follows: 

U.S. Government-sponsored agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations-residential 
 U.S. Government agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations-commercial 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

Investment securities with unrealized losses at December 31, 2021 are summarized and classified according to the duration of the loss period as follows: 

U.S. Government agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations-commercial 
 Obligations of states and political subdivisions 

At December 31, 2022 , the Company held securities of which were in a loss position for less than twelve months and were in a loss position for twelve months or more. Of the 400 securities are U.S. Treasury securities, are U.S. Government-sponsored agencies collateralized by residential mortgage obligations, were U.S. Government agencies collateralized by commercial mortgage obligations and were obligations of states and political subdivisions. The unrealized losses relate principally to market rate conditions. All of the securities continue to pay as scheduled. When analyzing an issuer s financial condition, management considers the length of time and extent to which the market value has been less than cost; the historical and implied volatility of the security; the financial condition of the issuer of the security; and the Company s intent and ability to hold the security to recovery. As of December 31, 2022 , management does not have the intent to sell these securities nor does it believe it is more likely than not that it will be required to sell these securities before the recovery of its amortized cost basis. Based on the Company s evaluation of the above and other relevant factors, the Company does not believe the securities that are in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 are other than temporarily impaired. 
 
 The amortized cost and estimated fair value of investment securities at December 31, 2022 by contractual maturity are shown below. Expected maturities will differ from contractual maturities because the issuers of the securities may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

After one year through five years 
 After five years through ten years 
 After ten years 
 Investment securities not due at a single maturity date: 
 U.S. Government-sponsored agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations-residential 
 U.S. Government agencies collateralized by mortgage obligations-commercial 

Investment securities with amortized costs totaling and and estimated fair values totaling and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively, were pledged to secure deposits and repurchase agreements. 
 
 There were no transfers of available-for-sale investment securities during the years ended December 31, 2022 , 2021 or 2020 . There were securities classified as held-to-maturity at December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021 . 

Agricultural 
 Real estate residential 
 Real estate commercial 
 Real estate construction land development 
 Equity lines of credit 
 Auto 
 Other 
 
 Deferred loan costs, net 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 Loans, net 

Changes in the allowance for loan losses were as follows: 

Provision charged to operations 
 Losses charged to allowance 
 Recoveries 
 Balance, end of year 

The recorded investment in impaired loans totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The Company had specific allowances for loan losses of on impaired loans of at December 31, 2022 as compared to specific allowances for loan losses of on impaired loans of at December 31, 2021 . The balance of impaired loans in which no specific reserves were required totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The average recorded investment in impaired loans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The Company recognized , and in interest income on impaired loans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 Included in impaired loans are troubled debt restructurings. A troubled debt restructuring is a formal restructure of a loan where the Company for economic or legal reasons related to the borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower. The concessions may be granted in various forms to include one or a combination of the following: a reduction of the stated interest rate of the loan, an extension of the maturity date at a stated rate of interest lower than the current market rate for new debt with similar risk, or a permanent reduction of the recorded investment in the loan. 

In order to determine whether a borrower is experiencing financial difficulty, an evaluation is performed of the probability that the borrower will be in payment default on any of its debt in the foreseeable future without the modification. This evaluation is performed under the Company s internal underwriting policy. 
 
 The carrying value of troubled debt restructurings at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 was and , respectively. The Company has allocated and of specific reserves on loans to customers whose loan terms have been modified in troubled debt restructurings as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 , respectively. The Company has not committed to lend additional amounts on loans classified as troubled debt restructurings at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 . 
 
 There were new troubled debt restructurings during the twelve months ending December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 There were troubled debt restructurings for which there was a payment default within twelve months following the modification during the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021 , nonaccrual loans totaled and , respectively. Interest foregone on nonaccrual loans totaled , and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. There were loans past due 90 days or more and on accrual status at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 . interest was recognized on nonaccrual loans accounted on a cash basis during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 . 
 
 Salaries and employee benefits totaling , and have been deferred as loan origination costs during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 Purchased Credit Impaired Loans (PCI): 
 
 Upon the acquisition of FRB the Company acquired loans, for which there was, at acquisition, evidence of deterioration of credit quality since origination and it was probable, at acquisition, that all contractually required payments would not be collected. The carrying amount of those loans at December 31, 2022 was . This amount reflects an outstanding balance of net of an unaccretable discount of . The carrying amount of those loans at December 31, 2021 was . This amount reflects an outstanding balance of net of an unaccretable discount of . 
 
 Accretable yield, or income expected to be collected, is as follows: 

Additions 
 Removals 1 (1) 
 Accretion (4) 
 Balance at December 31, 2021 
 Additions 
 Removals 1 
 Accretion 
 Balance at December 31, 2022 

1 Represents the accretable difference that is relieved when a loan exits the PCI population due to payoff, full charge-off, or transfer to repossessed assets, etc. 

The following tables show the loan portfolio allocated by management's internal risk ratings at the dates indicated, in thousands: 

Special Mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total 

Special Mention 
 Substandard 
 Doubtful 
 Total 

Non-performing 
 Total 

The following tables show the allocation of the allowance for loan losses at the dates indicated, in thousands: 

Charge-offs 
 Recoveries 
 Provision 
 Ending balance 
 
 Year ended 12/31/21: 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Beginning balance 
 Charge-offs 
 Recoveries 
 Provision 
 Ending balance 
 
 Year ended 12/31/20: 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Beginning balance 
 Charge-offs 
 Recoveries 
 Provision 
 Ending balance 
 
 December 31, 2022: 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance 
 Loans 
 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance 
 
 December 31, 2021: 
 Allowance for Loan Losses 
 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance 
 Loans 
 Ending balance: individually evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance: collectively evaluated for impairment 
 Ending balance 

The following tables show an aging analysis of the loan portfolio by the time past due, in thousands: 

Agricultural 
 Real estate - residential 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate construction land 
 Equity Lines of Credit 
 Auto 
 Other 
 Total 

Agricultural 
 Real estate - residential 
 Real estate - commercial 
 Real estate construction land 
 Equity Lines of Credit 
 Auto 
 Other 
 Total 

The following tables show information related to impaired loans at the dates indicated, in thousands: 
 
 - 
 Agricultural - 
 Real estate residential - 
 Real estate commercial - 
 Real estate construction land - 
 Equity Lines of Credit - 
 Auto - 
 Other - 
 With an allowance recorded: 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Real estate residential 
 Real estate commercial 
 Real estate construction land 
 Equity Lines of Credit 
 Auto 
 Other 
 Total: 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Real estate residential 
 Real estate commercial 
 Real estate construction land 
 Equity Lines of Credit 
 Auto 
 Other 
 Total 

The following tables show information related to impaired loans at the dates indicated, in thousands: 
 - 
 Agricultural - 
 Real estate residential - 
 Real estate commercial - 
 Real estate construction land - 
 Equity Lines of Credit - 
 Auto - 
 Other - 
 With an allowance recorded: 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Real estate residential 
 Real estate commercial 
 Real estate construction land 
 Equity Lines of Credit 
 Auto 
 Other 
 Total: 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Real estate residential 
 Real estate commercial 
 Real estate construction land 
 Equity Lines of Credit 
 Auto 
 Other 
 Total 

- 
 Agricultural - 
 Real estate residential - 
 Real estate commercial - 
 Real estate construction land - 
 Equity Lines of Credit - 
 Auto - 
 Other - 
 With an allowance recorded: 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Real estate residential 
 Real estate commercial 
 Real estate construction land 
 Equity Lines of Credit 
 Auto 
 Other 
 Total: 
 Commercial 
 Agricultural 
 Real estate residential 
 Real estate commercial 
 Real estate construction land 
 Equity Lines of Credit 
 Auto 
 Other 
 Total 

Premises 

Furniture, equipment and leasehold improvements 

Total 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

() 

() 

Premises and equipment, net 

Depreciation and amortization included in occupancy and equipment expense totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Savings 
 Time, 250,000 or more 
 Other time 
 Interest-bearing deposits 

At December 31, 2022 , the scheduled maturities of time deposits were as follows: 
 
 2024 
 2025 
 2026 
 2027 
 thereafter 

Deposit overdrafts reclassified as loan balances were and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively are secured by U.S. Government agency securities with a carrying amount of and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. 
 
 Securities sold under agreements to repurchase are financing arrangements that mature within two years. At maturity, the securities underlying the agreements are returned to the Company. Information concerning securities sold under agreements to repurchase during 2022 and 2021 is summarized as follows: 

Average interest rate during the year 

Maximum month-end balance during the year 

Weighted average interest rate at year-end 

million from the FHLB secured by commercial and residential mortgage loans with carrying values totaling million. The Company is required to hold FHLB stock as a condition of membership. At December 31, 2022 the Company held million of FHLB stock which is recorded as a component of other assets. Based on this level of stock holdings the Company can borrow up to million. To borrow the full 233 million in available credit the Company would need to purchase million in additional FHLB stock. In addition to its FHLB borrowing line, the Company has unsecured short-term borrowing agreements with two of its correspondent banks in the amounts of million and million. There were no outstanding borrowings to the FHLB or the correspondent banks at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company maintained a million line of credit facility with one of its correspondent banks (the "Note"). Interest on the Note was payable at the "Prime Rate". There were borrowings on the Note during 2022 or 2021. The Note was secured by shares of Plumas Bank stock representing the Company's 100 ownership interest in Plumas Bank. Under the Note, the Bank was subject to several negative and affirmative covenants including, but not limited to, providing timely financial information, maintaining specified levels of capital, restrictions on additional borrowings, and meeting or exceeding certain capital and asset quality ratios. The Bank was in compliance with all such covenants related to the Note at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2020. 
 
 On January 25, 2022 the Company replaced this facility with a million Loan Agreement (the Loan Agreement and Promissory Note (the Term Note ). The Term Note matures on January 25, 2035 and can be prepaid at any time. During the initial three years of the Loan Agreement the Term Note functions as an interest only revolving line of credit. Beginning on year four the Term Note converts into a term loan requiring semi-annual principal and interest payments and no further advances can be made. The proceeds of this lending facility shall be used by the Company for general corporation purposes, and to provide capital injections into the Bank. The Term Note bears interest at a fixed rate of for the first 5 years and then at a floating interest rate linked to WSJ Prime Rate for the remaining eight year term. The Loan Agreement provides for a loan fee. The Note is secured by the common stock of the Bank. The Loan Agreement contains certain financial and non-financial covenants, which include, but are not limited to, a minimum leverage ratio at the Bank, a minimum total risk-based capital ratio at the Bank, a maximum Texas Ratio at the Bank, a minimum level of Tier 1 capital at the Bank and a return on average assets needed to generate a 1.25X debt service coverage ratio. The Loan Agreement also contains customary events of default, including, but not limited to, failure to pay principal or interest, the commencement of certain bankruptcy proceedings, and certain adverse regulatory events affecting the Company or the Bank. Upon the occurrence of an event of default under the Loan Agreement, the Company s obligations under the Loan Agreement may be accelerated. The Company was in compliance with all covenants related to the Term Note at December 31, 2022 and has not borrowed on the Term Note. 
 
 There were borrowings on the Note or the Term Note during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 . 

and , respectively, for the sole purpose of issuing trust preferred securities fully and unconditionally guaranteed by the Company. 
 
 During 2002, Plumas Statutory Trust I issued Floating Rate Capital Trust Pass-Through Securities ("Trust Preferred Securities"), with a liquidation value of per security, for gross proceeds of . During 2005, Plumas Statutory Trust II issued Trust Preferred Securities with a liquidation value of per security, for gross proceeds of . The entire proceeds were invested by Trust I in the amount of and Trust II in the amount of in Floating Rate Junior Subordinated Deferrable Interest Debentures (the "Subordinated Debentures") issued by the Company, with identical maturity, repricing and payment terms as the Trust Preferred Securities. The Subordinated Debentures represent the sole assets of Trusts I and II. 
 
 Trust I s Subordinated Debentures mature on September 26, 2032, bear a current interest rate of (based on 3 -month LIBOR plus ), with repricing and payments due quarterly. Trust II s Subordinated Debentures mature on September 28, 2035, bear a current interest rate of (based on 3 -month LIBOR plus ), with repricing and payments due quarterly. The Subordinated Debentures are redeemable by the Company, subject to receipt by the Company of prior approval from the Federal Reserve Board of Governors, on any quarterly anniversary date on or after the 5 -year anniversary date of the issuance. The redemption price is par plus accrued and unpaid interest, except in the case of redemption under a special event which is defined in the debenture. The Trust Preferred Securities are subject to mandatory redemption to the extent of any early redemption of the Subordinated Debentures and upon maturity of the Subordinated Debentures on September 26, 2032 for Trust I and September 28, 2035 for Trust II. 
 
 Holders of the Trust Preferred Securities are entitled to a cumulative cash distribution on the liquidation amount of per security. The interest rate of the Trust Preferred Securities issued by Trust I adjust on each quarterly anniversary date to equal the 3 -month LIBOR plus 3.40 . The Trust Preferred Securities issued by Trust II adjust on each quarterly anniversary date to equal the 3 -month LIBOR plus 1.48 . Both Trusts I and II have the option to defer payment of the distributions for a period of up to five years, as long as the Company is not in default on the payment of interest on the Subordinated Debentures. 
 
 The Trust Preferred Securities were sold and issued in private transactions pursuant to an exemption from registration under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended. The Company has guaranteed, on a subordinated basis, distributions and other payments due on the Trust Preferred Securities. 
 
 Interest expense, net of the effect of interest rate swaps, recognized by the Company for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 related to the subordinated debentures was , and , respectively. 

million, effectively converting the million in Subordinated Debentures to fixed obligations. The swaps have a year maturity and fix the labor rate on the Subordinated Debentures at approximately basis points. These agreements have been designated and qualify as cash flow hedging instruments and, as such, changes in the fair value are recorded in accumulated other comprehensive income/loss to the extent the agreements are effective hedges. The swaps were determined to be fully effective during all periods presented. As such, no amount of ineffectiveness has been included in net income. Therefore, the aggregate fair value of the swaps is recorded in other assets with changes in fair value recorded in other comprehensive income . The amount included in accumulated other comprehensive income would be reclassified to current earnings should the hedges no longer be considered effective. In January, 2023 we terminated the swap agreements receiving million in proceeds on termination. 
 
 Summary information about the interest-rate swaps designated as cash flow hedges as of year-end is as follows: 

Weighted average pay rates 
 Weighted average remaining maturity (in years) 
 Unrealized gains 

Interest income (expense) recorded on these swap transactions totaled for the year ended December 31, 2022 and during 2021 and is reported as a component of interest expense on the Subordinated Debentures. 

and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively were included in other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Lease liabilities totaling and at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively were included in other liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets. 
 
 As our leases do not provide an implicit rate, we use our incremental borrowing rate based on the information available at the lease commencement date in determining the present value of the lease payments. The Company s weighted average incremental borrowing rate used in the calculation of the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities was estimated at . 
 
 The following table presents a maturity analysis of the operating lease liability at December 31, 2022 : 

Year ended December 31, 2024 
 Year ended December 31, 2024 
 Year ended December 31, 2026 
 Year ended December 31, 2027 
 Thereafter 
 
 Less: Present value discount 
 Lease Liability December 31, 2022 

The weighted-average remaining lease term is years. 
 
 Total lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2022 were consisting of related to operating leases, related to short-term leases and variable lease expense of . Total lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2021 were consisting of related to operating leases, related to short-term leases and variable lease expense of . Total lease costs for the year ended December 31, 2020 were consisting of related to operating leases, related to short-term leases and variable lease expense of . Cash paid on operating leases was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Rental expense included in occupancy and equipment expense totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Financial Instruments With Off-Balance-Sheet Risk 
 
 The Company is a party to financial instruments with off-balance-sheet risk in the normal course of business in order to meet the financing needs of its customers. These financial instruments include commitments to extend credit and letters of credit. These instruments involve, to varying degrees, elements of credit and interest rate risk in excess of the amount recognized on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The Company's exposure to credit loss in the event of nonperformance by the other party for commitments to extend credit and letters of credit is represented by the contractual amount of those instruments. The Company uses the same credit policies in making commitments and letters of credit as it does for loans included on the consolidated balance sheet. 
 
 The following financial instruments represent off-balance-sheet credit risk: 

Letters of credit 

Commitments to extend credit are agreements to lend to a customer as long as there is no violation of any condition established in the contract. Commitments generally have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses and may require payment of a fee. Since some of the commitments are expected to expire without being drawn upon, the total commitment amounts do not necessarily represent future cash requirements. The Company evaluates each customer's creditworthiness on a case-by-case basis. The amount of collateral obtained, if deemed necessary by the Company upon extension of credit, is based on management's credit evaluation of the borrower. Collateral held varies, but may include accounts receivable, crops, inventory, equipment, income-producing commercial properties, farmland and residential properties. 
 
 Letters of credit are conditional commitments issued by the Company to guarantee the performance of a customer to a third party. The credit risk involved in issuing letters of credit is essentially the same as that involved in extending loans to customers. The fair value of the liability related to these letters of credit, which represents the fees received for issuing the guarantees, was not significant at December 31, 2022 and 2021 . The Company recognizes these fees as revenues over the term of the commitment or when the commitment is used. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 , consumer loan commitments represent approximately of total commitments and are generally unsecured. Commercial and agricultural loan commitments represent approximately of total commitments and are generally secured by various assets of the borrower. Real estate loan commitments, including consumer home equity lines of credit, represent the remaining of total commitments and are generally secured by property with a loan-to-value ratio not to exceed . In addition, the majority of the Company s commitments have variable interest rates. 
 
 Concentrations of Credit Risk 
 
 The Company grants real estate mortgage, real estate construction, commercial, agricultural and consumer loans to customers throughout Plumas, Nevada, Placer, Lassen, Sierra, Shasta, Sutter and Modoc counties in California and Washoe and Carson City counties in Northern Nevada. Although the Company has a diversified loan portfolio, a substantial portion of its portfolio is secured by commercial and residential real estate. A continued substantial decline in the economy in general, or a continued decline in real estate values in the Company s primary market areas in particular, could have an adverse impact on the collectability of these loans. However, personal and business income represents the primary source of repayment for a majority of these loans. 
 
 Contingencies 
 
 The Company is subject to legal proceedings and claims which arise in the ordinary course of business. In the opinion of management, the amount of ultimate liability with respect to such actions will not materially affect the financial position or results of operations of the Company. 

. In addition, the Company s ability to pay dividends is subject to certain covenants contained in the indentures relating to the Trust Preferred Securities issued by the business trusts (see Note 10 for additional information related to the Trust Preferred Securities). 
 
 During 2022 the Company paid quarterly cash dividends of on November 15, 2022, August 15, 2022, May 16, 2022 and February 15, 2022. During 2021 the Company paid quarterly cash dividends of per share on February 15, 2021, May 17, 2021, August 16, 2021 and November 15, 2021. During 2020 the Company paid quarterly cash dividends of per share dividends on May 15, 2020, August 14, 2020 and November 16, 2020. 
 
 Earnings Per Share 
 
 Basic earnings per share is computed by dividing income available to common shareholders by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. Diluted earnings per share reflects the potential dilution that could occur if securities or other contracts to issue common stock, such as stock options, result in the issuance of common stock which shares in the earnings of the Company. The treasury stock method has been applied to determine the dilutive effect of stock options in computing diluted earnings per share. 

Earnings Per Share: 
 Basic earnings per share 
 Diluted earnings per share 
 Weighted Average Number of Shares Outstanding: 
 Basic shares 
 Diluted shares 

Shares of common stock issuable under stock options and warrants for which the exercise prices were greater than the average market prices were not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share due to their antidilutive effect. Stock options and warrants not included in the computation of diluted earnings per share, due to shares not being in the-money and having an antidilutive effect, were , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Stock Options 
 
 In May 2022, the Company s shareholders approved the 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (the 2022 Plan ), which provides for the grant of up to shares of common stock, including shares that remained available for grant under the 2013 Stock Option Plan when the 2022 Plan was adopted. The 2022 Plan provides for the grant of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units and other stock-based awards. The frequency, amount and terms of stock-based awards may be determined by the Board of Directors or its compensation committee, consistent with the terms and purposes of the 2022 plan. 
 
 In May 2013, the Company established the 2013 Stock Option Plan for which shares of common stock are reserved. With the establishment of the Company s 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, no further options may be issued under the 2013 Stock Option Plan, though options previously granted continue to be outstanding and governed by the plan. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, options were granted under the 2022 plan. There were options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 under the 2013 plan. During the year ended December 31, 2020 options were granted under the 2013 plan. 
 
 A summary of the activity within the 2013 Plan follows: 

Option granted 
 Options cancelled 
 Options exercised 
 Options outstanding at December 31, 2020 
 Options cancelled 
 Options exercised 
 Options outstanding at December 31, 2021 
 Options exercised 
 Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 Expected to vest after December 31, 2022 

A summary of the activity within the 2022 Plan follows: 

Options granted 
 Options outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 - 
 Expected to vest after December 31, 2022 

The following information relates to the two plans. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested, share-based compensation under the 2013 plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to non-vested stock options, share-based compensation under the 2022 plan. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Compensation cost related to stock options recognized in operating results under the plans was , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. The associated future income tax benefit recognized was , , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 The total fair value of options vested was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. The total intrinsic value of options at time of exercise was and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Cash received from option exercises for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was , and , respectively. The tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from option exercise totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

Restricted Stock 
 
 During 2022 the Company granted shares of restricted stock with a fair value of per share and a one year vesting period. Compensation costs related to these shares during 2022 totaled . As of December 31, 2022, there was of total unrecognized compensation cost related to restricted stock. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 Regulatory Capital 
 
 The Bank is subject to certain regulatory capital requirements administered by the FDIC. Failure to meet these minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory and possibly additional discretionary, actions by regulators that, if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company's consolidated financial statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines, the Bank must meet specific capital guidelines that involved quantitative measures of their assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet items as calculated under regulatory accounting practices. These quantitative measures are established by regulation and require that minimum amounts and ratios of total and Tier 1 capital to risk-weighted assets and of Tier 1 capital to average assets be maintained. Capital amounts and classifications are also subject to qualitative judgments by the regulators about components, risk weightings and other factors. 
 
 The Bank is also subject to additional capital guidelines under the regulatory framework for prompt corrective action. To be categorized as well capitalized, the Bank must maintain total risk-based, Tier 1 risk-based and Tier 1 leverage ratios as set forth in the table on the following page and cannot be subject to a written agreement, order or capital directive issued by the FRB. 
 
 In July, 2013, the federal bank regulatory agencies adopted rules implementing the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision s capital guidelines for U.S. banks, sometimes called Basel III, that increased the minimum regulatory capital requirements for bank holding companies and banks and implemented strict eligibility criteria for regulatory capital instruments. The Basel III capital rules include a minimum common equity Tier 1 ratio of , a Tier 1 capital ratio of , a total risk-based capital ratio of , and a minimum leverage ratio of (calculated as Tier 1 capital to average consolidated assets). The minimum capital levels required to be considered well capitalized include a common equity Tier 1 ratio of , a Tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of , a total risk-based capital ratio of and a leverage ratio of . In addition, the Basel III capital rules require that banking organizations maintain a capital conservation buffer of above the minimum capital requirements in order to avoid restrictions on their ability to pay dividends, repurchase stock or pay discretionary bonuses. Including the capital conservation buffer of 2.5 , the Basel III capital rules require the following minimum ratios for a bank holding company or bank to be considered well capitalized: a common equity Tier 1 capital ratio of 7.0 a Tier 1 capital ratio of 8.5 , and a total capital ratio of 10.5 . At December 31, 2022 , the Company s and the Bank s capital ratios exceed the thresholds necessary to be considered well capitalized under the Basel III framework. 
 
 Under the FRB s Small Bank Holding Company and Savings and Loan Holding Company Policy Statement (the Policy Statement ), qualifying bank holding companies with less than billion in consolidated assets are exempt from the consolidated capital rules. The Company qualifies for treatment under the Policy Statement and is not currently subject to the Basel III consolidated capital rules at the bank holding company level. The new capital rules continue to apply to the Bank. 
 
 In 2019, the federal banking agencies issued a rule establishing a community bank leverage ratio (the ratio of a bank s tier 1 capital to average total consolidated assets) that qualifying institutions with less than 10 billion in assets may elect to use in lieu of the generally applicable leverage and risk-based capital requirements under Basel III. A qualifying banking organization that elects to use the new ratio will be considered to have met all applicable federal regulatory capital and leverage requirements, including the minimum capital levels required to be considered well capitalized, if it maintains community bank leverage ratio capital exceeding 9 . The new rule became effective on January 1, 2020. Plumas Bank has chosen not to opt into the community bank leverage ratio at this time. 
 
 The following table sets forth the Bank's actual capital amounts and ratios (dollar amounts in thousands): 
 
 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 
 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 
 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 
 
 December 31, 2021 
 Common Equity Tier 1 Ratio 
 Tier 1 Leverage Ratio 
 Tier 1 Risk-Based Capital Ratio 
 Total Risk-Based Capital Ratio 

1 Does not include amounts required under the capital conservation buffer discussed above. 
 
 The current and projected capital positions of the Company and the Bank and the impact of capital plans and long- term strategies are reviewed regularly by management. The Company policy is to maintain the Bank s ratios above the prescribed well-capitalized ratios at all times. Management believes that the Bank currently meets all its capital adequacy requirements. 

Professional fees 

Telephone and data communications 

Armored car and courier 

Advertising and promotion 

Director compensation, education and retirement 

Deposit insurance 

Business development 

Amortization of Core Deposit Intangible 

Loan collection costs 

Stationery and supplies 

Provision from change in OREO valuation 

Loss (gain) on sale of OREO 

() 

Other operating expense 

Other non-interest expense 

Deferred 
 Provision for income taxes 

Deferred 
 Provision for income taxes 

Deferred 
 Provision for income taxes 

Deferred tax assets (liabilities) consisted of the following: 

Deferred compensation 
 Loans held for sale 
 Premises and equipment 
 Deferred loan fees 
 Unrealized loss on available-for-sale investment securities 
 Other 
 Total deferred tax assets 
 
 Deferred tax liabilities: 
 
 Deferred loan costs 
 Unrealized gain on available-for-sale investment securities 
 Purchase accounting adjustments 
 Unrealized gain on cash flow hedge 
 Other 
 Total deferred tax liabilities 
 Net deferred tax assets 

Deferred tax assets and liabilities are recognized for the tax consequences of temporary differences between the reported amount of assets and liabilities and their tax bases. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to be recovered or settled. The determination of the amount of deferred income tax assets which are more likely than not to be realized is primarily dependent on projections of future earnings, which are subject to uncertainty and estimates that may change given economic conditions and other factors. The realization of deferred income tax assets is assessed and a valuation allowance is recorded if it is "more likely than not" that all or a portion of the deferred tax asset will not be realized. "More likely than not" is defined as greater than a 50 chance. All available evidence, both positive and negative is considered to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance is needed. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 total deferred tax assets were approximately and total deferred tax liabilities were approximately for a net deferred tax asset of . The Company s deferred tax assets primarily relate timing differences in the tax deductibility of unrealized losses on investment securities, deprecation on premises and equipment, the provision for loan losses and deferred compensation. Based upon our analysis of available evidence, management of the Company determined that it is "more likely than not" that all of our deferred income tax assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 will be fully realized and therefore valuation allowance was recorded. On the consolidated balance sheet, net deferred tax assets are included in accrued interest receivable and other assets. 

The Company recognized, as components of tax expense, tax credits and other tax benefits, and amortization expense relating to our investment in Qualified Affordable House Projects as follows: 

Amortizaton - increase in tax expense 

The carrying value of Low Income Housing Tax Credit Funds was and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has committed to make additional capital contributions to the Low Income Housing Tax Credit Funds in the amount of , and these contributions are expected to be made over the next several years. 
 
 The provision for income taxes differs from amounts computed by applying the statutory Federal income tax rate to operating income before income taxes. The significant items comprising these differences consisted of the following: 

State franchise tax, net of Federal tax effect 
 Interest on obligations of states and political subdivisions 
 Net increase in cash surrender value of bank owned life insurance 
 Other 
 Effective tax rate 

The Company and its subsidiary file income tax returns in the U.S. federal and applicable state jurisdictions. The Company conducts all of its business activities in the states of California, Nevada and Oregon. There are currently no pending U.S. federal, state, and local income tax or non-U.S. income tax examinations by tax authorities. 
 
 With few exceptions, the Company is no longer subject to tax examinations by U.S. Federal taxing authorities for years ended before December 31, 2019, and by state and local taxing authorities for years ended before December 31, 2018. 
 
 The unrecognized tax benefits and changes therein and the interest and penalties accrued by the Company as of or during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were not significant. The Company does not expect the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits to significantly increase or decrease in the next twelve months. 

Disbursements 
 Amounts repaid 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 
 Undisbursed commitments to related parties, December 31, 2022 

of the employee s contribution up to a total of of the employee s compensation totaling , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 
 
 Salary Continuation and Retirement Agreements 
 
 Salary continuation and retirement agreements are in place for the Company s president, its current executive vice presidents, members of the Board of Directors as well as former executives and former directors. Under these agreements, the directors and executives will receive monthly payments for periods ranging from ten to fifteen years, after retirement. The estimated present value of these future benefits is accrued over the period from the effective dates of the agreements until the participants' expected retirement dates. The expense recognized under these plans for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 totaled , and , respectively. Accrued compensation payable under these plans totaled and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. In addition, balances totaling at December 31, 2021 were related to former executive officers of Bank of Feather River. These balances were paid in January, 2022. 
 
 In connection with some of these agreements, the Bank purchased single premium life insurance policies with cash surrender values totaling and at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , respectively. Income earned on these policies, net of expenses, totaled , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 , respectively. 

in cash (the Aggregate Cash Amount and (ii) shares of Plumas Common Stock (the Aggregate Plumas Share Amount ). Holders of Common Shares received either in cash or shares of Plumas Common Stock. The value of the total deal consideration was approximately million, which is based upon the volume-weighted average trading price of Plumas common stock for the 10 trading days ending on the last trading day immediately preceding July 1, 2021, the closing date of the Merger. 
 
 Immediately after the Transaction, the newly combined company, operating as Plumas Bancorp with its banking subsidiary, Plumas Bank, had total assets of approximately billion. 

The following table reflects the estimated fair values of the assets acquired and liabilities assumed related to the FRB Acquisition as of July 1, 2021 in thousands): 

Loans 
 Core deposit intangible 
 Goodwill 
 Bank premises and equipment 
 Right of use asset 
 Other assets 
 Total assets acquired 
 
 Liabilities: 
 Deposits: 
 Non-interest bearing 
 Interest bearing 
 Savings accounts 
 Money market accounts 
 Time accounts 
 Total deposits 
 
 Lease Liabilities 
 Deferred tax liability 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities assumed 
 Merger consideration (cash payments of 4.7 million and 18.7 million in stock) 

The following table presents the net assets acquired from FRB and the estimated fair value adjustments as of July 1, 2021 in thousands): 

Fair value adjustments: 
 Loans 
 Bank premises and equipment 
 Right of use asset 
 Lease liability 
 Core deposit intangible asset 
 Total purchase accounting adjustments 
 Deferred tax liabilities (tax effect of purchase accounting adjustments at 29.56 
 Fair value of net assets acquired from FRB 
 
 Merger consideration 
 Less: fair value of net assets acquired from FRB 
 Goodwill 

As a result of the Acquisition, we recorded million in goodwill, which represents the excess of the total purchase price paid over the fair value of the assets acquired, net of the fair values of liabilities assumed. Goodwill mainly reflects expected value created through the combined operations of Plumas Bank and Bank of Feather River. Goodwill arising from the acquisition consist largely of the synergies and economies of scale expected from combining the operations into Plumas Bank. None of the goodwill recognized is expected to be deductible for income tax purposes. 

Investment in bank subsidiary 
 Interest rate swaps 
 Other assets 
 
 Total assets 
 
 LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 Other liabilities 
 Junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures 
 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Shareholders' equity: 
 Common stock 
 Retained earnings 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income 
 
 Total shareholders' equity 
 
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF INCOME AND COMPREHENSIVE INCOME 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Earnings from investment in Plumas Statutory Trust I and II 
 
 Total income 
 
 Expenses: 
 Interest on junior subordinated deferrable interest debentures 
 Other expenses 
 
 Total expenses 
 
 Income before equity in undistributed income of subsidiary 
 
 Equity in undistributed income of subsidiary 
 
 Income before income taxes 
 Income tax benefit 
 Net income 
 
 Total comprehensive (loss) income 

CONDENSED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 
 For the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities: 
 Undistributed income of subsidiary 
 Stock-based compensation expense 
 Increase in other assets 
 (Decrease) increase in other liabilities 
 Net cash provided by operating activities 
 
 Cash flows from investing activities: 
 Cash paid in acquisition 
 
 Cash flows from financing activities: 
 Cash dividends paid on common stock 
 Proceeds from exercise of stock options 
 Net cash used in financing activities 
 
 (Decrease) increase in cash and cash equivalents 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at beginning of year 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents at end of year 

of trust preferred securities of Plumas Statutory Trust I Trust I and of trust preferred securities of Plumas Statutory Trust II Trust II ). The trust preferred securities are being redeemed, along with an aggregate of in common securities issued by the trusts and held by the Company, as a result of the concurrent redemption of 100 of the Company s junior subordinated debentures due 2032 held by Trust I and 100 of the Company s junior subordinated debentures due 2035 held by Trust II underlying the trust preferred securities. 
 
 The redemption prices for the junior subordinated debentures will be equal to 100 of the respective principal amounts, which total , plus accrued interest up to the redemption date. The proceeds from the redemption of the junior subordinated debentures will be simultaneously applied to redeem all of the outstanding common securities and the outstanding trust preferred securities at a price of 100 of the aggregate principal amount of the trust preferred securities plus accumulated but unpaid distributions up to the redemption date. Funding for the redemption will be provided from borrowings on our Term Note. See Note 9 Borrowing Arrangements in these Consolidated Financial Statements for a description of the terms and conditions of the Term Note. 
 
 The trust preferred securities of Plumas Statutory Trust II were redeemed on March 15, 2023 and the trust preferred securities of Plumas Statutory Trust I are scheduled to be redeemed on March 26, 2023. 

ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures . 
 
 The Company s management, including the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, have evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this report. Based on that evaluation, the Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports we file and submit under the Exchange Act is (i) recorded, processed, summarized and reported as and when required and (ii) accumulated and communicated to management, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 
 Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 
 
 During the fourth quarter of 2022, no change in the Company s internal control over financial reporting was identified in connection with this evaluation that has materially affected or is reasonably likely to materially affect internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Management's Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and Attestation Report of Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are set forth in our consolidated financial statements and the reports thereon set forth in Item 8 of this report. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 
 The Company redeemed 4,000,000 of trust preferred securities effective March 15, 2023 and will redeem an additional 6,000,000 of trust preferred securities effective March 26, 2023. See Note 20 to the Company s audited financial statements included in Item 8 of this report. 
 
 ITEM 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 
 Not applicable. 

42

Table of Contents 

PART III 
 
 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The information required by Item 10 will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by Item 11 will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference. 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 
 The security ownership information required by this Item will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference. 
 
 Equity Compensation Plan Information 
 
 The following table provides information as of December 31, 2022, with respect to options and restricted stock units outstanding and shares available for future awards under the Company's active equity incentive plans. 

Number of securities to be issued upon exercise of outstanding options 

Weighted-average exercise price of outstanding options 

Number of securities remaining available for future issuance under equity compensation plans (excluding securities reflected in column (a)) 

Plan Category 

(a) 

(b) 

(c) 

Equity compensation plans approved by security holders 

307,117 

24.91 

457,700 

Equity compensation plans not approved by security holders 

None 

Not Applicable 

None 

Total 

307,117 

24.91 

457,700 

ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information required by Item 13 will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference.. 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 
 The information required by Item 14 will be included in our Definitive Proxy Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be filed with the SEC within 120 days of December 31, 2022, and is incorporated by reference.. 
 
 PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 (a) Exhibits 
 
 The following documents are included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10K: 

2.1 
 
 Agreement and Plan of Reorganization and Merger dated as of March 10, 2021, by and between Plumas Bancorp and Feather River. included as exhibit 2.1 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on March 11, 2021, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

3.1 
 
 Articles of Incorporation as amended of Registrant included as exhibit 3.1 to the Registrant s Form S-4, File No. 333-84534, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

3.2 
 
 Bylaws of Registrant as amended on March 16, 2011 included as exhibit 3.2 to the Registrant s Form 10-K for December 31, 2010, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

3.3 
 
 Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation of Registrant dated November 1, 2002, is included as exhibit 3.3 to the Registrant s 10-Q for September 30, 2005, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

3.4 
 
 Amendment of the Articles of Incorporation of Registrant dated August 17, 2005, is included as exhibit 3.4 to the Registrant s 10-Q for September 30, 2005, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

4 
 
 Specimen form of certificate for Plumas Bancorp included as exhibit 4 to the Registrant s Form S-4, File No. 333-84534, which is incorporated by reference herein. 

4.1 
 
 Description of Securities of Plumas Bancorp Registered Under Section 12 of the Exchange Act, is included as exhibit 4.1 to the Registrant's 10-K for December 31, 2019, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

43

Table of Contents 

10.1 
 
 Executive Salary Continuation Agreement of Andrew J. Ryback dated December 17, 2008, is included as exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s 10-K for December 31, 2008, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.2 
 
 Split Dollar Agreement of Andrew J. Ryback dated August 23, 2005, is included as Exhibit 10.02 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on October 17, 2005, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.3 
 
 Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement of Andrew J. Ryback dated February 1, 2022 is included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on February 1, 2022, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.4 
 
 Promissory Note and Loan Agreement dated March 2, 2021, is included as Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant's 10-Q filed on May 5, 2021, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.5 
 
 Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement of Richard Belstock dated February 1, 2022 is included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on February 1, 2022 ,which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.6 
 
 Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement of BJ North dated February 1, 2022 is included as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on February 1, 2022 ,which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.7 
 
 Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement of Jeffery Moore dated February 1, 2022 is included as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on February 1, 2022, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.8 
 
 Amendment to Salary Continuation Agreement of Aaron Boigon dated February 1, 2022 is included as Exhibit 10.5 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on February 1, 2022, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.9 
 
 Loan Agreement dated January 25, 2022 is included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's 8-K filed on January 26, 2022, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.10 
 
 Promissory Note dated January 25, 2022 is included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's 8-K filed on January 26, 2022, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.11 
 
 Salary Continuation Agreement of Richard L. Belstock dated April 1, 2016, is included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on April 4, 2016, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.12 
 
 Salary Continuation Agreement of BJ North dated April 1, 2016, is included as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on April 4, 2016, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.13 
 
 Director Retirement Agreement of Steven M. Coldani dated December 21, 2016, is included as Exhibit 10.13 to the Registrant s 10-K filed on March 17, 2017, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.14 
 
 Salary Continuation Agreement of Jeff Moore dated April 1, 2020, is included as Exhibit 10.14 to the Registrant s 10-K filed on March 3, 2021, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.15 
 
 Salary Continuation Agreement of Aaron Boigon dated April 1, 2019, is included as Exhibit 10.4 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on April 2, 2019, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.18 
 
 Amended and Restated Director Retirement Agreement of Daniel E. West dated May 10, 2000, is included as Exhibit 10.18 to the Registrant s 10-QSB for June 30, 2002, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.19 
 
 Consulting Agreement of Daniel E. West dated May 10, 2000, is included as Exhibit 10.19 to the Registrant s 10-QSB for June 30, 2002, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.24 
 
 Amended and Restated Director Retirement Agreement of Gerald W. Fletcher dated May 10, 2000, is included as Exhibit 10.24 to the Registrant s 10-QSB for June 30, 2002, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.25 
 
 Consulting Agreement of Gerald W. Fletcher dated May 10, 2000, is included as Exhibit 10.25 to the Registrant s 10-QSB for June 30, 2002, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.33 
 
 Amended and Restated Director Retirement Agreement of Terrance J. Reeson dated April 19, 2000, is included as Exhibit 10.33 to the Registrant s 10-QSB for June 30, 2002, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.34 
 
 Consulting Agreement of Terrance J. Reeson dated May 10, 2000, is included as Exhibit 10.34 to the Registrant s 10-QSB for June 30, 2002, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.41 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Plumas Bancorp) is included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on August 20,2020 which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.42 
 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (Plumas Bank) is included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on August 20,2020 which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.47 
 
 2013 Stock Option Plan is included as exhibit 99.1 of the Form S-8 filed September 12, 2013, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

44

Table of Contents 

10.48 
 
 Specimen Form of Incentive Stock Option Agreement under the 2013 Stock Option Plan is included as exhibit 99.2 of the Form S-8 filed September 12, 2013, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.49 
 
 Specimen Form of Nonqualified Stock Option Agreement under the 2013 Stock Option Plan is included as exhibit 99.3 of the Form S-8 filed September 12, 2013, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.51 
 
 First Amendment to Split Dollar Agreement of Andrew J. Ryback, is included as exhibit 10.51 to the Registrant s 10-K for December 31, 2008, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.52 
 
 Employment Agreement by and among Andrew Ryback, Plumas Bancorp and Plumas Bank dated as of December 16, 2021, is included as exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's 8-K filed on December 17, 2021, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.66 
 
 Director Retirement Agreement of Robert McClintock, is included as Exhibit 10.66 to the Registrant s 10-K filed on March 23, 2012, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.67 
 
 First Amendment to the Plumas Bank Amended and Restated Director Retirement Agreement for Terrance J. Reeson adopted on September 19, 2007, is included as Exhibit 10.67 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on September 25, 2007, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.69 
 
 First Amendment to the Plumas Bank Amended and Restated Director Retirement Agreement for Daniel E. West adopted on September 19, 2007, is included as Exhibit 10.69 to the Registrant s 8-K filed on September 25, 2007, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.70 
 
 First Amendment to the Plumas Bank Amended and Restated Director Retirement Agreement for Gerald W. Fletcher adopted on October 9, 2007, is included as Exhibit 10.70 to the Registrant s 10-Q for September 30, 2007, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.71 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement Under Plumas Bancorp 2022 Equity Incentive Plan, is included as Exhibit 10.1 to the Registrant's 8-K filed on June 16, 2022, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.72 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement Under Plumas Bancorp 2022 Equity Incentive Plan with Post-Retirement Exercisability is included as Exhibit 10.2 to the Registrant's 8-K filed on June 16, 2022, which is incorporated by this reference herein. 

10.73 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement Under Plumas Bancorp 2022 Equity Incentive Plan is included as Exhibit 10.3 to the Registrant's 8-K filed on June 16, 2022, which is incorporated by this reference herein 

10.74 
 
 Plumas Bancorp 2022 Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Appendix A to Plumas Bancorp s Definitive Proxy Statement filed on March 28, 2022) 

11 
 
 Computation of per share earnings appears in the attached 10-K under Item 8 Financial Statements Plumas Bancorp and Subsidiary Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements as Footnote 13 Shareholders Equity. 

21.01 
 
 Plumas Bank California. 

21.02 
 
 Plumas Statutory Trust I Connecticut. 

21.03 
 
 Plumas Statutory Trust II Delaware. 

23.01 
 
 Independent Registered Public Accountant s Consent dated March 16, 2023. 

31.1 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) [Section 302] Certification of Principal Financial Officer dated March 16, 2023. 

31.2 
 
 Rule 13a-14(a) [Section 302] Certification of Principal Executive Officer dated March16, 2023. 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 dated March 16, 2023. 

32.2 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, As Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 dated March 16 2023. 

45

101.INS 
 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document (the Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document) 

101.SCH 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document. 

101.CAL 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document. 

101.DEF 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document. 

101.LAB 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document. 

101.PRE 
 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document. 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

Filed herewith 

ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 
 None 

46

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

PLUMAS BANCORP (Registrant) 

Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ ANDREW J. RYBACK 

Andrew J. Ryback, 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 

/s/ ANDREW J. RYBACK 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Andrew J. Ryback, 

President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 

/s/ RICHARD L. BELSTOCK 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Richard L. Belstock, 

Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

/s/ DANIEL E. WEST 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Daniel E. West, Director and Chairman of the Board 

/s/ ROBERT J. MCCLINTOCK 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Robert J. McClintock, Director and Vice Chairman of the Board 

/s/ MICHONNE R. ASCUAGA 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Michonne R. Ascuaga, Director 

/s/ STEVEN M. COLDANI 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Steven M. Coldani, Director 

/s/ HEIDI S. GANSERT 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Heidi S. Gansert, Director 

/s/ RICHARD F. KENNY 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Richard F. Kenny, Director 

/s/ JULIE A. MOREHEAD 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Julie A. Morehead, Director 

/s/ TERRANCE J. REESON 
 
 Date: March 16, 2023 

Terrance J. Reeson, Director 

47

<EX-23.01>
 2
 ex_429414.htm
 EXHIBIT 23.01

ex_429414.htm 

Exhibit 23.01 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statements Nos 333-266255 and 333-103229 on Form S-8 of Plumas Bancorp and Subsidiary of our report dated March 16, 2023, relating to our audit of the consolidated financial statements, which appear in this Form 10-K. 

/s/ Eide Bailly LLP 

San Ramon, California 

 March 16, 2023 

</EX-23.01>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex_429415.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_429415.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Richard L. Belstock, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Plumas Bancorp registrant 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ Richard L. Belstock 

 Richard L. Belstock, 

 Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Plumas Bancorp and will be retained by Plumas Bancorp and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex_429416.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_429416.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION UNDER SECTION 302 OF 
THE SARBANES OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Andrew J. Ryback, certify that: 

1. 

I have reviewed this report on Form 10-K of Plumas Bancorp registrant 

2. 

Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 

Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13(a)-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) 

Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) 

Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) 

Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant's disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) 

Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. 

The registrant's other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant's auditors and the audit committee of the registrant's board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) 

All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) 

Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ Andrew J. Ryback 

 Andrew J. Ryback 

 President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Plumas Bancorp and will be retained by Plumas Bancorp and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex_429417.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_429417.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Plumas Bancorp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Richard L.Belstock, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) 
			 
			 The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 
			 
			 The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ Richard L. Belstock 

Richard L. Belstock, 
			Chief Financial Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Plumas Bancorp and will be retained by Plumas Bancorp and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex_429418.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_429418.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 

 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 

 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of Plumas Bancorp (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Andrew J. Ryback, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: 

1) 

The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) 

The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date: March 16, 2023 

/s/ Andrew J. Ryback 

Andrew J. Ryback 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

A signed original of this written statement required by Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 has been provided to Plumas Bancorp and will be retained by Plumas Bancorp and furnished to the SEC or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 plbc-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 plbc-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 plbc-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 plbc-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 plbc-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

