<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1856948_0001410578-23-000530.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>4686384</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>489051</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>842824</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1360239</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>859116</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1059493</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001410578-23-000530.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331135657
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001410578-23-000530
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		48
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Chenghe Acquisition Co.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001856948
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			K3
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-41366
		FILM NUMBER:		23786521

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4/F, ST. JOHN'S BUILDING
		STREET 2:		33 GARDEN ROAD
		CITY:			CENTRAL
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000
		BUSINESS PHONE:		852 5303 2443

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4/F, ST. JOHN'S BUILDING
		STREET 2:		33 GARDEN ROAD
		CITY:			CENTRAL
		STATE:			K3
		ZIP:			00000

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001410578-23-000530.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 chea-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO COMMISSION FILE NUMBER 

 (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

 (State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification Number) (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: (+ Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbols Name of each exchange on which registered The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC The Stock Market LLC Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No The aggregate market value of the ordinary shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant, computed as of June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately 115,000,000 . As of March 31, 2023, the Registrant had Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, and Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value per share, issued and outstanding. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE None. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 2 PART I 3 ITEM 1. BUSINESS. 3 ITEM IA. RISK FACTORS. 15 ITEM IB. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 52 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. 52 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. 52 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. 52 PART II 53 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 53 ITEM 6. [RESERVED]. 53 ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 53 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. 57 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA. 57 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. 57 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. 57 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 57 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. 57 PART III 58 ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 58 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. 63 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. 64 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. 65 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. 66 PART IV 68 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. 68 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. 70 SIGNATURES 71 
 1 

Table of Contents 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS Some of the statements contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K (this report or Annual Report may constitute forward-looking statements for purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future. In addition, any statements that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions, are forward-looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, estimate, expect, intends, may, might, plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, would and similar expressions may identify forward-looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement is not forward-looking. Forward-looking statements in this Annual Report may include, for example, statements about: our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; our ability to complete our initial business combination; our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses; our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or directors following our initial business combination; our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination; our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination; our pool of prospective target businesses; the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential investment opportunities; our public securities potential liquidity and trading; the lack of a market for our securities; the use of proceeds not held in the trust account (as described herein) or available to us from interest income on the trust account balance; the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties; or our financia l performance. 
 The forward-looking statements contained in this report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors in this report. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I References in this report to we, us, the Company or our company refer to Chenghe Acquisition Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to our team, management or our management team refer to our officers and directors. References to the Sponsor refer to Chenghe Investment Co., a Cayman Islands exempted company. References to the public shareholders refer to the holders of the Company s Class A ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share. References to our initial shareholders refer to the holders of our Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share. ITEM 1. BUSINESS. Introduction We are a blank check company incorporated on April 8, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses (the Business Combination ). We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenue to date. Based on our business activities, the Company is a shell company as defined under the Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act because we have no operations and have assets consisting almost entirely of cash. On May 2, 2022, we consummated our initial public offering (the IPO of 11,500,000 units (the Units ), including the issuance of 1,500,000 Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of their over-allotment option. Each Unit consists of one Class A ordinary share of the Company, par value 0.0001 per share (the Class A Ordinary Shares or public share ), and one-half of one redeemable warrant of the Company (each whole warrant, a Public Warrant ), with each Public Warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 115,000,000. On April 8, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering expenses of the Company in exchange for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (the Founder Shares ). On June 20, 2021 and on December 28, 2021, respectively, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited to us 1,437,500 Founders Shares for no consideration. On March 29, 2022, the Sponsor further surrendered and forfeited to us 1,437,500 Founder Shares for no consideration. On March 30, 2022, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 177,439 Founder Shares to our independent directors and advisory board member, for their respective board and advisory services, in each case for no consideration, including 20,000 Founder Shares to each of Kwan Sun, Robert Ewing and Ning Ma, 50,000 Founder Shares to Kenneth Hitchner and 67,439 Founder Shares to Dr. Zhiwei Liu. As of December 31, 2022, the Sponsor holds 2,697,561 Founder Shares. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the private placement of 7,750,000 warrants (the Private Placement Warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant, generating gross proceeds to the Company of 7,750,000. Each whole Private Placement Warrant is exercisable for one whole Class A Ordinary Share at a price of 11.50 per share. A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the trust account. If we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination within 15 months from the closing of IPO, or during one of the three three-months periods by which we may extend such deadline if the Sponsor or any of its affiliates or designees pays an additional 0.10 per Class A Ordinary Share into the trust account (as defined below) in respect of each such extension period (for a total up to 24 months to complete a Business Combination), or by such later period approved by our shareholders in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (collectively, the Business Combination Period ), the Private Placement Warrant will expire worthless. The Private Placement Warrants will be non-redeemable and exercisable on a cashless basis so long as they are held by the Sponsor or its permitted transferees. Following the closing of the IPO on May 2, 2022, a total of 118,450,000 10.30 per Unit) of the net proceeds of the IPO and certain of the proceeds of the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a trust account, located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and may only be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (as amended, the Investment Company Act ), having a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations (the trust account ). Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the trust account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses, the funds held in the trust account will not be released from the trust account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the Company s initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the Class A Ordinary Shares if we are unable to complete the 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period, subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the Class A Ordinary Shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the Company s initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of the Class A Ordinary Shares if the Company have not consummated its initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public shareholders. After deducting the underwriting discounts and commissions (excluding the deferred portion of 4,025,000 in underwriting discounts and commissions, which amount will be payable upon consummation of our initial Business Combination if consummated) and the offering expenses, the total net proceeds from the IPO and the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants was 119,566,053, of which 118,450,000 was placed in the trust account. The portion not deposited into the trust account was retained by us for working capital purposes. The net proceeds deposited into the trust account remain on deposit in the trust account earning interest. As of December 31, 2022, there was 120,082,704 in investments and cash held in the trust account and 640,833 held outside the trust account. Effecting Our Initial Business Combination General We are not presently engaged in, and we will not engage in, any operations until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination. We intend to effectuate our initial Business Combination using cash from the proceeds of our IPO and the private placement of the Private Placement Warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection with our initial Business Combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into or otherwise), shares issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. We may seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, which would subject us to the numerous risks inherent in such companies and businesses. If our initial Business Combination is paid for using equity or debt securities, or not all of the funds released from the trust account are used for payment of the consideration in connection with our initial Business Combination or used for redemptions of our Class A Ordinary Shares, we may use the balance of the cash released to us from the trust account following the closing for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction company, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial Business Combination, to fund the purchase of other companies or for working capital. We have not selected any specific Business Combination target and we have not, nor has anyone on our behalf, engaged in any substantive discussions, directly or indirectly, with any Business Combination target with respect to an initial Business Combination with us. However, we will not undertake our initial Business Combination with any entity based in or with its principal business operations in mainland China, Hong Kong or Macau. While we may pursue a Business Combination target in any business, industry or location, we intend to focus on fintech or technology-enabled financial service companies, including artificial intelligence, big data, cloud and blockchain-related initiatives, in Asian markets, which can benefit from the expertise and capabilities of our management team to create long-term shareholder value. Accordingly, there is no current basis for our shareholders to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business with which we may ultimately complete our initial Business Combination. Although our management will assess the risks inherent in a particular target business with which we may combine, we cannot assure you that this assessment will result in our identifying all risks that a target business may encounter. Furthermore, some of those risks may be outside of our control, meaning that we can do nothing to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely affect a target business. We may seek to raise additional funds through a private offering of debt or equity securities in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination and we may effectuate our initial Business Combination using the proceeds of such offering rather than using the amounts held in the trust account. In addition, we intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than the funds available from the trust account, and, as a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemptions by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial Business Combination. Subject to compliance with applicable securities laws, we would expect to complete such financing only simultaneously with the completion of our initial Business Combination. In the case of an initial Business Combination funded with assets other than the trust account assets, our proxy materials or tender offer documents disclosing 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 the initial Business Combination would disclose the terms of the financing and, only if required by law, we would seek shareholder approval of such financing. There is no limitation on our ability to raise funds through the issuance of equity or equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements. At this time, we are not a party to any arrangement or understanding with any third party with respect to raising any additional funds through the sale of securities or otherwise. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of our officers and directors may, but are not obliged to, loan us funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loan ). If we complete our Business Combination, we would repay such loaned amounts. In the event that our initial Business Combination does not close, we may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay such loaned amounts but no proceeds from the trust account would be used to repay such loaned amounts. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, no such Working Capital Loan was outstanding. Sources of Target Businesses We plan to utilize the network and industry experience of our management team, advisory board, our Sponsor and their affiliates, in seeking an initial Business Combination and employing our acquisition strategy. We believe we have assembled a unique team with a proven track record in deal sourcing, investing and value creation on the back of their global network and rich capital market experience in Asia and around the world. We believe our team is well positioned to take advantage of the growing set of acquisition opportunities relevant to our business strategy, and that our contacts and relationships, ranging from owners of private and public companies, private equity funds, investment bankers, attorneys, accountants and business brokers should provide us with a number of Business Combination opportunities. We will leverage our team s broad and deep network of relationships, unique industry expertise and proven deal-sourcing capabilities to provide us with a strong and differentiated pipeline of potential targets. We anticipate that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including investment bankers and private investment funds. Target businesses may be brought to our attention by such unaffiliated sources as a result of being solicited by us through calls or mailings. These sources may also introduce us to target businesses in which they think we may be interested on an unsolicited basis, since many of these sources will have read our IPO final prospectus and know what types of businesses we are targeting. Our officers and directors, as well as their affiliates, may also bring to our attention target business candidates of which they become aware through their business contacts as a result of formal or informal inquiries or discussions they may have, as well as attending trade shows or conventions. In addition, we expect to receive a number of proprietary deal flow opportunities that would not otherwise necessarily be available to us as a result of the track record and business relationships of our officers and directors. While we do not presently anticipate engaging the services of professional firms or other individuals that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these firms or other individuals in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation to be determined in an arm s length negotiation based on the terms of the transaction. We will engage a finder only to the extent our management determines that the use of a finder may bring opportunities to us that may not otherwise be available to us or if finders approach us on an unsolicited basis with a potential transaction that our management determines is in our best interest to pursue. Payment of a finder s fee is customarily tied to completion of a transaction, in which case any such fee will be paid out of the funds held in the trust account. In no event, however, will our Sponsor or any of our existing officers or directors, or any entity with which they are affiliated, be paid any finder s fee, consulting fee or other compensation by us prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate, the completion of our initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). In addition, commenced on April 27, 2022, the effective date of the Company s registration statement for IPO, the Company pays the Sponsor 15,000 per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative services provided to the Company. Any such payments prior to our initial Business Combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than the foregoing, there will be no finder s fees, reimbursement, consulting fee, monies in respect of any payment of a loan or other compensation paid by us to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or any affiliate of our Sponsor or officers or directors prior to, or in connection with any services rendered in order to effectuate, the consummation of our initial Business Combination (regardless of the type of transaction that it is). We are not prohibited from pursuing an initial Business Combination with a Business Combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, or from completing the Business Combination through a joint venture or other form of shared ownership with our Sponsor, officers or directors. In the event we seek to complete our initial Business Combination with a Business Combination target that is affiliated with our Sponsor, officers or directors, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm, that such an initial Business Combination is fair to the Company from a financial point of view. We are not required to obtain such an opinion in any other context. 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 Each of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities, including entities that are affiliates of our Sponsor, pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity. Accordingly, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a Business Combination opportunity which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such Business Combination opportunity to such entity, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. Evaluation of a Target Business and Structuring of Our Initial Business Combination In evaluating a prospective target business, we expect to conduct a due diligence review which may encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and employees, document reviews, interviews of customers and suppliers, inspection of facilities, as applicable, as well as a review of financial, operational, legal and other information which will be made available to us. If we determine to move forward with a particular target, we will proceed to structure and negotiate the terms of the Business Combination transaction. The time required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete our initial Business Combination, and the costs associated with this process, are not currently ascertainable with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of, and negotiation with, a prospective target business with which our initial Business Combination is not ultimately completed will result in our incurring losses and will reduce the funds we can use to complete another Business Combination. The Company will not pay any consulting fees to members of our management team, or any of their respective affiliates, for services rendered to or in connection with our initial Business Combination. Lack of Business Diversification For an indefinite period of time after the completion of our initial Business Combination, the prospects for our success may depend entirely on the future performance of a single business . Unlike other entities that have the resources to complete Business Combinations with multiple entities in one or several industries, it is probable that we will not have the resources to diversify our operations and mitigate the risks of being in a single line of business. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may: subject us to negative economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact on the particular industry in which we operate after our initial Business Combination, and cause us to depend on the marketing and sale of a single product or limited number of products or services . 
 Limited Ability to Evaluate the Target s Management Team Although we intend to closely scrutinize the management of a prospective target business when evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with that business, our assessment of the target business s management may not prove to be correct. In addition, the future management may not have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. Furthermore, the future role of members of our management team, if any, in the target business cannot presently be stated with any certainty. The determination as to whether any of the members of our management team will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. While it is possible that one or more of our directors will remain associated in some capacity with us following our initial Business Combination, it is unlikely that any of them will devote their full efforts to our affairs subsequent to our initial Business Combination . Moreover, we cannot assure you that members of our management team will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. We cannot assure you that any of our key personnel will or members of the advisory board will remain in senior management or advisory positions with the combined company. The determination as to whether any of our key personnel or members of the advisory board will remain with the combined company will be made at the time of our initial Business Combination. Following a Business Combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination We may conduct redemptions without a shareholder vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC subject to the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. However, we will seek shareholder approval if it is required by law or applicable stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek shareholder approval for business or other reasons. Under Nasdaq s listing rules, shareholder approval would be required for our initial Business Combination if, for example: We issue ordinary shares that will be equal to or in excess of 20 of the number of our ordinary shares then issued and outstanding (other than in a public offering); Any of our directors, officers or substantial security holders (as defined by Nasdaq rules) has a 5 or greater interest (or such persons collectively have a 10 or greater interest), directly or indirectly, in the target business or assets to be acquired or otherwise and the present or potential issuance of ordinary shares could result in an increase in issued and outstanding ordinary shares or voting power of 5 or more; or The issuance or potential issuance of ordinary shares will result in our undergoing a change of control. 
 Permitted Purchases of Our Securities If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or Public Warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial Business Combination. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or Public Warrants in such transactions. If they engage in such transactions, they will not make any such purchases when they are in possession of any material non-public information not disclosed to the seller or if such purchases are prohibited by Regulation M under the Exchange Act. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. We do not currently anticipate that such purchases, if any, would constitute a tender offer subject to the tender offer rules under the Exchange Act or a going-private transaction subject to the going-private rules under the Exchange Act; however, if the purchasers determine at the time of any such purchases that the purchases are subject to such rules, the purchasers will comply with such rules. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to (i) vote such shares in favor of the Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the Business Combination or (ii) to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of Public Warrants could be to reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial Business Combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A Ordinary Shares or Public Warrants may be reduced and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, which may make it difficult to maintain or obtain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates anticipate that they may identify the shareholders with whom our initial shareholders, officers, directors or their affiliates may pursue privately negotiated purchases by either the shareholders contacting us directly or by our receipt of redemption requests submitted by shareholders (in the case of Class A Ordinary Shares) following our mailing of proxy materials in connection with our initial Business Combination. To the extent that our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates enter into a private purchase, they would identify and contact only potential selling shareholders who have expressed their election to redeem their shares for a pro rata share of the trust account or vote against our initial Business Combination, 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 whether or not such shareholder has already submitted a proxy with respect to our initial Business Combination but only if such shares have not already been voted at the shareholder meeting related to our initial Business Combination. Our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase shares from based on a negotiated price and number of shares and any other factors that they may deem relevant, and will only purchase shares if such purchases comply with Regulation M under the Exchange Act and the other federal securities laws. Our Sponsor, officers, directors and/or their affiliates will not make purchases of shares if the purchases would violate Section 9(a)(2) or Rule 10b-5 of the Exchange Act. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements . Redemption Rights for Public Shareholders upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The amount in the trust account was 10.30 per public share at the consummation of our IPO. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions we will pay to the underwriters. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and any public shares they may hold in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination. Limitations on Redemptions Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial Business Combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A Ordinary Shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A Ordinary Shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity- linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. Manner of Conducting Redemptions We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A Ordinary Shares upon the completion of our initial Business Combination either (i) in connection with a shareholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) without a shareholder vote by means of a tender offer. The decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would require us to seek shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirement or whether we were deemed to be a foreign private issuer (which would require a tender offer rather than seeking shareholder approval under SEC rules). Asset acquisitions and share purchases would not typically require shareholder approval while direct mergers with our company where we do not survive and any transactions where we issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares or seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association would require shareholder approval. So long as we obtain and maintain a listing for our securities on Nasdaq, we will be required to comply with Nasdaq s shareholder approval rules. The requirement that we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares by one of the two methods listed above is contained in provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will apply whether or not we maintain our registration under the Exchange Act or our listing on Nasdaq. Such provisions may be amended if approved by a special resolution as a matter of Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 If we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares in connection with a shareholder meeting, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association: conduct the redemptions in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies, and not pursuant to the tender offer rules, and file proxy materials with the SEC. 
 In the event that we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, we will distribute proxy materials and, in connection therewith, provide our public shareholders with the redemption rights described above upon completion of the initial Business Combination. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company where a quorum is present. In accordance with our amended memorandum and articles of association, a quorum for such meeting will be present if the holders of one-third of issued and outstanding shares entitled to vote at the meeting are represented in person or by proxy. Our Sponsor, officers and directors will count toward this quorum and, pursuant to the letter agreement, our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to vote their Founder Shares, private placement shares and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial Business Combination. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial Business Combination once a quorum is obtained. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders Founder Shares, we would need 4,312,500, or 37.5 , of the 11,500,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have our initial Business Combination approved. Assuming that only one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, are voted, we will not need any public shares in addition to our Founder Shares in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have an initial Business Combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, the agreement by our Sponsor and each member of our management to vote in favor of our initial Business Combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive the requisite shareholder approval for such initial Business Combination. Each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the shareholder meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. If a shareholder vote is not required and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will: conduct the redemptions pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, which regulate issuer tender offers, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about the initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act, which regulates the solicitation of proxies. 
 In the event we conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, our offer to redeem will remain open for at least 20 business days, in accordance with Rule 14e-l(a) under the Exchange Act, and we will not be permitted to complete our initial Business Combination until the expiration of the tender offer period. In addition, the tender offer will be conditioned on public shareholders not tendering more than the number of public shares we are permitted to redeem. If public shareholders tender more shares than we have offered to purchase, we will withdraw the tender offer and not complete the initial Business Combination. Upon the public announcement of our initial Business Combination, if we elect to conduct redemption pursuant to the tender offer rules, we or our Sponsor will terminate any plan established in accordance with Rule 10b5- l to purchase our Class A Ordinary Shares in the open market, in order to comply with Rule 14e-5 under the Exchange Act. We intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial Business Combination. In addition, if we conduct 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name, address and telephone number of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. We believe that this will allow our transfer agent to efficiently process any redemptions without the need for further communication or action from the redeeming public shareholders, which could delay redemptions and result in additional administrative cost. If the proposed initial Business Combination is not approved and we continue to search for a target company, we will promptly return any certificates or shares delivered by public shareholders who elected to redeem their shares. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial Business Combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A Ordinary Shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed initial Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the initial Business Combination or redeem any shares, and all Class A Ordinary Shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity- linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets or minimum cash requirements. Limitation on Redemption Upon Completion of Our Initial Business Combination If We Seek Shareholder Approval If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to Excess Shares (as defined in the amended and restated memorandum and articles of association) without our prior consent. We believe this restriction will discourage shareholders from accumulating large blocks of shares, and subsequent attempts by such holders to use their ability to exercise their redemption rights against a proposed Business Combination as a means to force us or our management to purchase their shares at a significant premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms . Absent this provision, a public shareholder holding more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the IPO could threaten to exercise its redemption rights if such holder s shares are not purchased by us, our Sponsor or our management at a premium to the then-current market price or on other undesirable terms. By limiting our shareholders ability to redeem no more than 20 of the shares sold in the IPO, we believe we will limit the ability of a small group of shareholders to unreasonably attempt to block our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, particularly in connection with a Business Combination with a target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. However, we would not restrict our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Delivering Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights As described above, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent or deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically using the Depository Trust Company s DWAC (Deposit/Withdrawal At Custodian) system, prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial Business Combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name, address and telephone number of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. The proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will indicate whether we are requiring public shareholders to satisfy such delivery requirements. Accordingly, a public shareholder would have up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the initial Business Combination if we distribute proxy materials, or from the time we send out our tender offer materials until the close of the tender offer period, as applicable, to submit or tender its shares if it wishes to seek to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. Given the relatively short exercise period, it is advisable for shareholders to use electronic delivery of their public shares. There is a nominal cost associated with the above-referenced process and the act of certificating the shares or delivering them through the DWAC system. The transfer agent will typically charge the broker submitting or tendering shares a fee of approximately 80.00 and it would be up to the broker whether or not to pass this cost on to the redeeming holder. However, this fee would be incurred regardless of whether or not we require holders seeking to exercise redemption rights to submit or tender their shares. The need to deliver shares is a requirement of exercising redemption rights regardless of the timing of when such delivery must be effectuated. Any request to redeem such shares, once made, may be withdrawn at any time up to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. Furthermore, if a holder of a public share delivered its certificate in connection with an election of redemption rights and subsequently decides prior to the applicable date not to elect to exercise such rights, such holder may simply request that the transfer agent return the certificate (physically or electronically). It is anticipated that the funds to be distributed to holders of our public shares electing to redeem their shares will be distributed promptly after the completion of our initial Business Combination. If our initial Business Combination is not approved or completed for any reason, then our public shareholders who elected to exercise their redemption rights would not be entitled to redeem their shares for the applicable pro rata share of the trust account. In such case, we will promptly return any certificates delivered by public holders who elected to redeem their shares. If our initial proposed Business Combination is not completed, we may continue to try to complete a Business Combination with a different target until the end of the Business Combination Period. Redemption of Public Shares and Liquidation If No Initial Business Combination Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that we must complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within such period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions with respect to our warrants, which will expire worthless if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have waived their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period. However, if our Sponsor or management team acquire public shares in or after the IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. However, we may not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. If this optional redemption right is exercised with respect to an excessive number of public shares such that we cannot satisfy the net tangible asset requirement, we would not proceed with the amendment or the related redemption of our public shares at such time. 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 We expect that all costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, as well as payments to any creditors, will be funded from amounts remaining out of the approximately 1,300,000 of proceeds held outside the trust account at the consummation of the IPO, although we cannot assure you that there will be sufficient funds for such purpose. However, if those funds are not sufficient to cover the costs and expenses associated with implementing our plan of dissolution, to the extent that there is any interest accrued in the trust account not required to pay income taxes on interest income earned on the trust account balance, we may request the trustee to release to us an additional amount of up to 100,000 of such accrued interest to pay those costs and expenses. If we were to expend all of the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, other than the proceeds deposited in the trust account, and without taking into account interest, if any, earned on the trust account, the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders upon our dissolution would be approximately 10.30. The proceeds deposited in the trust account could, however, become subject to the claims of our creditors which would have higher priority than the claims of our public shareholders. We cannot assure you that the actual per-share redemption amount received by shareholders will not be substantially less than 10.30. While we intend to pay such amounts, if any, we cannot assure you that we will have funds sufficient to pay or provide for all creditors claims. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, there is no guarantee that they will execute such agreements or even if they execute such agreements that they would be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account including but not limited to fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain an advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the Company under the circumstances. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the IPO will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. In order to protect the amounts held in the trust account, our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.30 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.30 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.30 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its indemnification obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. Accordingly, we cannot assure you that due to claims of creditors the actual value of the per-share redemption price will not be less than 10.30 per share. We will seek to reduce the possibility that our Sponsor will have to indemnify the trust account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses or other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the trust account. Our Sponsor will also not be liable as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. We have access to up to approximately 1,300,000 from the proceeds of the IPO with which to pay any such potential claims (including costs and expenses incurred in connection with our liquidation, currently estimated to be no more than approximately 100,000). In the event that we liquidate and it is subsequently determined that the reserve for claims and liabilities is insufficient, shareholders who received funds from our trust account could be liable for claims made by creditors. If we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, we cannot assure you we will be able to return 10.30 per share to our public shareholders. Additionally, if we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, and thereby exposing itself and our company to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only (i) in the event of the redemption of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period, (ii) in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity or (iii) if they redeem their respective shares for cash upon the completion of our initial Business Combination. In no other circumstances will a shareholder have any right or interest of any kind to or in the trust account. In the event we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial Business Combination, a shareholder s voting in connection with the Business Combination alone will not result in a shareholder s redeeming its shares to us for an applicable pro rata share of the trust account. Such shareholder must have also exercised its redemption rights described above. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. Competition In identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business for our initial Business Combination, we may encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including other special purpose acquisition companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, public companies and operating businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting Business Combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess similar or greater financial, technical, human and other resources than us. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available financial resources . This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore, our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public shareholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination and our issued and outstanding warrants , and the future dilution they potentially represent, may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating an initial Business Combination. 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 Facilities We currently maintain our executive offices at 38 Beach Road #29-11, South Beach Tower Singapore 189767. We consider such office space adequate for our current operations. We pay our Sponsor 15,000 per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative services provided to us. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. Employees We currently have two officers: Shibin Wang, our chief executive officer and Anna Zhou, our chief financial officer. Each of Mr. Wang and Ms. Zhou is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but each individual intends to devote as much of his or her time as he or she deems necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial Business Combination. The amount of time he or she will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial Business Combination and the stage of the Business Combination process we are in. We do not intend to have any full time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Available Information We are required to file Annual Reports on Form 10-K and Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q with the SEC on a regular basis, and are required to disclose certain material events (e.g., changes in corporate control, acquisitions or dispositions of a significant amount of assets other than in the ordinary course of business and bankruptcy) in a Current Report on Form 8-K. The SEC maintains an Internet website that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC . The SEC s Internet website is located at http :// www.sec.gov . 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS. An investment in our securities involves a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained in this Annual Report, the prospectus associated with the IPO and the registration statement for the IPO (the IPO Registration Statement , before making a decision to invest in our securities. If any of the following events occur, our business , financial condition and operating results may be materially adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment . RISKS RELATING TO OUR SEARCH FOR, AND CONSUMMATION OF OR INABILITY TO CONSUMMATE, A BUSINESS COMBINATION We are a blank check company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. We are a blank check company incorporated as an exempted company under the laws of the Cayman Islands with no operating results. Because we lack an operating history, you have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial Business Combination. We have no plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a Business Combination and may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination. If we fail to complete our initial Business Combination, we will never generate any operating revenues. Our independent registered public accounting firm s report contains an explanatory paragraph that expresses substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. As of December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the trust account of 120,082,704 consisting of U.S. treasury bills with a maturity of 185 days or less. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 640,833 in our operating bank account, and working capital deficit of approximately 478,714. We have been using the funds not held in the trust account for identifying and evaluating prospective acquisition candidates. We expect to incur significant costs in pursuit of our acquisition plans. If we are unable to complete a Business Combination during the Business Combination Period, we shall cease all operations except for the purpose of liquidating. The date for mandatory liquidation and subsequent dissolution raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after August 1, 2023. The accompanying audited financial statements do not include any adjustments that might be necessary if we are unable to continue as a going concern. Our public shareholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed initial Business Combination, and even if we hold a vote, holders of our Founder Shares will participate in such vote, which means we may complete our initial Business Combination even though a majority of our public shareholders do not support such a combination. We may choose not to hold a shareholder vote to approve our initial Business Combination unless the Business Combination would require shareholder approval under applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements. In such case, the decision as to whether we will seek shareholder approval of a proposed Business Combination or will allow shareholders to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors, such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek shareholder approval. Even if we seek shareholder approval, the holders of our Founder Shares will participate in the vote on such approval. Accordingly, we may complete our initial Business Combination even if holders of a majority of our ordinary shares do not approve of the Business Combination we complete. See the section entitled Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Shareholders May Not Have the Ability to Approve Our Initial Business Combination under item 1 of this report for additional information. Your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding a potential Business Combination may be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash. At the time of your investment in us, you will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of our initial Business Combination. Since our board of directors may complete a Business Combination without seeking shareholder approval, public shareholders may not have the right or opportunity to vote on the Business Combination, unless we seek such shareholder vote. Accordingly, your only opportunity to effect your investment decision regarding our initial Business Combination may be limited to 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer documents mailed to our public shareholders in which we describe our initial Business Combination. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our initial shareholders and management team have agreed to vote in favor of such initial Business Combination, regardless of how our public shareholders vote. Our initial shareholders own 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares immediately following the completion of the IPO. Our initial shareholders and management team also may from time to time purchase Class A Ordinary Shares prior to our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that, if we seek shareholder approval of an initial Business Combination, such initial Business Combination will be approved if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company where a quorum is present, including the Founder Shares. Shareholders representing at least one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, present in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders Founder Shares, we would need 4,312,500, or 37.5 , of the 11,500,000 public shares sold in the IPO to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have our initial Business Combination approved. However, if our initial Business Combination is structured as a statutory merger or consolidation with another company under Cayman Islands law, the approval of our initial Business Combination will require a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two-thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the Company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the Company. Assuming that only one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, are voted, we will not need any public shares in addition to our Founder Shares to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have an initial Business Combination approved. Accordingly, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, the agreement by our initial shareholders and management team to vote in favor of our initial Business Combination will increase the likelihood that we will receive an ordinary resolution, being the requisite shareholder approval for such initial Business Combination. The COVID-19 pandemic and the impact on business and debt and equity markets, as well as protectionist legislation in our target markets could have a material adverse effect on our search for a Business Combination, and any target business with which we ultimately complete a Business Combination. Since late 2019, the COVID-19 pandemic has caused substantial disruption to global economies and markets and the virus has continued to spread on a global scale. A significant outbreak of COVID-19 and other infectious diseases, including the resurgence or variants thereof, could resulted in a widespread health crisis that could adversely affect the economies and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we may consummate a Business Combination could be materially and adversely affected. Furthermore, we may be unable to complete a Business Combination if continued concerns relating to COVID-19 restrict travel, limit the ability to have meetings with potential investors or if the target company s personnel, vendors and services providers are unavailable to negotiate and consummate a transaction in a timely manner. The extent to which COVID-19 pandemic impacts our search for and ability to consummate a Business Combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted, including new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, the actions to contain COVID-19 or mitigate its impact and the successful development and distribution and widespread acceptance of safe and effective vaccine, among others. If the disruptions posed by COVID-19 or other matters of global concern (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases) continue for an extensive period of time, it could have a material adverse impact on our ability to consummate a Business Combination, or the operations of a target business with which we ultimately consummate a Business Combination, may be materially adversely affected. In addition, our ability to consummate a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases), including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity in third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Furthermore, countries or supranational organizations in our target markets may develop and implement legislation that makes it more difficult or impossible for entities outside such countries or target markets to acquire or otherwise invest in companies or businesses deemed essential or otherwise vital or strategically important in response to COVID-19 or for other reasons, which could limit our ability to acquire companies in certain markets. 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 Finally, the outbreak of COVID-19 may also have the effect of heightening many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section, such as those related to the market for our securities and cross- border transactions. The ability of our public shareholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential Business Combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a Business Combination with a target. We may seek to enter into a Business Combination transaction agreement with a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. If too many public shareholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the Business Combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. Consequently, if accepting all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a condition as described above, we would not proceed with such redemption and the related Business Combination and may instead search for an alternate Business Combination. Prospective targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a Business Combination transaction with us. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complet e the most desirable Business Combination or optimize our capital structure. At the time we enter into an agreement for our initial Business Combination, we will not know how many shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, and therefore will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted for redemption. If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we will need to reserve a portion of the cash in the trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing. In addition, if a larger number of shares are submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. Furthermore, this dilution would increase to the extent that the anti-dilution provision of the Class B ordinary shares results in the issuance of Class A Ordinary Shares on a greater than one-to-one basis upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at the time of our initial Business Combination. In addition, the amount of the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriters will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection with an initial Business Combination. The per share amount we will distribute to shareholders who properly exercise their redemption rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commission and after such redemptions, the amount held in trust will continue to reflect our obligation to pay the entire deferred underwriting commissions. The above considerations may limit our ability to complete the most desirable Business Combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The ability of our public shareholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could in crease the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your shares. If our initial Business Combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, the probability that our initial Business Combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial Business Combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account. If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your shares in the open market; however, at such time our shares may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with your exercise of redemption rights until we liquidate or you are able to sell your shares in the open market. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 The requirement that we complete our initial Business Combination within 15 months after the closing the IPO unless such period is extended in accordance with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination and may limit the time we have in which to conduct due diligence on potential Business Combination targets, in particular as we approach our dissolution deadline, which co uld undermine our ability to complete our initial Business Combination on terms that would produce value for our shareholders. Any potential target business with which we enter into negotiations concerning a Business Combination will be aware that we must complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us in negotiating a Business Combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial Business Combination with that particular target business, we may be unable to complete our initial Business Combination with any target business. This risk will increase as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter into our initial Business Combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. As the number of special purpose acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial Business Combination and could even result in our inability to find a target or to consummate an initial Business Combination. In recent years, the number of special purpose acquisition companies SPACs that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for SPACs have already entered into an initial Business Combination. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify suitable target and to consummate an initial Business Combination. In addition, because there are more SPACs seeking to enter into an initial Business Combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close Business Combinations or operate targets post-Business Combination. In addition, we are further limited in the pool of potential targets as under our amended and restated memorandum and articles, our Business Combination must not be effectuated with any target business based in or with principal business operations in Mainland China, Hong Kong or Macau. All these factors could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial Business Combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial Business Combination on terms favorable to our investors altogether. We may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period, in which case we would cease all operatio ns except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate and our public shareholders may only receive 10.30 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period. Our ability to complete our initial Business Combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions, volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. For example, the COVID-19 pandemic could limit our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, including as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable to us or at all. Additionally, the outbreak of COVID-19 and other events (such as terrorist attacks, natural disasters or a significant outbreak of other infectious diseases, including the resurgence or variants thereof) may negatively impact businesses we may seek to acquire. Financial markets may also be adversely affected by current or anticipated military conflicts (including the military conflicts between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in February 2022), terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events. Further, financial markets may be adversely affected by current or anticipated military conflicts (including the military conflicts between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in February 2022), terrorism, sanctions or other geopolitical events. If we have not completed our initial Business Combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law, in which case our public shareholders may only receive 10.30 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination, our Sponsor, initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares or Public Warrants from public shareholders, which may influence a vote on a proposed Business Combination and reduce the public float of our Class A Ordinary Shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase shares or Public Warrants in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion of our initial Business Combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. There is no limit on the number of shares our initial shareholders, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase shares or Public Warrants s in such transactions. Such purchases may include a contractual acknowledgment that such shareholder, although still the record holder of our shares, is no longer the beneficial owner thereof and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. In the event that our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public shareholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption rights or submitted a proxy to vote against our initial Business Combination, such selling shareholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares and any proxy to vote against our initial Business Combination. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the Business Combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining shareholder approval of the Business Combination or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial Business Combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of Public Warrants could be to reduce the number of Public Warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial Business Combination. Any such purchases of our securities may result in the completion of our initial Business Combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent such purchasers are subject to such reporting requirements. See the section entitled Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Permitted Purchases of Our Securities under item 1 of this report for a description of how our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. In addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A Ordinary Shares or Public Warrants and the number of beneficial holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading of our securities on a national securities exchange. If a shareholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination, or fail s to comply with the procedures for submitting or tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. We will comply with the proxy rules or tender offer rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a shareholder fails to receive our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, such shareholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial Business Combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or submit public shares for redemption. For example, we intend to require our public shareholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders or hold their shares in street name, to, at the holder s option, either deliver their share certificates to our transfer agent, or to deliver their shares to our transfer agent electronically prior to the date set forth in the proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable. In the case of proxy materials, this date may be up to two business days prior to the scheduled vote on the proposal to approve the initial Business Combination. In addition, if we conduct redemptions in connection with a shareholder vote, we intend to require a public shareholder seeking redemption of its public shares to also submit a written request for redemption to our transfer agent two business days prior to the scheduled vote in which the name, address and telephone number of the beneficial owner of such shares is included. In the event that a shareholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures disclosed in the proxy or tender offer materials, as applicable, its shares may not be redeemed. See the section entitled Effecting Our Initial Business Combination Delivering Share Certificates in Connection with the Exercise of Redemption Rights under item 1 of this report for a description of 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 how our Sponsor, directors, officers, advisors or any of their affiliates will select which shareholders to purchase securities from in any private transaction. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. Therefore, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss . Our public shareholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion of an initial Business Combination, and then only in connection with those Class A Ordinary Shares that such shareholder properly elected to redeem, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In no other circumstances will a public shareholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. Nasdaq may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transaction s in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. Our Units, Class A Ordinary Shares and Warrants are separately listed on Nasdaq. Our Class B ordinary shares are not listed on any exchange. We cannot assure you that our securities will continue to be listed on Nasdaq in the future or prior to our initial Business Combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial Business Combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and share price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum average market value of listed securities of 50,000,000, average market value of publicly held shares of 40,000,000 and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Additionally, in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq. For instance, in order for our Class A Ordinary Shares continue to be listed upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination, at such time, we must satisfy the requirements including keeping our share price generally at least 4.00 per share, the market value of our public shares at least 80,000,000 and we must have at least 300 round lot holders. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those listing requirements at that time. If Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant material adverse consequences, including: a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; reduced liquidity for our securities; a determination that our Class A Ordinary Shares are a penny stock which will require brokers trading in our Class A Ordinary Shares to adhere to more stringent rules and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market for our securities; a limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and a decreased a bility to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the future. 
 The National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Our Class A Ordinary Shares and warrants will qualify as covered securities under the statute. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain state securities 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers, to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our securities would not qualify as covered securities under the statute and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. You will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. Since the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial Business Combination with a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States securities laws. However, because we have net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 upon the completion of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants and filed a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance sheet demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors are not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other things, this means our Units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial Business Combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, and if you or a group of shareholders are deemed to hold in excess of 20 of our Class A Ordinary Shares, you will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 20 of our Class A Ordinary Shares. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provides that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 20 of the shares sold in the IPO without our prior consent, which we refer to as the Excess Shares. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Your inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and you could suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial Business Combination. And as a result, you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell your shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. Because of our limited resources and the significant competition for Business Combination opportunities, it may be more difficult for us to complete o ur initial Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We expect to encounter competition from other entities having a business objective similar to ours, including private investors (which may be individuals or investment partnerships), other blank check companies and other entities, domestic and international, competing for the types of businesses we intend to acquire. Many of these individuals and entities are well-established and have extensive experience in identifying and effecting, directly or indirectly, acquisitions of companies operating in or providing services to various industries. Many of these competitors possess similar or greater technical, human and other resources to ours or more local industry knowledge than we do and our financial resources will be relatively limited when contrasted with those of many of these competitors. While we believe there are numerous target businesses we could potentially acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our ability to compete with respect to the acquisition of certain target businesses that are sizable will be limited by our available financial resources. This inherent competitive limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of certain target businesses. Furthermore, we are obligated to offer holders of our public shares the right to redeem their shares for cash at the time of our initial Business Combination in conjunction with a shareholder vote or via a tender offer. Target companies will be aware that this may reduce the resources available to us for our initial Business Combination. Any of these obligations may place us at a competitive disadvantage in successfully negotiating a Business Combination. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public shareholders may receive only their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 Certain other entities affiliated with Chenghe Group have similar or overlapping investment objectives and guidelines, and we may not be presented with investment opportunities that may otherwise be suitable for us. Chenghe Group, which owns our Sponsor and is our affiliate, currently invests and plans to continue to invest third-party capital in a wide variety of investment opportunities globally. Chenghe Group, led by Mr. Richard Qi Li and his team, is an investment holding company committed to creating value for clients and society by identifying and investing in people or business with disruptive forces, right value proposition, strong execution and vision. In addition, Chenghe Group and/or its shareholders, directors and officers own or are affiliated with, and may in the future own or become affiliated with other SPACs. There may be overlap of investment opportunities with certain existing and future entities owned or managed by or affiliated with Chenghe Group. This overlap could create conflicts of interest. In particular, investment opportunities that may otherwise be suitable for us may not be presented to us by Chenghe Group or our Sponsor. This overlap could also create conflicts in determining to which entity a particular investment opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. This overlap could also create conflicts in determining to which entity a particular investment opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Certain members of our management team and advisory board may be involved in and have a greater financial interest in the performance of other entities affiliated with our Sponsor, and such activities may create conflicts of interest in making decisions on our behalf. Certain members of our management team and advisory board may be subject to a variety of conflicts of interest relating to their responsibilities to other ventures with which they may be affiliated, invests in or is otherwise affiliated with or may own, invest in or be otherwise affiliated with in the future, and entities for which any of our management team members serves as a member of management or their respective affiliates. Such individuals may serve as members of management or a board of directors (or in similar such capacity) to various other entities. Such positions may create a conflict between the advice and investment opportunities provided to such entities and the responsibilities owed to us. The other entities in which such individuals may become involved may have investment objectives that overlap with ours. Furthermore, certain of our principals and employees may have a greater financial interest in the performance of such other entities than our performance. Such involvement may create conflicts of interest in sourcing investment opportunities on our behalf and on behalf of such other entities. Involvement of members of our management, our directors, and companies with which they are affiliated in civil disputes, litigation, government or other investigations or other actual or alleged misconduct unrelated to our business affairs could materially impact our ability to consummate an initial Business Combination. Members of our management team, our directors, and companies with which they are affiliated have been, and in the future will continue to be, involved in a wide variety of business and other activities. As a result of such involvement, members of our management, our directors, and companies with which they are affiliated may be involved in civil disputes, litigation, governmental or other investigations or other actual or alleged misconduct relating to their affairs unrelated to our company. Any such development, including any negative publicity related thereto, may be detrimental to our reputation, negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial Business Combination in a material manner and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. If the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants not being held in the trust account are insufficient to allow us to operate during the Business Combination Period, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our initial Business Combination, and we will depend on loans from our Sponsor or management team to fund our search and to complete our initial Business Combination. Of the net proceeds of the IPO, only 1,300,000 are available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. We believe that the funds available to us outside of the trust account will be sufficient to allow us to operate during the Business Combination Period; however, we cannot assure you that our estimate is accurate. Of the funds available to us, we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business. We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other companies or investors on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed Business Combination, although we do not have any current intention to do so. 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to, a target business. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to borrow funds from our Sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate or may be forced to liquidate. Neither our Sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial Business Combination. Up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. The terms of such warrants would be identical to those of the Private Placement Warrants. Prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, we do not expect to seek loans from parties other than our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination because we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently, our public shareholders may only receive an estimated 10.30 per share, or possibly less, on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants will expire worthless. Subsequent to our completion of our initial Business Combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or oth er charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and our share price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. Even if we conduct due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will identify all material issues that may be present within a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining debt financing to partially finance the initial Business Combination or thereafter. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. The securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the value of the asse ts held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.30 per share. The proceeds held in the trust account will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act, which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination or make certain amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, our public shareholders are entitled to receive their pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the case we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders may be less than 10.30 per share. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by shareholders may be less than 10.30 per share. Our placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third party claims against us. Although we will seek to have all vendors, service providers, prospective target businesses and other entities with which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held in the trust account for the benefit of our public shareholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to, fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account, our management will consider whether competitive alternatives are reasonably available to us and will only enter into an agreement with such third party if management believes that such third party s engagement would be in the best interests of the Company under the circumstances. Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, and the underwriters of the IPO will not execute agreements with us waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account. Examples of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver. In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of, or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial Business Combination, we will be required to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public shareholders could be less than the 10.30 per public share initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Pursuant to the letter agreement which is filed as an exhibit to this report (the letter agreement ), our Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, if less than 10.30 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the trust account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, we have not asked our Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor have we independently verified whether our Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and we believe that our Sponsor s only assets are securities of our company. Therefore, we cannot assure you that our Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the trust account, the funds available for our initial Business Combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.30 per public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial Business Combination, and you would receive such lesser amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our officers or directors will indemnify us for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. Our directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our Sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders. In the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.30 per share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account if less than 10.30 per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case less taxes payable, and our Sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations. While we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our Sponsor to enforce its indemnification obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment and subject to their fiduciary duties may choose not to do so in any particular instance if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public shareholders may be reduced below 10.30 per share. 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 We may not have sufficient funds to s atisfy indemnification claims of our directors, officers and advisory board members. We have agreed to indemnify our officers, directors and members of our advisory board to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our officers, directors and members of our advisory board have agreed, and any future member of our advisory board will agree to waive any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if (i) we have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial Business Combination. Our obligation to indemnify our officers, directors and members of our advisory board may discourage shareholders from bringing a lawsuit against our officers or directors or members of our advisory board for breach of their fiduciary or other duty. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against our officers, directors and members of our advisory board, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our shareholders. Furthermore, a shareholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against our officers, directors and members of our advisory board pursuant to these indemnification provisions. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy or insolvency court m ay seek to recover such proceeds, and the members of our board of directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to our creditors, thereby exposing the members of our board of directors and us to claims of punitive damages. If, after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed under applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy or insolvency laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. As a result, a bankruptcy or insolvency court could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. In addition, our board of directors may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary ba nkruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over the claims of our shareholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If, before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public shareholders, we file a bankruptcy or winding-up petition or an involuntary bankruptcy or winding-up petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable bankruptcy or insolvency law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the claims of our shareholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our shareholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities may be restricted, which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combi nation. On March 30, 2022, the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC issued proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating, among other matters, to the circumstances in which SPACs such as us could potentially be subjected to the Investment Company Act and the regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require the company to file a Current Report on Form 8-K with the SEC announcing that it has entered into an agreement with the target company (or companies) to engage in an initial business combination no later than 18 months after the effective date of its registration statement for its initial public offering. The company would then be required to complete its initial Business Combination no later than 24 months after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to enter into a definitive agreement within 18 months after the effective date of IPO Registration Statement and to complete our initial Business Combination within 24 months after the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 There is currently uncertainty concerning the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like us. It is possible that a claim could be made that we have been operating as an unregistered investment company. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including restrictions on the nature of our investments and restrictio ns on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete our initial Business Combination. In addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including registration as an investment company; adoption of a specific form of corporate structure; and reporting, record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. As a result, unless the Company is able to modify its activities so that we would not be deemed an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may abandon our efforts to consummate a Business Combination and instead liquidate the Company. If we are required to liquidate the Company, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of owning shares or investing in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our shares and warrants following such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. We are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial Business Combination, and results of operations. If we are unable to consummate our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period, our public shareholders may be forced to wait beyond such time before redemption from our trust account. If we are unable to consummate our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period, the proceeds then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, as further described herein. Any redemption of public shareholders from the trust account will be effected automatically by function of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prior to any voluntary winding up. If we are required to wind-up, liquidate the trust account and distribute such amount therein, pro rata, to our public shareholders, as part of any liquidation process, such winding up, liquidation and distribution must comply with the applicable provisions of the Companies Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the Companies Act ). In that case, investors may be forced to wait beyond the end of the Business Combination Period before the redemption proceeds of our trust account become available to them, and they receive the return of their pro rata portion of the proceeds from our trust account. We have no obligation to return funds to investors prior to the date of our redemption or liquidation unless we consummate our initial Business Combination prior thereto and only then in cases where investors have sought to redeem their Class A Ordinary Shares. Only upon our redemption or any liquidation will public shareholders be entitled to distributions if we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination. Our shareholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption of their shares . If we are forced to enter into an insolvent liquidation, any distributions received by shareholders could be viewed as an unlawful payment if it was proved that immediately following the date on which the distribution was made, we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business. As a result, a liquidator could seek to recover some or all amounts received by our shareholders. Furthermore, our directors may be viewed as having breached their fiduciary duties to us or our creditors and/or may have acted in bad faith, thereby exposing themselves and our company to claims, by paying public shareholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. We cannot assure you that claims will not be brought against us for these reasons. We and our directors and officers who knowingly and willfully authorized or permitted any distribution to be paid out of our share premium account while we were unable to pay our debts as they fall due in the ordinary course of business would be guilty of an offence and may be liable to a fine and imprisonment in the Cayman Islands. 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 Our Sponsor may decide not to extend the term we have to consummate our initial Business Combination, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, and the warrants will be worthless. If we anticipate that we may not be able to consummate our initial Business Combination within 15 months, we may, by resolutions of our board if requested by our Sponsor, extend the period of time to consummate a Business Combination up to three times, each by an additional three months (for a total of up to 24 months to complete a Business Combination), so long as our Sponsor or its affiliates or designees pays into the trust account 1,150,000 (i.e., 0.10 per public share), on or prior to the date of the applicable deadline, for each three-months extension, or an aggregate of 2,300,000 (i.e., 0.20 per public share) for six months of extensions, or an aggregate of 3,450,000 (i.e., 0.30 per public share) for full nine months of extensions. None of our Sponsors or its affiliates or designees are obligated to fund the trust account to extend the time for us to complete our initial Business Combination. If we are unable to consummate our initial Business Combination within the applicable time period, we will redeem the public shares for a pro rata portion of the funds held in the trust account and, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in each case to our obligations under applicable law to provide for claims of creditors. In such event, the warrants will be worthless. We may engage one or more of our IPO underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as financial advisor in connection with an initial Business Combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction. Our underwriters are entitled to receive deferred commissions that will be released from the trust only on a completion of an initial Business Combination. These financial incentives may cause them to have potential conflicts of interest in rendering any such additional services to us, including, for example, in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial Business Combination. We may engage one or more of our IPO underwriters or one of their respective affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying potential targets, providing financial advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing. We may pay such underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined at that time in arm s length negotiation. The underwriters are also entitled to receive deferred commissions that are conditioned on the completion of an initial Business Combination. The underwriters or their respective affiliates financial interests tied to the consummation of a Business Combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation of an initial Business Combination. We may not hold an annual general meetin g until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination, which could delay the opportunity for our shareholders to appoint directors. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until no later than one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings to appoint directors. Until we hold an annual general meeting, public shareholders may not be afforded the opportunity to appoint directors and to discuss company affairs with management. Our board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year and each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In addition, as holders of our Class A Ordinary Shares, our public shareholders do not have the right to vote on the appointment of directors until after the consummation of our initial Business Combination. You will not be permitted to exercise your warrants unless we register and qualify the underlying Class A Ordinary Shares or certain exemptions are available. If the issuance of the Class A Ordinary Shares upon exercise of the warrants is not registered, qualified or exempt from registration or qualification under the Securities Act and applicable state securities laws, holders of warrants will not be entitled to exercise such warrants and such warrants may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase of Units will have paid the full Unit purchase price solely for the Class A Ordinary Shares included in the Units. We are not registering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement which is filed as an exhibit to this report (the warrant agreement ), we have agreed that, as soon as practicable, but in no event later than 15 business days, after the closing of our initial Business Combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement covering the registration under the 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 Securities Act of the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and thereafter will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective within 60 business days following our initial Business Combination and to maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act, under the terms of the warrant agreement, holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do so for cash and, instead, will be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. In no event will warrants be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration or qualification is available. If our Class A Ordinary Shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, not permit holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants to do so for cash and, instead, require them to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act; in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement or register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable state securities laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant, or issue securities (other than upon a cashless exercise as described above) or other compensation in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under the Securities Act or applicable state securities laws. You may only be able t o exercise your Public Warrants on a cashless basis under certain circumstances, and if you do so, you will receive fewer Class A Ordinary Shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The warrant agreement provides that in the following circumstances holders of warrants who seek to exercise their warrants will not be permitted to do for cash and will, instead, be required to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act: (i) if the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants are not registered under the Securities Act in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement; (ii) if we have so elected and the Class A Ordinary Shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of covered securities under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act; and (iii) if we have so elected and we call the Public Warrants for redemption. If you exercise your Public Warrants on a cashless basis, you would pay the warrant exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A Ordinary Shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A Ordinary Shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A Ordinary Shares (as defined in the next sentence) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value is the average reported closing price of the Class A Ordinary Shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to, or ending on the third trading day prior to, as the case may be, the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A Ordinary Shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). As a result, you would receive fewer Class A Ordinary Shares from such exercise than if you were to exercise such warrants for cash. The grant of registration rights to our initial shareholders and holders of our Private Placement Warrants may make it more difficult to complete our initial Business Combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A Or dinary Shares. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement which is filed as an exhibit to this report (the registration rights agreement ), our initial shareholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Class A Ordinary Shares into which Founder Shares are convertible, holders of our Private Placement Warrants and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the Private Placement Warrants and the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the Private Placement Warrants, and holders of securities that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans may demand that we register such units, shares, warrants or the Class A 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares. In addition, the existence of the registration rights may make our initial Business Combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the shareholders of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset the negative impact on the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares that is expected when the ordinary shares owned by our initial shareholders, holders of our Private Placement Warrants or holders of our Working Capital Loans or their respective permitted transferees are registered. Because we are neither limited to evaluating a target business in a particular industry sector nor have we selected any target businesses with which to pursue our initial Business Combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business s operations. Our efforts to identify a prospective initial Business Combination target will not be limited to a particular industry, sector or geographic region, except that, we will not undertake an initial Business Combination with any entity based in or with principal business operations in mainland China, Hong Kong or Macau. While we may pursue an initial Business Combination opportunity in any industry or sector, we intend to capitalize on the ability of our management team to identify and acquire a business or businesses that can benefit from our management team s established global relationships and operating experience. Our management team has extensive experience in identifying and executing strategic investments both in Asia and globally and has done so successfully in a number of sectors, including technology, fintech, financial services and healthcare sectors. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association prohibits us from effectuating a Business Combination solely with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a Business Combination, there is no basis to evaluate the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity, financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial Business Combination, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of sales or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct investment, if such opportunity were available, in a Business Combination target. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. Past performance by our management team, Chenghe Group, board members, advisory board members and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in the Company. Information regarding our management team, board members and advisory board members, Chenghe Group and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, is presented for informational purposes only. Any past experience and performance by our management team, board members and advisory board members, Chenghe Group and their respective affiliates and the businesses with which they have been associated, is not a guarantee that we will be able to successfully identify a suitable candidate for our initial Business Combination, that we will be able to provide positive returns to our shareholders, or of any results with respect to any initial Business Combination we may consummate. You should not rely on the historical experiences of our management team, board members and advisory board members, Chenghe Group and their respective affiliates, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with which they have been associated, as indicative of the future performance of an investment in us or as indicative of every prior investment by each of the members of our management team, board members and advisory board members, Chenghe Group or their respective affiliates. The market price of our securities may be influenced by numerous factors, many of which are beyond our control, and our shareholders may experience losses on their investment in our securities. 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 The prior investment track records of our management team, board members and advisory board members, Chenghe Group, and their respective affiliates may not be available on publicly available sources or may be subject to confidential agreements. As the prior investment track records of our management team, board members and advisory board members, Chenghe Group and their respective affiliates, including the investments and transactions in which they have participated in and businesses with which they have been associated with, are private transactions, information regarding their involvement with such transactions may not be publically available or is subject to confidential terms. This may limit the availability of information to our investors and potential target businesses pertaining to ours team s past track record which in turn may adversely affect our marketing efforts and ability to generate attractive Business Combination opportunities for our Company. We may seek Business Combination opportunities in indu stries or sectors that may be outside of our management s areas of expertise. We will consider a Business Combination outside of our management s areas of expertise if a Business Combination candidate is presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive Business Combination opportunity for our company. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular Business Combination candidate, we cannot assure you that we will adequately ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in our Units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors than a direct investment, if an opportunity were available, in a Business Combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue a Business Combination outside of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation or operation, and the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to ascertain or assess adequately all of the relevant risk factors. Accordingly, any shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following our initial Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses, we may enter into our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result, the target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with our general criteria and guidelines. Although we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target business with which we enter into our initial Business Combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete our initial Business Combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these guidelines, such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition, if we announce a prospective Business Combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater number of shareholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings. To the extent we effect our initial Business Combination with a company or business that may be financially unstable or in its early stages of development or growth, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in such company or business. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical financial data, volatile revenues or earnings, intense competition and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business. 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 We are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from a valuation or appraisal firm, and consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. Unless we complete our initial Business Combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine the fair market value of the target business or businesses (including with the assistance of financial advisors), we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or from a valuation or appraisal firm that the price we are paying is fair to our shareholders from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our shareholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors, who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will be disclosed in our proxy materials or tender offer documents, as applicable, related to our initial Business Combination. We may issue additional Class A Ordinary Shares or preference shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A Ordinary Shares upon the conversion of the Founder Shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained therein. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of our shareholders and likely present other risks. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorizes the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, par value 0.0001 per share, 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 per share, and 5,000,000 preference shares, par value 0.0001 per share. There are currently 488,500,000 and 47,125,000 authorized but unissued Class A Ordinary Shares and Class B ordinary shares, respectively, available for issuance which amount does not take into account shares reserved for issuance upon exercise of outstanding warrants or shares issuable upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares. The Class B ordinary shares are automatically convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial Business Combination, initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, including in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities related to our initial Business Combination. There are no preference shares issued and outstanding. We may issue a substantial number of additional Class A Ordinary Shares or preference shares to complete our initial Business Combination or under an employee incentive plan after completion of our initial Business Combination. We may also issue Class A Ordinary Shares upon conversion of the Class B ordinary shares at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial Business Combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions as set forth therein. However, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that prior to our initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional shares that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial Business Combination. These provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, like all provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, may be amended with a shareholder vote. The issuance of additional ordinary or preference shares: may significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in the Company; may subordinate the rights of holders of Class A Ordinary Shares if preference shares are issued with rights senior to those afforded our Class A Ordinary Shares; could cause a change in control if a substantial number of Class A Ordinary Shares are issued, which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers and directors; and may adversely a ffect prevailing market prices for our Units, Class A Ordinary Shares and/or warrants. 
 Unlike some other similarly structured SPACs, our initial shareholders will receive additional Class A Ordinary Shares if we issue certain shares to consummate an initial Business Combination. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A Ordinary Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial Business 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 Combination, the number of Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the total number of Class A Ordinary Shares outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A Ordinary Shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A Ordinary Shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A Ordinary Shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A Ordinary Shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to our Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. Resources could be wasted in researching Business Combinations that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements, disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants, attorneys, consultants and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial Business Combination, the costs incurred up to that point for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target business, we may fail to complete our initial Business Combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control. Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. We may be a passive foreign investment company, or PFIC, which could result in adverse United States federal income tax consequences to U.S. investors. If we are a PFIC for any taxable year (or portion thereof) that is included in the holding period of a U.S. Holder of our Class A Ordinary Shares or warrants, the U.S. Holder may be subject to adverse U.S. federal income tax consequences and may be subject to additional reporting requirements. Our PFIC status for our current and subsequent taxable years may depend on whether we qualify for the PFIC start-up exception. Depending on the particular circumstances the application of the start-up exception may be subject to uncertainty, and there cannot be any assurance that we will qualify for the start-up exception. Accordingly, there can be no assurances with respect to our status as a PFIC for our current taxable year or any subsequent taxable year. Our actual PFIC status for any taxable year, however, will not be determinable until after the end of such taxable year. Moreover, if we determine we are a PFIC for any taxable year, upon written request, we will endeavor to provide to a U.S. Holder such information as the Internal Revenue Service IRS may require, including a PFIC annual information statement, in order to enable the U.S. Holder to make and maintain a qualified electing fund election, but there can be no assurance that we will timely provide such required information, and such election would be unavailable with respect to our warrants in all cases. We urge U.S. investors to consult their own tax advisors regarding the possible application of the PFIC rules. There may be tax consequences to our Business Combinations that may adversely affect us. While we expect to undertake any merger or acquisition so as to minimize taxes both to the acquired business and/or asset and us, such Business Combination might not meet the statutory requirements of a tax-free reorganization, or the parties might not obtain the intended tax-free treatment upon a transfer of shares or assets. A reorganization that does not qualify as tax-free could result in the imposition of substantial taxes on holders of our securities. Our initial Business Combination and our structure thereafter may not be tax-efficient to our shareholders and warrant holders. As a result of our Business Combination, our tax obligations may be more complex, burdensome and uncertain. Although we will attempt to structure our initial Business Combination in a tax-efficient manner, tax structuring considerations are complex, the relevant facts and law are uncertain and may change, and we may prioritize commercial and other considerations over tax considerations. For example, in connection with our initial Business Combination and subject to any requisite shareholder approval, we may structure our Business Combination in a manner that requires shareholders and/or warrant holders to recognize gain or income for tax purposes, effect a Business Combination with a target company in another jurisdiction, or reincorporate in a different jurisdiction 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 (including, but not limited to, the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located). We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay taxes in connection with our Business Combination or thereafter. Accordingly, a shareholder or a warrant holder may need to satisfy any liability resulting from our initial Business Combination with cash from its own funds or by selling all or a portion of the shares or warrants received. In addition, shareholders and warrant holders may also be subject to additional income, withholding or other taxes with respect to their ownership of us after our initial Business Combination. In addition, we may effect a Business Combination with a target company that has business operations outside of the United States, and possibly, business operations in multiple jurisdictions. If we effect such a Business Combination, we could be subject to significant income, withholding and other tax obligations in a number of jurisdictions with respect to income, operations and subsidiaries related to those jurisdictions. Due to the complexity of tax obligations and filings in other jurisdictions, we may have a heightened risk related to audits or examinations by U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. taxing authorities. This additional complexity and risk could have an adverse effect on our after-tax profitability and financial condition. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction prior to or in connection with our initial Business Combination and such reincorporation may result in taxes imposed on shareholders or warrant holders. We may, prior to or in connection with our initial Business Combination and subject to requisite shareholder approval by special resolution under the Companies Act, merge with another company, or reincorporate in the jurisdiction in which the target company or business is located or in another jurisdiction. The transaction may require a shareholder or warrant holder to recognize taxable income in the jurisdiction in which the shareholder or warrant holder is a tax resident or in which its members are resident if it is a tax transparent entity. We do not intend to make any cash distributions to shareholders or warrant holders to pay such taxes. Shareholders or warrant holders may be subject to withholding taxes or other taxes, or other adverse consequences, with respect to their ownership of us after the reincorporation. A majority of our directors and officers currently reside outside of the United States, and after our initial Business Combination, it is possible that all or a majority of our directors and officers will live outside the United States and all of our assets will be located outside the United States; therefore, investors may not be able to enforce federal securities laws or their other legal rights. A majority of our directors and officers currently reside outside of the United States, with some residing in Hong Kong. It is possible that after our initial Business Combination, all or a majority of our directors and officers will reside outside of the United States and all of our assets will be located outside of the United States. As a result, it may be difficult, or in some cases not possible, for investors in the United States to enforce their legal rights, to effect service of process upon all of our directors or officers or to enforce judgments of United States courts predicated upon civil liabilities and criminal penalties on our directors and officers under United States laws. In particular, judgment of United States courts will not be directly enforced in Hong Kong. There are currently no treaties or other arrangements providing for reciprocal enforcement of foreign judgments between Hong Kong and the United States. However, the common law permits an action to be brought upon a foreign judgment. That is to say, a foreign judgment itself may form the basis of a cause of action since the judgment may be regarded as creating a debt between the parties to it. In a common law action for enforcement of a foreign judgment in Hong Kong, the enforcement is subject to various conditions, including but not limited to, that the foreign judgment is a final judgment conclusive upon the merits of the claim, the judgment is for a liquidated amount in a civil matter and not in respect of taxes, fines, penalties, or similar charges, the proceedings in which the judgment was obtained were not contrary to natural justice, and the enforcement of the judgment is not contrary to public policy of Hong Kong. Such a judgment must be for a fixed sum and must also come from a competent court as determined by the private international law rules applied by the Hong Kong courts. The defenses that are available to a defendant in a common law action brought on the basis of a foreign judgment include lack of jurisdiction, breach of natural justice, fraud, and contrary to public policy. However, a separate legal action for debt must be commenced in Hong Kong in order to recover such debt from the judgment debtor. We are dependent upon our officers, directors and advisory board members and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. Our operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors and members of our advisory board. We believe that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors and the advisory services from our advisory board members, at least until we have completed our initial Business Combination. In addition, our officers, directors and advisory board members are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying potential Business Combinations, monitoring the related due diligence and completing our Business Combination. We do not have an employment agreement with, or 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors, officers or advisory board members. The unexpected loss of the services of one or more of our directors, officers or advisory board members could have a detrimental effect on us. Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination and to be successful thereafter will be dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, including members of our management team, some of whom may join us following our initial Business Combination, as well as the efforts and support of members of the advisory board. The loss of key personnel and key members of the advisory board could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our ability to successfully effect our initial Business Combination is dependent upon the efforts of our key personnel, including members of our management team, as well as the efforts and support of members of our board and advisory board. Members of our management team, board and advisory board have been and continue to be involved in a wide variety of businesses and enterprises. Any negative developments affecting such businesses or enterprises associated with our management team, board members or advisory board members, or individually affecting any individual management team, board member or advisory board member, could negatively impact our reputation and affect our ability to identify and complete an initial Business Combination, and may have an adverse effect on the price of our securities. Moreover, the role of our key personnel and members of our board and advisory board in the target business cannot presently be ascertained. Although some of our key personnel or members of our board or advisory board may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial Business Combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial Business Combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. In addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The departure of a Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. Our key personnel, including members of our management team, and/or members of our board and advisory board may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular Business Combination, and a particular Business Combination may be conditioned on the retention or resignation of such key personnel and/or members of our board or advisory board. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial Business Combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular Business Combination is the most advantageous. Our key personnel, including members of our management team, and/or members of our board or advisory board may be able to remain with our Company after the completion of our initial Business Combination only if they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the Business Combination. Such negotiations would take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the Business Combination and could provide for such individuals to receive compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the Business Combination. Such negotiations also could make such key personnel s and/or advisory board members retention or resignation a condition to any such agreement. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business, subject to their fiduciary duties under Cayman Islands law. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may effect our initial Business Combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company. When evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial Business Combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities of the target business s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications or abilities we suspected. Should the target business s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly, any 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 shareholders who choose to remain shareholders following the Business Combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their shares. Such shareholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value unless they are able to successfully claim that the reduction was due to the breach by our officers or directors of a duty of care or other fiduciary duty owed to them, or if they are able to successfully bring a private claim under securities laws that the proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, relating to the Business Combination contained an actionable material misstatement or material omission. The officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial Business Combination. The loss of a Business Combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial Business Combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial Business Combination, it is possible that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. Our officers and directors and advisory board members will allocate their time and other resources to other businesses unrelated to us, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination as to how much time and resources to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. None of our officers and directors (including our chairman of the board, Mr. Richard Qi Li, who is the chief executive officer and director of HH L Acquisition Co.) and advisory board members is required to, and none will, commit his or her full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict of interest in allocating his or her time between our operations and our search for a Business Combination and his or her other businesses. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. Each of our officers is engaged in other business endeavors for which he or she may be entitled to substantial compensation, and our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. Our directors, including our independent directors, also serve as officers and board members for other entities. If our officers and directors and advisory board members other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such other affairs (whether or not in excess of their current commitment levels), it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. In particular, as each of our advisory board members (such as Mr. Kenneth Hitchner, who is the chairman of the board of HH L Acquisition Co.) serves solely in an advisory capacity, none of them has duty to allocate time to our business and will have conflicts of interest in allocating his time to other business activities where he has duties to serve in a management or other official capacity. Our officers and directors and advisory board members presently have, and any of them or future members of the advisory board in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. Until we consummate our initial Business Combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more businesses. Each of our officers, directors and advisory board members presently has, and any of them or future members of the advisory board in the future may have, additional fiduciary or contractual obligations to other entities pursuant to which such officer, director or advisory board member is or will be required to present a Business Combination opportunity to such entity. For instance, Mr. Kenneth Hitchner, our chairman of the advisory board, is the chairman of the board of another SPAC, HH L Acquisition Co., and Mr. Richard Qi Li, our chairman of the board, is the chief executive officer and director of HH L Acquisition Co. In particular, each of our advisory board members acts solely in an advisory capacity and does not owe us any fiduciary or contractual duty to provide us with investment opportunities while he at the same time is subject to certain fiduciary or contractual duties to other entities for which he serves as a director, officer or other position. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us, subject to the fiduciary duties of our directors and officers under Cayman Islands law. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law: (i) no individual serving as a director or an officer shall have any duty, except and to the extent expressly assumed by contract, to refrain from engaging directly or indirectly in the same or similar business activities or lines of business as us; and (ii) we renounce any interest or expectancy in, or in being offered an opportunity to participate in, any potential transaction or matter which may be a corporate opportunity for any director or officer, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, our Sponsor and our officers and directors, and advisory board members may Sponsor or form other SPACs similar to ours or may pursue other business or investment ventures during the period in which we are seeking an initial Business Combination. Any such companies, businesses or investments may present additional conflicts of interest in pursuing an initial Business Combination. However, we do not believe that any such potential conflicts would materially affect our ability to complete our initial Business Combination. Our officers, directors, advisory board members, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with our interests. We have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, advisory board members, security holders or affiliates from having a direct or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which we are a party or have an interest. In fact, we may enter into a Business Combination with a target business that is affiliated with our Sponsor, our directors or officers or advisory board members, although we do not intend to do so. Nor do we have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. The personal and financial interests of our directors and officers and advisory board members may influence their motivation in timely identifying and selecting a target business and completing a Business Combination. Consequently, our directors and officers and advisory board members discretion in identifying and selecting a suitable target business may result in a conflict of interest when determining whether the terms, conditions and timing of a particular Business Combination are appropriate and in our shareholders best interest. If this were the case, in the case of any of our directors and officers, it would be a breach of his/her fiduciary duties to us as a matter of Cayman Islands law and we or our shareholders might have a claim against such individual for infringing on our shareholders rights. However, we might not ultimately be successful in any claim we may make against them for such reason. We may engage our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as an advisor or otherwise with respect to our Business Combinations and certain other transactions. Any salary or fee in connection with such engagement may be conditioned upon the completion of such transactions. This financial interest in the completion of such transactions may influence the advice such entity provides. We may engage our Sponsor or an affiliate of our Sponsor as an advisor or otherwise in connection with our initial Business Combination and certain other transactions and pay such person or entity a salary or fee in an amount that constitutes a market standard for comparable transactions. Pursuant to any such engagement, such person or entity may earn its salary or fee upon closing of the initial Business Combination. The payment of such salary or fee would likely be conditioned upon the completion of the initial Business Combination. Therefore, such persons or entities may have additional financial interests in the completion of the initial Business Combination. These financial interests may influence the advice such entity provides us, which advice would contribute to our decision on whether to pursue a Business Combination with any particular target. We may engage in a Business Combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisory board members or our existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. In light of the involvement of our Sponsor, officers and directors and advisory board members with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers and directors, advisory board members or our existing holders. Our directors, officers and advisory board members also serve as officers and board members for other entities, including, without limitation. Such entities may compete with us for Business Combination opportunities. Our Sponsor, officers and directors and current advisory board member are not currently aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial Business Combination with any entities with which they are affiliated, and there have been no substantive discussions concerning a Business Combination with any such entity or entities. Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a Business Combination and such transaction was approved by a majority of our independent and disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm which is a member of FINRA or a valuation or appraisal firm regarding the fairness to our company from a financial point of view of a Business Combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisory board members or our existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the Business Combination may not be as advantageous to our public shareholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Since our Sponsor, officers and directors will lose their entire investment in us if our initial Business Combination is not completed, a conflict of interest may arise in determining whether a particular Business Combination target is appropriate for our initial Business Combination. On April 8, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering expenses of the Company in exchange for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001 (the Founder Shares ). On June 20, 2021 and on December 28, 2021, respectively, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited to us 1,437,500 Founders Shares for no consideration. On March 29, 2022, the Sponsor further surrendered and forfeited to us 1,437,500 Founder Shares for no consideration. On March 30, 2022, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 177,439 Founder Shares to our independent directors and advisory board member, for their respective board and advisory services, in each case for no consideration, including 20,000 Founder Shares to each of Kwan Sun, Robert Ewing and Ning Ma, 50,000 Founder Shares to Kenneth Hitchner and 67,439 Founder Shares to Dr. Zhiwei Liu. As of December 31, 2022, the Sponsor holds 2,697,561 Founder Shares. Prior to the initial investment in the Company of 25,000 by the Sponsor, the Company had no assets, tangible or intangible. The purchase price of the Founder Shares was determined by dividing the amount of cash contributed to the Company by the number of Founder Shares issued. The number of Founder Shares outstanding was determined based on the expectation that the total size of the IPO, and therefore that such Founder Shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the IPO. The Founder Shares will be worthless if we do not complete an initial Business Combination. In addition, our Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,750,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant for an aggregate purchase price of 7,750,000. The Private Placement Warrants will also be worthless if we do not complete our initial Business Combination. The personal and financial interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target Business Combination, completing an initial Business Combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial Business Combination. This risk may become more acute as the end of Business Combination Period nears, which is the deadline for our completion of an initial Business Combination. We may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a Business Combination, which may adversely affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our shareholders investment in us. Although we have no commitments as of the date of this report to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise incur outstanding debt following the IPO, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial Business Combination. We and our officers have agreed that we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per share amount available for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: default and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial Business Combination are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; acceleration of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; our immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security is payable on demand; our inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; our inability to pay dividends on our Class A Ordinary Shares; using a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which will reduce the funds available for dividends on our Class A Ordinary Shares if declared, expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; limitations on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the industry in which we operate; 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 increased vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions and adverse changes in government regulation; and limitations on ou r ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions, debt service requirements, execution of our strategy and other purposes and other disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 
 We may only be able to complete one Business Combination with the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. The net proceeds from the IPO and the private placement of warrants provide us with 114,425,000 that we may use to complete our initial Business Combination (after taking into account the 4,025,000 of deferred underwriting commissions being held in the trust account). We may effectuate our initial Business Combination with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not be able to effectuate our initial Business Combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined basis. By completing our initial Business Combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several Business Combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: solely dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset, or dependent upo n the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products, processes or services. 
 This lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory risks, any or all of which may have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial Business Combination. Since only holders of our Founder Shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to our initial Business Combination, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s rules and, as a result, we may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to shareholders of other companies. Only holders of our Founder Shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements, including the requirements that: we have a board that includes a majority of independent directors as defined under Nasdaq rules; we have a compensation committee of our board that is comprised entirely of independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose and responsibilities; and we have independent director oversight of our director nominations. 
 If we were to elect not to comply with any or all of these corporate governance requirements, you may not have the same protections afforded to shareholders of companies that are subject to Nasdaq corporate governance requirements. 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 We may attempt to simultaneously complete Business Combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to complete our initial Business Combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations and profitability. If we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other Business Combinations, which may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial Business Combination. With multiple Business Combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. We may attempt to complete our initial Business Combination with a private company about which little information is available, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. In pursuing our Business Combination strategy, we may seek to effectuate our initial Business Combination with a privately held company. Very little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to pursue a potential initial Business Combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a Business Combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. Our management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial Business Combination. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. We may structure our initial Business Combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public shareholders own shares will own less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such Business Combination if the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires a controlling interest in the target sufficient for us not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our shareholders prior to the Business Combination may collectively own a minority interest in the post Business Combination company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the Business Combination. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new Class A Ordinary Shares in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock, shares or other equity interests of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new Class A Ordinary Shares, our shareholders immediately prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares subsequent to such transaction. In addition, other minority shareholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining a larger portion of the company s shares than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to complete our initial Business Combination with which a substantial majority of our shareholders do not agree. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that in no event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. In addition, our proposed initial Business Combination may impose a minimum cash requirement for (i) cash consideration to be paid to the target or its owners, (ii) cash for working capital or other general corporate purposes or (iii) the retention of cash to satisfy other conditions. As a result, we may be able to complete our initial Business Combination even though a substantial majority of our public shareholders do not agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or any of their affiliates. In the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all Class A Ordinary Shares that are validly submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed Business Combination exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the Business Combination or redeem any shares, all Class A Ordinary Shares submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate Business Combination. 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 In order to effectuate an initial Business Combination, SPACs have amended various provisions of their charters and other governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or governing instruments in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial Business Combination that our shareholders may not support. In order to effectuate a Business Combination, SPACs have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreements. For example, SPACs have amended the definition of Business Combination, increased redemption thresholds and extended the time to consummate an initial Business Combination and, with respect to their warrants, amended their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. Amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants (which may include Public Warrants acquired by our Sponsor or its affiliates in the open market). All other modifications or amendments will require the vote or written consent of holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, 50 of the then issued and outstanding Private Placement Warrants. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association requires us to provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash if we propose an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete an initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. To the extent any of such amendments would be deemed to fundamentally change the nature of the securities offered through our registration statement, we would register, or seek an exemption from registration for, the affected securities. We cannot assure you that we will not seek to amend our charter or governing instruments or extend the time to consummate an initial Business Combination in order to effectuate our initial Business Combination. The provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association that relate to our pre-Business Combination activity (and corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval by special resolution of holders of not less than two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company (or 65 of our ordinary shares with respect to amendments to the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account), which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other SPACs. It may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to facilitate the completion of an initial Business Combination that some of our shareholders may not support. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that any of its provisions related to pre-Business Combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of the IPO and the private placement of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights to public shareholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by special resolution, under Cayman Islands law which requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our ordinary shares. Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of the IPO, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result, we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association which govern our pre-Business Combination behavior more easily than some other SPACs, and this may increase our ability to complete a Business Combination with which you do not agree. Our shareholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a written agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, unless we provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 redeem their Class A Ordinary Shares upon approval of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. Our shareholders are not parties to, or third-party beneficiaries of, these agreements and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our Sponsor, officers, or directors for any breach of these agreements. As a result, in the event of a breach, our shareholders would need to pursue a shareholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. Our letter agreement with our Sponsor, officers and directors may be amended without shareholder approval. Our letter agreement with our Sponsor, officers and directors contain provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in liquidating distributions from the trust account. The letter agreement may be amended without shareholder approval (although releasing the parties from the restriction not to transfer the Founder Shares for 185 days following the date of the IPO prospectus will require the prior written consent of the underwriters). While we do not expect our board to approve any amendment to the letter agreement prior to our initial Business Combination, it may be possible that our board, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses to approve one or more amendments to the letter agreement. Any such amendments to the letter agreement would not require approval from our shareholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination or to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular Business Combination. We have not selected any specific Business Combination target but intend to target businesses with enterprise values that are greater than we could acquire with the net proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants. As a result, if the cash portion of the purchase price exceeds the amount available from the trust account, net of amounts needed to satisfy any redemption by public shareholders, we may be required to seek additional financing to complete such proposed initial Business Combination. We cannot assure you that such financing will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed to complete our initial Business Combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular Business Combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. Further, we may be required to obtain additional financing in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination for general corporate purposes, including for maintenance or expansion of operations of the post-transaction businesses, the payment of principal or interest due on indebtedness incurred in completing our initial Business Combination, or to fund the purchase of other companies. If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination, our public shareholders may only receive their pro rata portion of the funds in the trust account that are available for distribution to public shareholders, and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition, even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial Business Combination, we may require such financing to fund the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or shareholders is required to provide any financing to us in connection with or after our initial Business Combination. Our initial shareholders control a substantial interest in us and thus may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support. Upon closing of the IPO, our initial shareholders own 20 of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares. Accordingly, they may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a shareholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including amendments to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. If our initial shareholders purchase any additional Class A Ordinary Shares in the aftermarket or in privately negotiated transactions, this would increase their control. Neither our initial shareholders nor, to our knowledge, any of our officers or directors, have any current intention to purchase additional securities, other than as disclosed in the IPO prospectus. Factors that would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class A Ordinary Shares. Assuming that only one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, are voted, we will not need any public shares in addition to our founder shares to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have an initial Business Combination approved. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were appointed by our Sponsor, is and will be divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a terms for three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the Business Combination. If there is an annual general meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only a minority of the board 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 of directors will be considered for appointment and our initial shareholders, because of their ownership position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial shareholders will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial Business Combination. In addition, in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents of the Company or to adopt new constitutional documents of the Company, in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands), only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote. As a result, you will not have any influence over our continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands prior to our initial Business Combination. Accordingly, our Sponsor will continue to exert control at least until the completion of our initial Business Combination. The nominal purchase price paid by our Sponsor for the Founder Shares may result in significant dilution to the implied value of your public shares upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination. Our Units were sold at 10.00 per Unit at IPO and the amount in our trust account is initially anticipated to be 10.30 per public share, implying an initial value of 10.30 per public share. However, prior to the IPO, our Sponsor paid a nominal aggregate purchase price of 25,000 for the Founder Shares, or approximately 0.009 per share. As a result, the value of your public shares may be significantly diluted upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination, when the Founder Shares are converted into public shares. For example, the following table shows the dilutive effect of the Founder Shares on the implied value of the public shares upon the consummation of our initial Business Combination assuming that our equity value at that time is 118,450,000, which is approximately the amount we deposited in the trust account upon the consummation of our IPO, no interest is earned on the funds held in the trust account, and no public shares are redeemed in connection with our initial Business Combination, and without taking into account any other potential impacts on our valuation at such time, such as the trading price of our public shares, the Business Combination transaction costs (including payment of deferred underwriting commissions), any equity issued or cash paid to the target s sellers or other third parties, or the target s business itself, including its assets, liabilities, management and prospects, as well as the value of our public and private warrants. At such valuation, each of our ordinary shares would have an implied value of 8.24 per share upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, which is a 20 decrease as compared to the initial implied value per public share of 10.30. 

Public shares 11,500,000 Founder shares 2,875,000 Total shares 14,375,000 Total funds in trust available for initial Business Combination 118,450,000 Initial implied value per public share 10.30 Implied value per share upon consummation of initial Business Combination 8.24 The value of the founder shares following completion of our initial Business Combination is likely to be substantially higher than the nominal price paid for them, even if the trading price of our ordinary shares at such time is substantially less than 10.00 per share. Upon consummation of the IPO, our Sponsor have invested in us an aggregate of 7,775,000, comprised of the 25,000 purchase price for the Founder Shares and the 7,750,000 purchase price for the Private Placement Warrants. Assuming a trading price of 10.00 per share upon consummation of our initial Business Combination, the 2,875,000 Founder Shares would have an aggregate implied value of 28,750,000. Even if the trading price of our ordinary shares were as low as 3.00 per share, and the Private Placement Warrants are worthless, the value of the Founder Shares would be higher than the Sponsor s initial investment in us. As a result, our Sponsor is likely to be able to make a substantial profit on its investment in us at a time when our public shares have lost significant value. Accordingly, our chairman of the board, Mr. Richard Qi Li, who currently owns 100 indirect interests in our Sponsor through Chenghe Group Limited, may be more willing to pursue a Business Combination with a riskier, weaker performing or less-established target business than would be the case if our Sponsor had paid the same per share price for the Founder Shares as our public shareholders paid for their public shares. 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 We may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of Public Warrants with the approval by the holders of at least 50 of the then issued and outstanding Public Warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased, the exercise period could be shortened and the number of Class A Ordinary Shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant could be decreased, all without your approval. Our warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of Public Warrants. All other modifications or amendments shall require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the Private Placement Warrants requires the vote or written consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Public Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder of Public Warrants if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment and, solely with respect to any amendment to the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement with respect to the Private Placement Warrants, 50 of the number of the then outstanding Private Placement Warrants. Although our ability to amend the terms of the Public Warrants with the consent of at least 50 of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of Class A Ordinary Shares purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. A provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination. If (i) we issue additional ordinary shares or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination at a Newly Issued Price (as defined in the warrant agreement) of less than 9.20 per Class A Ordinary Share, (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial Business Combination, and (iii) the Market Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of our Class A Ordinary Shares is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial Business Combination with a target business. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. We have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the closing price of our Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30 trading-day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we give proper notice of such redemption to the warrants holders and provided certain other conditions are met. We will not redeem the warrants unless an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A Ordinary Shares is available throughout the 30-day redemption period, except if the warrants may be exercised on a cashless basis and such cashless exercise is exempt from registration under the Securities Act. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you to (i) exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially less than the market value of your warrants. None of the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us. Our warrants may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A Ordinary Shares and make it more difficult to effectuate our initial Business Combination. In connection with the IPO, we issued Public Warrants to purchase 5,750,000 Class A Ordinary Shares as part of the Units offered in the IPO, and issued an aggregate of 7,750,000 Private Placement Warrants, at 1.00 per warrant. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 In addition, if the Sponsor makes any Working Capital Loans, it may convert those loans into up to an additional 1,500,000 Private Placement Warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant. To the extent we issue ordinary shares to effectuate a business transaction, the potential for the issuance of a substantial number of additional Class A Ordinary Shares upon exercise of these warrants could make us a less attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Such warrants, when exercised, will increase the number of issued and outstanding Class A Ordinary Shares and reduce the value of the Class A Ordinary Shares issued to complete the business transaction. Therefore, our warrants may make it more difficult to effectuate a business transaction or increase the cost of acquiring the target business. Because each Unit contains one-half of one warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the Units may be worth less than units of other SPACs. Each Unit contains one-half of one warrant. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, no fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units, and only whole units will trade. If, upon exercise of the warrants, a holder would be entitled to receive a fractional interest in a share, we will, upon exercise, round down to the nearest whole number the number of Class A Ordinary Shares to be issued to the warrant holder. This is different from other offerings similar to ours whose units include one ordinary share and one warrant to purchase one whole share. We have established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of a Business Combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to units that each contain a whole warrant to purchase one share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our Units to be worth less than if it included a warrant to purchase one whole share. Our warrant agreement designates the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our warrants, which could limit the ability of holders of our warrants to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us. Our warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to our warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of our warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of, and to have consented to, the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions of our warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder of our warrants shall be deemed to have consented to (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ), and (y) having service of process made upon such holder of our warrants in any such enforcement action by service upon such holder s counsel in the foreign action as agent for such holder of our warrants. This choice-of-forum provision may limit the ability of a holder of our warrants to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and board of directors. Because we must furnish our shareholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous initial Business Combination with some prospective target businesses. The federal proxy rules require that the proxy statement with respect to the vote on an initial Business Combination include historical and pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules. These financial statements may be required to be prepared 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the International Accounting Standards Board IFRS depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such statements in accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame. We are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public companies. We are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting r equirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and shareholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our shareholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A Ordinary Shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. Additionally, we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Rule 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our ordinary shares held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30. To the extent we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public companies difficult or impossible. Compliance obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to effectuate our initial Business Combination, require substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an initial Business Combination. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ending December 31, 2023. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer, and no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, will we be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared to other public companies because a target business with which we seek to complete our initial Business Combination may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary to complete any such Business Combination. Because we are incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands, you may face difficulties in protecting your interests, and your ability to protect your rights through the U.S. Federal courts may be limited. We are an exempted company incorporated under the laws of the Cayman Islands with limited liability. As a result, it may be difficult for investors to effect service of process within the United States upon our directors or officers, or enforce judgments obtained in the United States courts against our directors or officers. Our corporate affairs will be governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act (as the same may be supplemented or amended from time to time) and the common law of the Cayman Islands. We will also be subject to the federal securities laws of the United States. The rights of shareholders to take action against the directors, actions by minority shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors to us under Cayman Islands law are to a large extent governed by the common law of the Cayman Islands. The common law of the Cayman Islands is derived in part from comparatively limited judicial precedent in the Cayman Islands as well as from English common law, the decisions of whose courts are of persuasive authority, but are not binding on a court in the Cayman Islands. The rights of our shareholders and the fiduciary responsibilities of our directors under Cayman Islands law are different from what they would be under statutes or judicial precedent in some jurisdictions in the United States. In particular, the Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States, and certain states, such as Delaware, may have more fully developed and judicially interpreted bodies of corporate law. In addition, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to initiate a shareholders derivative action in a Federal court of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, a judgment obtained in such jurisdiction will be recognized and enforced in the courts of the Cayman Islands at common law, without any re-examination of the merits of the underlying dispute, by an action commenced on the foreign judgment debt in the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, provided such judgment: (i) is given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated sum for which the judgment has been given, (iii) is final, (iv) is not in the nature of taxes, a fine, or a penalty; and (v) was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands. However, there is uncertainty with regard to Cayman Islands law on whether judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any State will be determined by the courts of the Cayman Islands penal or punitive in nature. If such a determination is made, the courts of the Cayman Islands will not recognize or enforce the judgment against a Cayman Islands company, such as our company. Because such a determination in relation to judgments obtained from U.S. courts under civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws has not yet been made by a court of the Cayman Islands, it is uncertain whether such judgments would be enforceable in the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. As a result of all of the above, public shareholders may have more difficulty in protecting their interests in the face of actions taken by management, members of the board of directors or controlling shareholders than they would as public shareholders of a United States company. Provisions in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A Ordinary Shares and could entrench management. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contain provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that shareholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preference shares, which may make the removal of 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that the courts of the Cayman Islands will be the exclusive forums for certain disputes between us and our shareholders, which could limit our shareholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for complaints against us or our directors, officers or employees. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or otherwise related in any way to each shareholder s shareholding in us, including but not limited to (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any of our current or former director, officer or other employee to us or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act or our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the laws of the United States of America) and that each shareholder irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes. The forum selection provision in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not apply to actions or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States of America, the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such a claim. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association also provide that, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that we may have, each of our shareholders acknowledges that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly we shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum. This choice of forum provision may increase a shareholder s cost and limit the shareholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or other employees, which may discourage lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and other employees. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any of our shares or other securities, whether by transfer, sale, operation of law or otherwise, shall be deemed to have notice of and have irrevocably agreed and consented to these provisions. There is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce such provisions, and the enforceability of similar choice of forum provisions in other companies charter documents has been challenged in legal proceedings. It is possible that a court could find this type of provisions to be inapplicable or unenforceable, and if a court were to find this provision in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving the dispute in other jurisdictions, which could have adverse effect on our business and financial performance. Cyber incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial loss. We depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure, or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection, we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against, or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH ACQUIRING AND OPERATING A BUSINESS IN FOREIGN COUNTRIES If we effect our initial Business Combination with a company located outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may adversely affect us. If we pursue a target company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we may face additional burdens in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing such initial Business Combination, and if 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 we effect such initial Business Combination, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. If we pursue a target a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States for our initial Business Combination, we would be subject to risks associated with cross-border Business Combinations, including in connection with investigating, agreeing to and completing our initial Business Combination, conducting due diligence in a foreign jurisdiction, having such transaction approved by any local governments, regulators or agencies and changes in the purchase price based on fluctuations in foreign exchange rates. If we effect our initial Business Combination with such a company, we would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including any of the following: costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations; rules and regulations regarding currency redemption; complex corporate withholding taxes on individuals; laws governing the manner in which future Business Combinations may be effected; exchange listing and/or delisting requirements; tariffs and trade barriers; regulations related to customs and import/export matters; local or regional economic policies and market conditions; unexpected changes in regulatory requirements; challenges in managing and staffing international operations; longer payment cycles; tax issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United States; currency fluctuations and exchange controls; rates of inflation; challenges in collecting accounts receivable; cultural and language differences; employment regulations; underdeveloped or unpredictable legal or regulatory systems; corruption; protection of intellectual property; social unrest, crime, strikes, riots and civil disturbances; 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 regime changes and political upheaval; terrorist attacks and wars, including the military conflict between Ukraine, the Russian Federation and Belarus that started in February 2022; and deterioration of pol itical relations with the United States. 
 We may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, we may be unable to complete such initial Business Combination, or, if we complete such initial Business Combination, our operations might suffer, either of which may adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. Trading in our securities may be prohibited under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act if the PCAOB determines that it cannot inspect or fully investigate the combined company s auditors. In that case, Nasdaq would delist our securities. The delisting of our securities, or the threat of their being delisted, may materially and adversely affect the value of your investment. Additionally, if the PCAOB were unable to conduct full inspections of the combined company s auditors, it would deprive our investors of the benefits of such inspections. Under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act HFCAA which was signed into law on December 18, 2020, issuer with securities publicly listed on a U.S. securities exchange for three consecutive years, trading of such securities on such exchange or over-the-counter markets may be prohibited, which may result in the delisting of such securities from the relevant exchange and prohibition of trading of such securities in the over-the-counter trading market in the U.S. On December 2, 2021, the SEC adopted amendments to finalize rules implementing the submission and disclosure requirements in the HFCAA. These amendments finalize the interim final rules adopted in March. The amendments apply to registrants the SEC identifies as having filed an annual report issued by a registered public accounting firm that is located in a foreign jurisdiction and that the PCAOB is unable to inspect or investigate Commission-Identified Issuer ). The amendments require that Commission-Identified Issuer to submit documentation to the SEC establishing that, if true, it is not owned or controlled by a governmental entity in the public accounting firm s foreign jurisdiction. The amendments also require that a Commission-Identified Issuer that is a foreign issuer, provide certain additional disclosures in its annual report for itself and any of its consolidated foreign operating entities. On December 29, 2022, the U.S. President signed the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2023, which, among other things, amended the HFCAA to shorten the three consecutive year compliance period under the HFCAA to two consecutive years and, as a result, reduce the time before the potential trading prohibition against or delisting of the issuer s securities is triggered. On March 24, 2021, the SEC adopted interim final rules relating to the implementation of certain disclosure and documentation requirements of the HFCAA. On June 22, 2021, the U.S. Senate passed a bill, the Accelerating Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act which, if passed by the U.S. House of Representatives and signed into law, would reduce the number of consecutive non-inspection years required for triggering the prohibitions under the HFCAA from three years to two, thus reducing the time period before such securities may be prohibited from trading or be delisted. On November 5, 2021, the SEC approved the PCAOB s Rule 6100, Board Determinations Under the Holding Foreign Companies Accountable Act. Rule 6100 provides a framework for the PCAOB to use when determining, as contemplated under the HFCAA, whether it is unable to inspect or investigate completely registered public accounting firms located in a foreign jurisdiction because of a position taken by one or more authorities in that jurisdiction. Our current auditor, Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, is an independent registered public accounting firm headquartered in the United States. As auditors of companies that are traded publicly in the United States and a firm registered with the PCAOB, Marcum Asia CPAs LLP is subject to laws in the United States pursuant to which the PCAOB conducts regular inspections to address its compliance with the applicable professional standards. If for whatever reason the PCAOB is unable to conduct full inspection or investigation of our or the combined company s auditors after the completion of our initial Business Combination, such uncertainty could cause the market price of our or the combined company s shares to be materially and adversely affected, and our securities could be delisted or prohibited from being traded over-the-counter. If our or the combined company s securities were unable to be listed on another securities exchange by then, such a delisting and prohibition would substantially impair your ability to sell or purchase our or the combined company s securities when you wish to do so, and the risk and uncertainty associated with a potential delisting and prohibition would have a negative impact on the price of our or the combined company s securities. Also, such delisting and prohibition could significantly affect our or the combined company s ability to raise capital on acceptable terms, or at all, which would have a material adverse effect on the Company s or the combined company s business, financial condition and prospects. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 Inspections of other firms that the PCAOB has conducted have identified deficiencies in those firms audit procedures and quality control procedures, which may be addressed as part of the inspection process to improve future audit quality. If for whatever reason the PCAOB is unable to conduct full inspection or investigation of our or the combined company s auditors after the completion of our initial Business Combination, we or the combined company and our investors would be deprived of the benefits of such PCAOB inspections. In addition, the inability of the PCAOB to conduct full inspections of our or the combined company s auditors would make it more difficult to evaluate the effectiveness of our or the combined company s independent registered public accounting firms audit procedures or quality control procedures as compared to auditors that are subject to the PCAOB inspections, which could cause investors and potential investors in our or the combined company s securities to lose confidence in our or the combined company s audit procedures and reported financial information and the quality of our or the combined company s financial statements. If our management following our initial Business Combination is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws, which could lead to various regulatory issues. Following our initial Business Combination, our management may resign from their positions as officers or directors of the Company and the management of the target business at the time of the Business Combination will remain in place. Management of the target business may not be familiar with United States securities laws. If new management is unfamiliar with United States securities laws, they may have to expend time and resources becoming familiar with such laws. This could be expensive and time-consuming and could lead to various regulatory issues which may adversely affect our operations. Corporate governance standards in foreign countries may not be as strict or developed as in the United States and such weakness may hide issues and operational practices that are detrimental to a target business. General corporate governance standards in some countries are weaker than those in the United States. This could result in unfavorable related party transactions, over-leveraging, improper accounting, family company interconnectivity and poor management. Local laws often do not go far enough to prevent improper business practices. Therefore, shareholders may not be treated impartially and equally as a result of poor management practices, asset shifting, conglomerate structures that result in preferential treatment to some parts of the overall company, and cronyism. The lack of transparency and ambiguity in the regulatory process also may result in inadequate credit evaluation and weakness that may precipitate or encourage financial crisis. In our evaluation of a Business Combination we will have to evaluate the corporate governance of a target and the business environment, and in accordance with United States laws for reporting companies take steps to implement practices that will cause compliance with all applicable rules and accounting practices. Notwithstanding these intended efforts, there may be endemic practices and local laws that could add risk to an investment we ultimately make and that result in an adverse effect on our operations and financial results. After our initial Business Combination, substantially all of our assets may be located in a foreign country and substantially all of our revenue will be derived from our operations in such country. Accordingly, our results of operations and prospects will be subject, to a significant extent, to the economic, political and legal policies, developments and conditions in the country in which we operate. The economic, political and social conditions, as well as government policies, of the country in which our operations are located could affect our business. Economic growth could be uneven, both geographically and among various sectors of the economy and such growth may not be sustained in the future. If in the future such country s economy experiences a downturn or grows at a slower rate than expected, there may be less demand for spending in certain industries. A decrease in demand for spending in certain industries could materially and adversely affect our ability to find an attractive target business with which to consummate our initial Business Combination and if we effect our initial Business Combination, the ability of that target business to become profitable. If the government of the country in which we effect our initial Business Combination finds that the agreements we entered into to acquire control of a target business through contractual arrangements with one or more operating businesses do not comply with local governmental restrictions on foreign investment, or if these regulations or the interpretation of existing regulations change in the future, we could be subject to significant penalties or be forced to relinquish our interests in those operations. Some foreign countries currently prohibit and/or restrict foreign ownership in certain important industries, including telecommunications, food production and heavy equipment. There are uncertainties under certain regulations whether obtaining a majority interest through contractual arrangements will comply with regulations prohibiting or restricting foreign ownership in certain industries. In addition, there can be restrictions on the foreign ownership of businesses that are determined from time to time to be in important industries that may affect the national economic security or those having famous brand names or well-established brand names. 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 If we or any of our potential future target businesses are found to be in violation of any existing or future local laws or regulations (for example, if we are deemed to be holding equity interests in certain of our affiliated entities in which direct foreign ownership is prohibited), the relevant regulatory authorities might have the discretion to: revoke the business and operating licenses of the potential future target business; confiscate relevant income and impose fines and other penalties; discontinue or restrict the operations of the potential future target business; require us or the potential future target business to restructure the relevant ownership structure or operations; restrict or prohibit our use of the proceeds of the IPO to finance our businesses and operations in the relevant jurisdiction; or impose conditions or requirements with which we or the potential future target business may not be able to comply. 
 Many international economies are experiencing volatile economic conditions, exchange rates and inflation which may prompt the governments to take action to manage the economy, exchange rates and/or inflation that could lead to a significant decrease in our profitability following our initial business combination. While many of the foreign economies, particularly in Asia, have experienced rapid growth over the last two decades, they have also experienced inflationary pressures. Economic and exchange rate volatility has also been impacted by COVD-19 and the military conflict between Russia and Ukraine, among other things. As governments take steps to address inflationary pressures, there may be significant changes in the availability of bank credits, interest rates, limitations on loans, restrictions on currency conversions and foreign investment. There also may be imposition of price controls. If prices for the products of our ultimate target business rise at a rate that is insufficient to compensate for the rise in the costs of supplies, it may have an adverse effect on our profitability. If these or other similar restrictions are imposed by a government to influence the economy, it may lead to a slowing of economic growth. Because we are not limited to any specific industry, the ultimate industry that we operate in may be affected more severely by such a slowing of economic growth. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to be diminished. In the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency. The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness of any target business or, following consummation of our initial Business Combination, our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able to consummate such transaction. We may reincorporate in another jurisdiction in connection with our initial Business Combination, and the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements and we may not be able to enforce our legal rights. In connection with our initial Business Combination, we may relocate the home jurisdiction of our business from the Cayman Islands to another jurisdiction. If we determine to do this, the laws of such jurisdiction may govern some or all of our future material agreements. The system of laws and the enforcement of existing laws in such jurisdiction may not be as certain in implementation and interpretation as in the United States. The inability to enforce or obtain a remedy under any of our future agreements could result in a significant loss of business, business opportunities or capital. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 We are subject to changing law and regulations regarding regulatory matters, corporate governance and public disclosure that have increased both our costs and the risk of non-compliance. We are subject to rules and regulations by various governing bodies, including, for example, the SEC, which are charged with the protection of investors and the oversight of companies whose securities are publicly traded, and to new and evolving regulatory measures under applicable law. Our efforts to comply with new and changing laws and regulations have resulted in and are likely to continue to result in, increased general and administrative expenses and a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities to compliance activities. Moreover, because these laws, regulations and standards are subject to varying interpretations, their application in practice may evolve over time as new guidance becomes available. This evolution may result in continuing uncertainty regarding compliance matters and additional costs necessitated by ongoing revisions to our disclosure and governance practices. If we fail to address and comply with these regulations and any subsequent changes, we may be subject to penalty and our business may be harmed. We employ a mail forwarding service, which may delay or disrupt our ability to receive mail in a timely manner. Mail addressed to the Company and received at its registered office will be forwarded unopened to the forwarding address supplied by Company to be dealt with. None of the Company, its directors, officers, advisors or service providers (including the organization which provides registered office services in the Cayman Islands) will bear any responsibility for any delay howsoever caused in mail reaching the forwarding address, which may impair your ability to communicate with us. ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. None. ITEM 2. PROPERTIES. We currently lease executive offices at 38 Beach Road #29-11, South Beach Tower, Singapore, pursuant to the services agreement between us and our Sponsor. We pay our Sponsor 15,000 per month for office space, utilities, and secretarial and administrative services provided to us. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS. As of December 31, 2022, to the knowledge of our management, there was no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding pending against us or any members of our management team in their capacity as such, and we and the members of our management team have not been subject to any such proceeding. ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES. Not applicable. 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 PART II ITEM 5. MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. Market Information Our Units, Class A Ordinary Shares and Public Warrants are listed on the Nasdaq under the symbols CHEAU, CHEA, and CHEAW, respectively. Our Units commenced public trading on April 28, 2022, and our Class A Ordinary Shares and Public Warrants commenced separate public trading on June 23, 2022. Our Class B ordinary shares are not listed on any exchange. Holders As of December 31, 2022, there were one holder of record of our Units, one holders of record of our Class A Ordinary Shares, six holders of record of our Class B ordinary shares and two holders of record of our Public Warrants. The number of holders of record does not include a substantially greater number of street name holders or beneficial holders whose units, Class A Ordinary Shares and Public Warrants are held of record by banks, brokers and other financial institutions. Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities; Use of Proceeds from Registered Offerings Unregistered Sales The sales of the Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants to our Sponsor and our initial shareholders were deemed to be exempt from registration under the Securities Act, in reliance on Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act as transactions by an issuer not involving a public offering. Use of Proceeds On May 2, 2022, we consummated our IPO of 11,500,000 Units, including the issuance of 1,500,000 Units as a result of the underwriters exercise of their over-allotment option in full. Each Unit consists one Class A Ordinary Share and one-half of one redeemable warrant, with each whole warrant entitling the holder thereof to purchase one Class A Ordinary Share for 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. The Units were sold at a price of 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds to us of 11,500,000. Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, EarlyBirdCapital, Inc. and Revere Securities LLC served as underwriters of the IPO. The securities sold in the IPO were registered under the Securities Act on a registration statement on Form S-1 (File No. 333-264061) (as amended). The SEC declared the registration statement effective on April 27, 2022. Following the closing of the IPO and the private placement, 118,450,000 was placed in the trust account, comprised of the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of Private Placement Warrants (including 4,025,000 of the underwriters deferred discount). We paid 2,300,000 in underwriting discounts and recorded approximately 1,300,000 for other costs and expenses related to the IPO. There has been no material change in the planned use of proceeds from the IPO as described in the prospectus dated April 27, 2022 which was filed with the SEC. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with our audited financial statements and the notes thereto which are included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. Certain information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties. Our actual results may differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements as a result of many factors, including those set forth under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-looking Statements, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 Overview We are a blank check company incorporated on April 8, 2021 as a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or other similar Business Combination with one or more businesses. We intend to effectuate our Business Combination using cash derived from the proceeds of the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, our shares, debt or a combination of cash, shares and debt. We expect to continue to incur significant costs in the pursuit of our acquisition plans. We cannot assure you that our plans to complete a Business Combination will be successful. Results of Operations We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any revenues to date. Our only activities from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2022 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for the IPO, described below, and identifying a target company for a Business Combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until after the completion of our Business Combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of interest income on investments held in the trust account. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal, financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as for due diligence expenses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had a net income of 982,840, which consists of interest income on investments held in the trust account of 1,632,704, offset by operating and formation costs of 649,864. For the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had a net loss of 12,475, which consists of operating and formation costs. Liquidity, Capital Resources and Going Concern On May 2, 2022, we consummated the IPO of 11,500,000 Units, which includes the full exercise by the underwriters of their over-allotment option in the amount of 1,500,000 Units, at a purchase price of 10.00 per Unit, generating total gross proceeds of 115,000,000. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, we consummated the sale of an aggregate of 7,750,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant in private placements to our Sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,750,000. Following the IPO and the Private Placement, a total of 118,450,000 10.30 per Unit) was placed in the trust account. We incurred transaction costs of 7,208,947, consisting of 2,300,000 of underwriting fees, and 4,025,000 of deferred underwriting fees and 883,947 of other offering costs. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cash used in operating activities was 525,098. Net income of 982,840 was affected by interest earned on investments held in the trust account of 1,632,704. Changes in operating assets and liabilities provided 124,766 of cash for operating activities. For the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we do not have cash used in operating activities. As of December 31, 2022, we had investments held in the trust account of 120,082,704 consisting of U.S. Treasury Bills with a maturity of 185 days or less. We may withdraw interest from the trust account to pay taxes, if any. We intend to use substantially all of the funds held in the trust account, including any amounts representing interest earned on the trust account (less deferred underwriting commissions and income taxes payable), to complete our Business Combination. To the extent that our share capital or debt is used, in whole or in part, as consideration to complete our Business Combination, the remaining proceeds held in the trust account will be used as working capital to finance the operations of the target business or businesses, make other acquisitions and pursue our growth strategies. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash of 640,833. We intend to use the funds held outside the trust account primarily to identify and evaluate target businesses, perform business due diligence on prospective target businesses, travel to and from the offices, plants or similar locations of prospective target businesses or their representatives or owners, review corporate documents and material agreements of prospective target businesses, structure, negotiate and complete a Business Combination, and to pay for directors and officers liability insurance premiums. In order to finance working capital deficit or to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes its initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to 1,500,000 of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. Prior to the completion of the IPO, we lacked the liquidity we needed to sustain operations for a reasonable period of time, which is considered to be one year from the issuance date of the financial statements. We have since completed our IPO at which time capital in excess of the funds deposited in the trust account and/or used to fund offering expenses was released to us for general working capital purposes. Accordingly, management has since reevaluated our liquidity and financial condition and determined that sufficient capital exists to sustain operations one year from the date these financial statements are issued and therefore substantial doubt has been alleviated. Based on above, we do not believe we will need to raise additional funds in order to meet the expenditures required for operating our business. However, if our estimate of the costs of identifying a target business, undertaking in-depth due diligence and negotiating a Business Combination are less than the actual amount necessary to do so, we may have insufficient funds available to operate our business prior to our initial Business Combination. Moreover, we may need to obtain additional financing either to complete our Business Combination or because we become obligated to redeem a significant number of our public shares upon completion of our Business Combination, in which case we may issue additional securities or incur debt in connection with such Business Combination. In addition, in connection with our assessment of going concern considerations in accordance with Financial Accounting Standard Board s Accounting Standards Update ASU 2014-15, Disclosures of Uncertainties about an Entity s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern, we have until August 1, 2023 (absent of any extension as described above) to consummate the initial Business Combination. We intend to complete the initial Business Combination before the mandatory liquidation date. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to consummate any Business Combination by August 1, 2023. Management has determined that the mandatory liquidation, should a Business Combination not occur, and potential subsequent dissolution, raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. No adjustments have been made to the carrying amounts of assets or liabilities should we be required to liquidate after August 1, 2023 (absent of any extension as described above). Off-Balance Sheet Financing Arrangements We have no obligations, assets or liabilities, which would be considered off-balance sheet arrangements as of December 31, 2022. We do not participate in transactions that create relationships with unconsolidated entities or financial partnerships, often referred to as variable interest entities, which would have been established for the purpose of facilitating off-balance sheet arrangements. We have not entered into any off-balance sheet financing arrangements, established any special purpose entities, guaranteed any debt or commitments of other entities, or purchased any non-financial assets. Contractual Obligations We do not have any long-term debt, capital lease obligations, operating lease obligations or long-term liabilities, other than an agreement to pay our Sponsor a sum of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative services provided to members of our management team. We have incurred these fees since April 27, 2022 and will continue to incur these fees monthly until the earlier of the completion of the Business Combination and our liquidation. The underwriters are entitled to a deferred fee of 0.35 per Unit, or 4,025,000 in the aggregate. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the trust account solely in the event that we complete a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 Critical Accounting Policies The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting policies: Class A Ordinary Shares Subject to Possible Redemption We account for our Class A Ordinary Shares subject to possible redemption in accordance with the guidance in ASC 480. Ordinary shares subject to mandatory redemption are classified as a liability instrument and are measured at fair value. Conditionally redeemable ordinary shares (including ordinary shares that feature redemption rights that are either within the control of the holder or subject to redemption upon the occurrence of uncertain events not solely within our control) are classified as temporary equity. At all other times, ordinary shares are classified as shareholders equity. Our Class A Ordinary Shares feature certain redemption rights that are considered to be outside of our control and subject to occurrence of uncertain future events. Accordingly, Class A Ordinary Share subject to possible redemption is presented as temporary equity, outside of the Shareholders (deficit) equity section of our balance sheets. Offering Costs associated with the Initial Public Offering We comply with the requirements of ASC 340-10-S99-1, SEC Staff Accounting bulletin Topic 5A Expenses of Offering , and SEC Staff Accounting bulletin Topic 5T Accounting for Expenses or Liabilities Paid by Principal Stockholder(s) . Offering costs consist principally of professional and registration fees incurred through the balance sheet date that are related to the IPO. Offering costs directly attributable to the issuance of an equity contract to be classified in equity are recorded as a reduction of equity. Offering costs for equity contracts that are classified as assets and liabilities are expensed immediately. We incurred offering costs amounting to 7,208,947 as a result of the IPO (consisting of 2,300,000 of underwriting fees, 4,025,000 of deferred underwriting fees, and 883,947 of other offering costs). Net Income (Loss) per Share Net income (loss) per share is computed by dividing net income (loss) by the weighted average number of ordinary shares outstanding during the period, excluding ordinary shares subject to forfeiture. The number of weighted average shares for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 was reduced for the effect of an aggregate of 375,000 ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters. On May 2, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option, hence, 375,000 Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, we did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into ordinary shares and then share in our earnings. As a result, diluted income (loss) per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented. Recent Accounting Standards In August 2020, the Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging Contracts in Entity s Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40) ASU 2020-06 to simplify accounting for certain financial instruments. ASU 2020-06 eliminates the current models that require separation of beneficial conversion and cash conversion features from convertible instruments and simplifies the derivative scope exception guidance pertaining to equity classification of contracts in an entity s own equity. The new standard also introduces additional disclosures for convertible debt and freestanding instruments that are indexed to and settled in an entity s own equity. ASU 2020-06 amends the diluted earnings per share guidance, including the requirement to use the if-converted method for all convertible instruments. ASU 2020-06 is effective January 1, 2024 and should be applied on a full or modified retrospective basis, with early adoption permitted beginning on January 1, 2021. We are currently assessing the impact, if any, that ASU 2020-06 would have on our financial position, results of operations or cash flows. Management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently adopted, would have a material effect on our financial statements. 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK. We are a smaller reporting company as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and are not required to provide the information otherwise required under this item. ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMTARY DATE. This information appears following Item 15 of this report and is included herein by reference. ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE. None. ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES. Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in our Exchange Act reports is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of the end of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act. Based on this evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial and accounting officer have concluded that during the period covered by this report, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level and, accordingly, provided reasonable assurance that the information required to be disclosed by us in reports filed under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION. None. ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS. Not applicable. 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 PART III ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. Directors and Executive Officers Our officers and director are as follows: 

Name Age Position Richard Qi Li 53 Chairman of the board and director Shibin Wang 46 Chief executive officer and director Anna Zhou 36 Chief financial officer Kwan Sun 59 Independent director Robert Ewing 54 Independent director Ning Ma 50 Independent director Richard Qi Li , aged 53, the chairman of our board, has more than two decades of experience in the financial service industry. Until February 2021, Mr. Li had been, from 2017, the chief investment officer and, from 2019, the chief operating officer of China Great Wall AMC (International) Holdings Company Limited and, from 2018, the chief executive officer of Great Wall Pan Asia Asset Management Ltd., both subsidiaries of China Great Wall Asset Management Co. Ltd., a leading asset management company based in China. Mr. Li was previously a managing director and the head of China securities at Goldman Sachs Asia, and a managing director and the head of north Asia capital markets and treasury solutions at Deutsche Bank Hong Kong. Prior to joining Deutsche Bank, Mr. Li worked at Merrill Lynch, the World Bank, and the Ministry of Finance of the PRC. Mr. Li also serves as the chief executive officer and director of HH L Acquisition Co., an NYSE-listed blank check company formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, share exchange, asset acquisition, share purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses. Mr. Li is the chairman of Chenghe Group Limited, a BVI registered investment holding company, the founder and a director of the board of Chenghe Capital Management Limited, an asset management company based in Hong Kong, the founder and a director of the board of Chenghe Investment Private Ltd, asset management company based in Singapore and limited partner of Chenghe Capital Limited Partnership. Mr. Li has worked with or advised many financial institutions in Greater China on capital markets activities, sales and trading of fixed income products and structured equities, investment, risk management, and/or building up trading or asset management platforms. His clients or counterparts have included leading sovereign wealth funds (State Administration of Foreign Exchange and China Investment Corporation), large banks (Bank of China, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agricultural Bank of China, China Construction Bank and China Merchants Bank), insurers (China Life, PICC, Ping An Insurance) and asset managers (National Social Security Fund, China Asset Management and Harvest Fund). Mr. Li also advised Shanghai Pudong Development Bank in connection with the formation of a business alliance and the establishment of a credit card joint venture with Citibank in 2002. In addition, Mr. Li s experience includes investment in Meituan Dianping, one of China s top-tier e-commerce companies, We Doctor Holdings Limited, one of China s top-tier online healthcare companies, Biotest AG, a Germany-based blood plasma products marker, and Bio Products Laboratory Ltd., a UK-based plasma biotherapeutics company. He has also been involved, as either an investor or an advisor, in investments in the consumer, energy and real estate sectors in Asia and globally. Mr. Li also has experience leading several significant capital raising transactions. Mr. Li obtained a bachelor s degree in mathematics and a master s degree in economics from Nankai University in China and a master of business administration from Columbia Business School. He was also a visiting scholar at Harvard University in 2019. Dr. Shibin Wang , aged 46, is our chief executive officer and as a member of our board of directors, has over 15 years experience in sales and trading of structured financial products, cross-border financing and other capital market activities. Over such period, his clients or counterparts have included major banks (China Development Bank, Industrial and Commercial Bank of China, Agriculture Bank of China and China Construction Bank), leading organizations (China National Offshore Oil Corporation and GCL-Poly Energy) and leading private equity firms (Hillhouse Capital and Greenwoods Asset Management). Dr. Wang was an executive director and head of China structure solutions at Deutsche Bank Hong Kong from 2010 to 2015. Prior to that, he worked at FICC Goldman Sachs from 2008 to 2010 and at China Development Bank managing a fixed-income portfolio from 2003 to 2008. Since April 2019, Dr. Wang has served as a co-founder and the chief executive officer of Hong Kong Digital Asset Ex Ltd. (or HKbitEX ), a regulated digital asset exchange in Hong Kong dedicated to providing a regulatory-compliant and safe digital asset spot 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 trading and over-the-counter trading services to professional investors in Asia. Under Dr. Wang s leadership, the company was among the first organizations in Asia-Pacific to apply for a virtual asset trading platform licence from the Securities and Futures Commission in Hong Kong, and was recognized as one of China s top 50 fintech companies in the 2020 KPMG China Fintech 50. In 2018, Dr. Wang advised the Intelligent Investment Chain Foundation on funding and ecosystem development. The Intelligent Investment Chain Foundation is a decentralized virtual asset management application developed based on Ethereum smart contracts with an ecology including quantitative funds, cross-chain wealth management wallets and media. Dr. Wang s served Oriental Patron Financial Group as chief marketing officer from 2016 to 2018, during which he led the company s blockchain initiatives and fintech investments. Under Dr. Wang s leadership, Oriental Patron made investments in DIDI Chuxing and CarbonX, organized a number of forums with leading institutions as well as established the Renminbi-denominated Fintech/Internet Plus fund, with Renminbi 3 billion of assets under management, in collaboration with Magnetic Capital in Shanghai. Dr. Wang is also shareholder of SECUSOFT Tech, Jiedaibao and ZhongYou International Education. Dr. Wang obtained a bachelor s degree in international trading from Dongbei University of Finance Economics, as well as a master of economics degree and a Ph.D, both from the Finance Institute of the People s Bank of China. Anna Zhou, aged 36, our chief financial officer, has considerable experience in equity research and finance. Ms. Zhou focused on equity research since beginning her career in 2011 and specialized in the China and US Technology, Media, and Telecom TMT sector including smartphones, digital consumer products, internet services and emerging platform economies. She has been working on in-depth research and rigorous valuation studies in various sectors. She was a senior associate at Mighty Divine Investment Management Limited from 2019 to 2021, the research associate of the long-only portfolio of China Great Wall AMC (International) Holdings Company Limited from 2017 to 2019 and the QDII fund of Anbang Asset Management (Hong Kong) Co. Limited from 2016 to 2017. She also spent two years in BOCOM International as a data analyst in its market strategy team from 2014 to 2016, publishing weekly notes on China s commodity sector. Ms. Zhou has been involved in investments in Futu Holdings Ltd., Meituan Dianping, Bilibili Inc. and Pingduoduo Inc. when she worked as an equity analyst at Mighty Divine Investment Management Limited, and investments in Sunny Optical Technology (Group) Company Limited when she worked as an equity analyst at China Great Wall AMC (International) Holdings Company Limited. Ms. Zhou received a bachelor s degree in mathematics, information and application from Universit Paris 5 and a master s degree in financial mathematics and statistics from The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology. Kwan Sun , aged 59, has served as an independent director of our company since April 2022. Mr. Sun founded Millburn Advisory LLC, a real estate fund manager, in 2018 and has served as its managing partner since then. From 2015 to 2018, Mr. Sun served as the vice chairman of Nan Fung Group s US businesses to help develop Nan Fung Group s US real estate business. Mr. Sun served as a director at Deutsche Bank in structured products department from 1997 to 2003, and as a director at Morgan Stanley in structured products department from 2003 to 2007. Thereafter, Mr. Sun served as a managing director at Deutsche Bank in structured products department from 2007 to 2009 and as a managing director at Morgan Stanley in the investment banking department from 2009 to 2014. Prior to joining Deutsche Bank in 1997, he served as a vice president the capital markets department of Merrill Lynch, where he focused on trading fix income derivatives. He joined Merrill Lynch in 1992. Mr. Sun graduated with a bachelor s degree from Ohio State University. Robert Ewing , aged 54, has served as an independent director of our company since April 2022. Mr. Ewing has served as a strategic consultant to the chief executive officer at Diametric Capital, an innovative start-up hedge fund in Boston, since 2017. Prior to such role at Diametric Capital, Mr. Ewing served as head of US equities and as a portfolio manager for Putnam Investments, an investment manager in Boston, from 2008 to 2016, where he was responsible for all aspects of the investment management operations. Mr. Ewing was also responsible for managing Putnam Investments flagship fund, The Putnam Fund For Growth and Income. At Putnam Investments, Mr. Ewing was responsible for personnel, compensation, product and performance and was a member of its operating committee. Mr. Ewing was also one of the members of Putnam Investments risk committees with responsibilities for risk across all asset classes and investments. Additionally, Mr. Ewing chaired the proxy and governance committee of Putnam Investments, where, among other things, he was responsible for proxy votes and trustee interaction. 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Prior to joining Putnam Investments, Mr. Ewing was a founder and co-head of the Boston office of RiverSource Investments from 2002 to 2008. He was responsible for all aspects of operations from product and strategy to process and performance and also managed the equity portion of the RiverSource Balanced Fund. Mr. Ewing started his full-time career as an analyst at Fidelity Investments in 1990 and served as a portfolio manager from 1996 to 2002 at Fidelity Investments. In recognition of his performance, he was awarded a Best-In-Class designation by Mutual Funds Magazine in 2001 and 2002. Mr. Ewing has served as a director of The Fenn School, a non-profit organization in Concord, Massachusetts. At The Fenn School, Mr. Ewing has served as Chair of the Committee on Trustees with responsibilities for board governance and nominations and as a member of the Executive Committee from 2011 to 2018. Mr. Ewing received a bachelor s degree from the Honors Program of Boston College Carroll School of Management. Ning Ma , aged 50, has served as an independent director of our company since April 2022. In 2015, Mr. Ma founded Lingfeng Capital Partners, Limited Lingfeng ), a private equity firm focusing on investing in fintech companies in Asia, in sub-sectors such as artificial intelligence, blockchain, cloud, big data, lending technology, insurance technology, health care services, investment technology, payment and credit rating, and digital assets. Mr. Ma has served as a partner at Lingfeng since 2015. Prior to founding Lingfeng, Mr. Ma worked at Goldman Sachs (Asia) L.L.C. Goldman Sachs for thirteen years from 2002 to 2015 where, among other roles, he served as co-head of the Asia Pacific Financial Institutions Equity Research. He was also a member of the Goldman Sachs China Operating Committee and a member of the Asia Pacific Client and Business Standards Committee. He held various positions with Beijing Gao Hua Securities Company Limited and served as the deputy general manager and managing director from 2010 to 2015. Prior to Goldman Sachs, Mr. Ma was a regulator at the headquarters of the People s Bank of China from 1996 to 2000, where he was actively involved in the regulation, financial reform and policy-making relating to foreign banks and non-bank financial institutions including trust companies, asset management companies, finance companies and leasing companies in China. Mr. Ma currently serves as an independent director for several financial institutions in Asia including Ant Consumer Finance Company and BOCOM International. He has been teaching at Tsinghua University PBC School of Finance since 2010. Mr. Ma received a bachelor s degree from Renmin University of China, a master s degree in business administration from London Business School and a master s degree in international finance from Tsinghua University PBC School of Finance. Number and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors Our board of directors consists of five members and is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being appointed in each year, and with each class (except for those directors appointed prior to our first annual general meeting) serving a three-year term. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. The term of office of the first class of directors, consisting of Kwan Sun, will expire at our first annual general meeting. The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Robert Ewing and Ning Ma, will expire at the second annual meeting of shareholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Richard Qi Li and Shibin Wang, will expire at the third annual general meeting. Our officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint officers as it deems appropriate pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Director Independence The rules of the Nasdaq require that a majority of our board of directors be independent within one year of our IPO. An independent director is defined generally as a person who, in the opinion of the Company s board of directors, has no material relationship with the listed company (either directly or as a partner, shareholder or officer of an organization that has a relationship with the Company). Our board of directors has determined that each of Kwan Sun, Ning Ma and Robert Ewing is an independent director as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Board Committees Our board of directors has three standing committees: an audit committee, a compensation committee and a nominating and corporate governance committee. Both our audit committee and our compensation committee are composed solely of independent directors. Subject to phase-in rules, the rules of Nasdaq and Rule 10A-3 of the Exchange Act require that the audit committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors, and the rules of Nasdaq require that the compensation committee and the nominating and corporate governance committee of a listed company be comprised solely of independent directors. Each committee operates under a charter that is approved by our board and has the composition and responsibilities described below. The charter of each committee is available on our website. Audit Committee Kwan Sun, Ning Ma and Robert Ewing serve as members, and Ning Ma serves as the chairman, of the audit committee. Each of Kwan Sun, Ning Ma and Robert Ewing is independent of and unaffiliated with our Sponsor and our underwriters. Under the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable SEC rules, all the directors on the audit committee must be independent. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board of directors has determined that Robert Ewing qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable SEC rules and has accounting or related financial management expertise. We have adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: assisting board oversight of (1) the integrity of our financial statements, (2) our compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, (3) our independent registered public accounting firm s qualifications and independence, and (4) the performance of our internal audit function and independent auditors; the appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; pre-approving all audit and non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval policies and procedures; reviewing and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with us in order to evaluate their continued independence; setting clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; obtaining and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent registered public accounting firm describing (1) the independent auditors internal quality-control procedures and (2) any material issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities, within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; meeting to review and discuss our annual audited financial statements and quarterly financial statements with management and the independent auditors, including reviewing our specific disclosures under Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations reviewing and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction; and reviewing with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

 61 

Table of Contents 
 Compensation Committee Kwan Sun, Ning Ma and Robert Ewing serve as members, and Ning Ma serves as the chairman, of the compensation committee. Each of Kwan Sun, Ning Ma and Robert Ewing is independent of and unaffiliated with our Sponsor and our underwriters. We have adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: reviewing and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our chief executive officer s compensation, evaluating our chief executive officer s performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration (if any) of our chief executive officer s based on such evaluation; reviewing and making recommendations to our board of directors with respect to the compensation, and any incentive compensation and equity based plans that are subject to board approval of all of our other officers; reviewing our executive compensation policies and plans; implementing and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; assisting management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; approving all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit arrangements for our officers and employees; producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy statement; and reviewing, evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, as indicated above, other than the payment to our Sponsor of 15,000 per month, for up to 24 months, for office space, utilities and secretarial and administrative services and reimbursement of expenses, no compensation of any kind, including finders, consulting or other similar fees, will be paid to any of our existing shareholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services they render in order to effectuate the consummation of an initial Business Combination . Accordingly, it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial Business Combination . The charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, independent legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee Kwan Sun, Ning Ma and Robert Ewing serve as members, and Ning Ma serves as the chairman, of the nominating and corporate governance committee. Each of Kwan Sun, Ning Ma and Robert Ewing is independent of and unaffiliated with our Sponsor and our underwriters. We have adopted a nominating and corporate governance committee charter, which details the purpose and responsibilities of the nominating and corporate governance committee, including: identifying, screening and reviewing individuals qualified to serve as directors, consistent with criteria approved by the board, and recommending to the board of directors candidates for nomination for election at the annual meeting of shareholders or to fill vacancies on the board of directors; 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 developing and recommending to the board of directors and overseeing implementation of our corporate governance guidelines; coordinating and overseeing the annual self-evaluation of the board of directors, its committees, individual directors and management in the governance of the Company; and reviewing on a regular basis our overall corporate governance and recommending improvements as and when necessary. 
 The charter also provides that the nominating and corporate governance committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of, and terminate, any search firm to be used to identify director candidates, and will be directly responsible for approving the search firm s fees and other retention terms. We have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background, diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and the ability to represent the best interests of our shareholders. Prior to our initial Business Combination, holders of our public shares will not have the right to recommend director candidates for nomination to our board of directors. Code of Business Conduct and Ethics We adopted a Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. A copy of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and the charters of the committees of our board of directors will be provided without charge upon request from us. If we make any amendments to our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics other than technical, administrative or other non-substantive amendments, or grant any waiver, including any implicit waiver, from a provision of the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics applicable to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer principal accounting officer or controller or persons performing similar functions requiring disclosure under applicable SEC or Nasdaq rules, we will disclose the nature of such amendment or waiver on our website. The information included on our website is not incorporated by reference into this Annual Report or in any other report or document we file with the SEC, and any references to our website are intended to be inactive textual references only. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION. None of our officers or directors have received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. Commencing on the date that our securities were first listed on Nasdaq through the earlier of consummation of our initial Business Combination and our liquidation, we pay our Sponsor 15,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services provided to us. In addition, our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable Business Combinations. Our audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were made to our Sponsor, officers or directors, or our or their affiliates. Any such payments prior to an initial Business Combination will be made from funds held outside the trust account. Other than quarterly audit committee review of such reimbursements, we do not expect to have any additional controls in place governing our reimbursement payments to our directors and officers for their out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with our activities on our behalf in connection with identifying and consummating an initial Business Combination. Other than these payments and reimbursements, no compensation of any kind, including finder s and consulting fees, will be paid by the Company to our Sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates, prior to completion of our initial Business Combination. After the completion of our initial Business Combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to shareholders, to the extent then known, in the proxy solicitation materials or tender offer materials furnished to our shareholders in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed initial Business Combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination, either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of the independent directors on our board of directors. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 We do not intend to take any action to ensure that members of our management team maintain their positions with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination, although it is possible that some or all of our officers and directors may negotiate employment or consulting arrangements to remain with us after our initial Business Combination. The existence or terms of any such employment or consulting arrangements to retain their positions with us may influence our management s motivation in identifying or selecting a target business but we do not believe that the ability of our management to remain with us after the consummation of our initial Business Combination will be a determining factor in our decision to proceed with any potential Business Combination. We are not party to any agreements with our officers and directors that provide for benefits upon termination of employment. ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED SHAREHOLDER MATTERS. The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of our ordinary shares as of March 29, 2023, by: each person known by us to be a beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding ordinary shares of, on an as-converted basis; each of our officers and directors; and all of our officers and directors as a group. 
 The following table is based on 14,375,000 ordinary shares outstanding at March 29, 2023, of which 11,500,000 were Class A Ordinary Shares and 2,875,000 were Class B ordinary shares . Unless otherwise indicated, it is believed that all persons named in the table below have sole voting and investment power with respect to all ordinary shares beneficially owned by them. We have no compensation plans under which equity securities are authorized for issuance. 

Number of Percentage Number of Percentage Class A of Class B of Ordinary Outstanding Ordinary Outstanding Shares Class A Shares Class B Beneficially Ordinary Beneficially Ordinary Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (l) Owned Shares Owned (2) Shares Richard Qi Li (3) 2,697,561 93.8 Shibin Wang Anna Zhou Kwan Sun 22,000 Ning Ma 22,000 Robert Ewing 22,000 All officers and directors as a group (six individuals) 2,757,561 95.9 Greater than 5 Holders: Chenghe Investment Co. (3) 2,697,561 93.8 Saba Capital Management, L.P.; Boaz R. Weinstein; Saba Capital Management GP, LLC (4) 629,550 5.47 Adage Capital Partners, L.P.; Adage Capital Partners GP, L.L.C.; Adage Capital Advisors, L.L.C.; Robert Atchinson; Phillip Gross (5) 900,000 7.8 Bank of Montreal; Bank of Montreal, New York Branch (6) 664,889 5.8 Calamos Market Neutral Income Fund, a series of Calamos Investment Trust (7) 700,000 6.1 Polar Asset Management Partners Inc. (8) 750,000 6.5 Shaolin Capital Management LLC (9) 673,350 5.86 

 Less than 1 (1) Unless otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 38 Beach Road, #29-11, South Beach Tower Singapore 189767. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 (2) Interests shown consist solely of Founder Shares, classified as Class B ordinary shares. Such shares will automatically convert into Class A Ordinary Shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. (3) Chenghe Investment Co., our Sponsor, is the record holder of such shares. Chenghe Group Limited, a British Virgin Islands incorporated company, is the sole member and the manager of our Sponsor. Mr. Richard Qi Li, who holds 100 of the voting securities of Chenghe Group Limited, may be entitled distributions of the founder shares and has voting and investment discretion with respect to the ordinary shares held by Chenghe Group Limited through held of record by Chenghe Investment Co. Mr. Richard Qi Li disclaims beneficial ownership over any securities owned by our Sponsor other than to the extent of any pecuniary interest he may have therein, directly or indirectly. (4) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G/A filed by such persons as a group with the SEC on February 14, 2023, each of these shareholders may be deemed the beneficial owner of 629,550 Class A Ordinary Shares, as a result of holding directly or indirectly, 629,550 Class A Ordinary Shares, with shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to such Class A Ordinary Shares. The business address for each of these shareholders is 405 Lexington Avenue, 58th Floor, New York, New York 10174. (5) Pursuant to a Schedule 13 G filed by such persons as a group with the SEC on May 12, 2022, each of these shareholders may be deemed the beneficial owner of 900,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, as a result of holding directly or indirectly, 900,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, with shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to such Class A Ordinary Shares. The business address for each of these shareholders is 200 Clerandon Street, 52nd Floor, Boston, Massachusetts 02116. (6) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed by such persons as a group with the SEC on February 1, 2023, each of these shareholders may be deemed the beneficial owner of 664,889 Class A Ordinary Shares, as a result of holding directly or indirectly, 664,889 Class A Ordinary Shares, with shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to such Class A Ordinary Shares. The business address for each of these shareholders is 4/F, St. John s Building, 33 Garden Road, Central K3 00000. (7) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed by such persons as a group with the SEC on February 8, 2023, each of these shareholders may be deemed the beneficial owner of 700,000 Class A Ordinary Shares as a result of holding directly or indirectly, 700,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, with shared voting power and shared dispositive power with respect to such Class A Ordinary Shares. The business address for each of these shareholders is 2020 Calamos Court, Naperville, IL 60563. (8) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed by such person with the SEC on February 9, 2023, it is the beneficial owner of 750,000 Class A Ordinary Shares, as a result of acting as investment fund manager who serves as the investment advisor to Polar Multi-Strategy Master Fund holding directly or indirectly 750,000 Class A Ordinary Shares. The business address of this person is 16 York Street, Suite 2900, Toronto, ON, Canada M5J 0E6. (9) Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed by such person with the SEC on February 14, 2023, Shaolin Capital Management LLC is a company incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware, which serves as the investment advisor to Shaolin Capital Partners Master Fund, Ltd., a Cayman Islands exempted company, MAP 214 Segregated Portfolio, a segregated portfolio of MA SPC, DS Liquid DIV RVA SCM LLC and Shaolin Capital Partners SP, a segregated portfolio of PC MAP SPC being managed accounts advised by Shaolin Capital Management LLC. The business address of this person is 230 NW 24th Street, Suite 603, Miami, FL 33127. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE. Founder Shares On April 8, 2021, the Sponsor paid 25,000, or approximately 0.003 per share, to cover certain offering expenses of the Company in exchange for 7,187,500 Class B ordinary shares, par value 0.0001. On June 20, 2021 and on December 28, 2021, respectively, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited to us 1,437,500 Founders Shares for no consideration. On March 29, 2022, the Sponsor further surrendered and forfeited to us 1,437,500 Founder Shares for no consideration. On March 30, 2022, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of 177,439 Founder Shares to our independent directors and advisory board member, for their respective board and advisory services, in each case for no consideration, including 20,000 Founder Shares to each of Kwan Sun, Robert Ewing and Ning Ma, 50,000 Founder Shares to Kenneth Hitchner and 67,439 Founder Shares to Dr. Zhiwei Liu. As of December 31, 2022, the Sponsor holds 2,697,561 Founder Shares. The initial shareholders agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares and any Class A Ordinary Shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination, or (ii) subsequent of our initial Business Combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of the Class A Ordinary Shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, capitalization of shares, share dividends, rights issuances, subdivisions reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial Business Combination, or (y) the date following the completion of our initial Business Combination on 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 which we complete a liquidation, merger, amalgamation, stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our public shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A Ordinary Shares for cash, securities or other property (except with respect to permitted transferees). Any permitted transferees would be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of our initial shareholders with respect to any Founder Shares. Private Placement Warrants Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Sponsor purchased an aggregate of 7,750,000 Private Placement Warrants at a price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant. Each warrant is exercisable to purchase one Class A ordinary share at 11.50 per share. The proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants were added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the trust account. The Sponsor and the Company s officers and directors agreed, subject to limited exceptions, not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Private Placement Warrants until 30 days after the completion of the initial Business Combination. Related Party Loans On April 8, 2021, the Sponsor agreed to loan the Company an aggregate of up to 300,000 to cover for expenses related to the IPO pursuant to a promissory note (the Note ). This loan was non-interest bearing and payable upon the completion of the IPO. As of December 31, 2021 and April 8, 2021, the Company had borrowed 192,479 and 0 under the Note. On May 2, 2022, the Company paid the remaining balance under the Note. In order to finance transaction costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required. If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company will repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds of the trust account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held outside the trust account. In the event that a Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the proceeds held outside the trust account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the trust account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s option, up to 1,500,000 of such Working Capital Loans may be convertible into warrants of the post-Business Combination entity at a price of 1.00 per warrant. The terms of such warrants would be identical to those of the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had no borrowings under the Working Capital Loans. Administrative Support Agreement Commencing the date the Company s securities were first listed on the Nasdaq, the Company agreed to pay the Sponsor a total of 15,000 per month for office space, utilities, secretarial and administrative support services. Upon completion of the Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred 121,548 in fees for these services, and such amount is included in due to Sponsor in the accompanying balance sheets.. For the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company did not incur any fees for these services. Registration Rights The holders of Founder Shares, Private Placement Warrants (and the Class A Ordinary Shares underlying such Private Placement Warrants), and securities that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans, if any, will be entitled to registration rights pursuant to a registration rights agreement signed upon consummation of the IPO. These holders are entitled to certain demand and piggyback registration rights. However, the registration and shareholder rights agreement provides that the Company will not permit any registration statement filed under the Securities Act to become effective until the termination of the applicable lock-up period for the securities to be registered. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. ITEM 14 . PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES. The following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to Marcum Asia CPAs LLP Marcum Asia ), for services rendered. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 Audit Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, fees for our independent registered public accounting firm were approximately 111,446 and 39,655 for the services Marcum Asia performed in connection with the audit of our December 31, 2022 and 2021 financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10K. Audit-Related Fees. During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we do not pay fees for our independent registered public accounting firm for the services performed in connection with our Initial Public Offering. Tax Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, our independent registered public accounting firm did not render services to us for tax compliance, tax advice and tax planning. All Other Fees . During the year ended December 31, 2022 and the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, there were no fees billed for products and services provided by our independent registered public accounting firm other than those set forth above. Pre-Approval Policy Our audit committee was formed upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering. As a result, the audit committee did not pre-approve all of the foregoing services, although any services rendered prior to the formation of our audit committee were approved by our board of directors. Since the formation of our audit committee, and on a going-forward basis, the audit committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors, including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 PART IV ITEM 15. EXHIBITS, FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES. (a) The following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: (1) Financial Statements 

Page Audited Financial Statements of Chenghe Acquisition Co.: Report of Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID#:5395) F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholder s Equity (Deficit) for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F-17 (2) Financial Statement Schedule None. (3) Exhibits We hereby file as part of this report the exhibits listed in the attached Exhibit Index. Exhibit Number Description 1.1 Underwriting Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company, Morgan Stanley Co. LLC, as representative of the underwriters (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41366), filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022). 3.1 Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41366), filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022). 4.1 Specimen Unit Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Form S-1/A (File No. 333-264061), filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021). 4.2 Specimen Ordinary Share Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Form S-1/A (File No. 333-264061), filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021). 4.3 Specimen Warrant Certificate (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Company s Form S-1/A (File No. 333-264061), filed with the SEC on April 27, 2021). 4.4 Warrant Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41366), filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022). 4.5 Description of Securities. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 10.1 Letter Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and among the Company, its executive officers, its directors, its advisory board member and Chenghe Investment Co. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41366), filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022). 10.2 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41366), filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022). 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company and Chenghe Investment Co. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41366), filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022). 10.4 Private Placement Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company and Chenghe Investment Co. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41366), filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022). 10.5 Administrative Services Agreement, dated April 27, 2022, by and between the Company and Chenghe Investment Co. (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-41366), filed with the SEC on May 2, 2022). 31.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 31.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.1 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 32.2 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 101.INS XBRL Instance Document 101.SCH XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File - The cover page interactive data file does not appear in the Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

 Filed herewith. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 These certifications are furnished to the SEC pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and are deemed not filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, nor shall they be deemed incorporated by reference in any filing under the Securities Act of 1933, except as shall be expressly set forth by specific reference in such filing. ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY. None. 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date: March 31, 2023 CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. By: /s/ Shibin Wang Name: Shibin Wang Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director POWER OF ATTORNEY The undersigned directors and officers of Chenghe Acquisition Co. hereby constitute and appoint Shibin Wang with the power to act without the others and with full power of substitution and resubstitution, our true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent with full power to execute in our name and behalf in the capacities indicated below any and all amendments to this report and to file the same, with all exhibits and other documents relating thereto and hereby ratify and confirm all that such attorney-in-fact, or such attorney-in-fact s substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons in the capacities and on the dates indicated below. Name Position Date /s/ Shibin Wang Chief Executive Officer and Director March 31, 2023 Shibin Wang (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Zhiyang Zhou Chief Financial Officer March 31, 2023 Zhiyang Zhou (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) /s/ Qi Li March 31, 2023 Qi Li Chairman of the Board /s/ Kwan Sun March 31, 2023 Kwan Sun Director /s/ Robert Ewing March 31, 2023 Robert Ewing Director /s/ Ning Ma March 31, 2023 Ning Ma Director 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS Page Report of Marcum Asia CPAs LLP, Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (Firm ID#: F-2 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 F-3 Statements of Operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-4 Statements of Changes in Shareholders (Deficit) Equity for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-5 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 F-6 Notes to Financial Statements F-7 F-17 
 F-1 

Table of Contents 
 REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM To the Shareholders and Board of Directors of Chenghe Acquisition Co Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Chenghe Acquisition Co. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the related statements of operations, shareholders deficit and cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022, and for the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for year ended December 31, 2022, and for the Period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Explanatory Paragraph Going Concern The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As more fully described in Note 1, the company s liquidation date is less than one year from the date of the financial statements is issued. This condition raises substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ Marcum Asia CPAs LLP We have served as the Company s auditor since 2021. March 31, 2023 Firm ID#: 
 F-2 

Table of Contents 
 CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets Cash Prepaid expenses Due from Sponsor Total Current Assets Deferred offering costs Investments held in Trust Account TOTAL ASSETS LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY Current liabilities Accrued expenses Accrued offering costs Due to Sponsor Promissory note related party Total Current Liabilities Deferred underwriting commissions Total Liabilities Commitments Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption, par value, and number of shares at redemption value of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Shareholders (Deficit) Equity Preference shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; issued and outstanding (excluding and number of shares subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) Class B ordinary shares, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Total Shareholders (Deficit) Equity ) TOTAL LIABILITIES, ORDINARY SHARES SUBJECT TO POSSIBLE REDEMPTION AND SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-3 

Table of Contents 
 CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS For the Period from For the April 7, 2021 Year Ended (Inception) December 31, Through December 31, 2022 2021 Operating and formation costs Loss from operations ) ) Other income: Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account Other income Net income (loss) ) Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding, Non-redeemable ordinary shares Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Non-redeemable ordinary shares ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-4 

Table of Contents 
 CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND FOR THE PERIOD FROM APRIL 7, 2021 (INCEPTION) THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Ordinary Shares Class B Ordinary Shares Additional Total Shareholders Paid-in Accumulated (Deficit) Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Deficit Equity Balance April 7, 2021 (inception) Class B ordinary share issued to initial shareholder Net loss Balance December 31, 2021 ) Fair value of Public Warrants at issuance Sale of Private Placement Warrants Allocated value of transaction costs to Class A ordinary shares ) ) Re-measurement for Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption amount ) ) ) Net income Balance December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-5 

Table of Contents 
 CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the Period from April 7, For the 2021 (Inception) Year Ended Through December 31, December 31, 2022 2021 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: Net income (loss) ) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash used in operating activities: Formation costs paid by related party Interest earned on investments held in Trust Account ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) Due from Sponsor Accrued expenses Due to Sponsor Net cash used in operating activities ) Cash Flows from Investing Activities: Investment of cash in Trust Account ) Net cash used in investing activities ) Cash Flows from Financing Activities: Proceeds from sale of Units, net of underwriting discounts paid Proceeds from sale of Private Placements Warrants Proceeds from promissory note related party Repayment of promissory note related party ) Payment of offering costs ) Net cash provided by financing activities Net Change in Cash Cash Beginning of period Cash End of period Non-Cash investing and financing activities: Deferred offering costs paid by Sponsor in exchange for issuance of Class B ordinary shares Offering costs included in accrued offering costs Offering costs paid by Sponsor under the promissory note Deferred underwriting fee payable Initial classification of ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Re-measurement for Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 F-6 

Table of Contents CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 units, including the issuance of units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option (the Units and, with respect to the ordinary shares included in the Units being offered, the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 3. Simultaneously with the closing of the IPO, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants, such private placement, the Private Placement ), (including private placement warrants in connection with the full exercise of the underwriters overallotment option), at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Chenghe Investment Co. (the Sponsor ), generating gross proceeds of , which is discussed in Note 4. Transaction costs amounted to consisting of of underwriting discount, of deferred underwriting discount, and of other offering costs. The Company must complete one or more Business Combinations having an aggregate fair market value of at least of the net assets held in the Trust Account (as defined below) (excluding the amount of any deferred underwriting commissions held in trust) at the time of signing a definitive agreement in connection with the initial Business Combination. However, the Company will only complete a Business Combination if the post- transaction company owns or acquires or more of the outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise acquires an interest in the target sufficient for it not to be required to register as an investment company under the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ). There is no assurance that the Company will be able to successfully effect a Business Combination. Following the closing of the IPO on May 2, 2022, an amount of per Unit) from the net proceeds of the sale of the public units in the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account Trust Account ), located in the United States with Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company acting as trustee, and may only be invested in U.S. government securities, within the meaning of Section 2(a)(16) of the Investment Company Act, having a maturity of or less or in money market funds meeting certain conditions under Rule 2a-7 promulgated under the Investment Company Act which invest only in direct U.S. government treasury obligations. Except with respect to interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account that may be released to the Company to pay its taxes, if any, the proceeds from the IPO and the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will not be released from the Trust Account until the earliest of (i) the completion of the initial Business Combination, (ii) the redemption of the public shares if the Company is unable to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (as define below), subject to applicable law, or (iii) the redemption of the public shares properly submitted in connection with a shareholder vote to amend the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association to (A) modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity. The proceeds deposited in the Trust Account could become subject to the claims of the Company s creditors, if any, which could have priority over the claims of the public shareholders. 
 F-7 

Table of Contents CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per public share. The per share amount the Company will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions the Company will pay to the underwriters. The ordinary shares subject to redemption will be recorded at a redemption value and classified as temporary equity upon the completion of the IPO, in accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board s FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 480 Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity. In such case, the Company will proceed with a Business Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon such consummation of a Business Combination and, if the Company seeks shareholder approval, a majority of the issued and outstanding shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. The Company will have only or during one of the three three-month extensions (for a total up to from the closing of the IPO (collectively, the Combination Period to complete the initial Business Combination. If the Company has not completed the initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the Trust Account, including interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account (less taxes payable and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining shareholders and the Company s board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject, in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii), to the Company s obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. The Sponsor, officers and directors have agreed to (i) waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with the completion of the initial Business Combination; waive their redemption rights with respect to their founder shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to allow redemption in connection with the initial Business Combination or to redeem of the public shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity; waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to their founder shares if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any public shares they hold if the Company fails to complete its initial Business Combination within the prescribed time frame; and (ii) vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the IPO (including in open market and privately- negotiated transactions) in favor of the initial Business Combination. The Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective target business with which the Company has entered into a written letter of intent, confidentiality or other similar agreement or Business Combination agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust Account to below the lesser of (i) per public share and (ii) the actual amount per public share held in the Trust Account as of the date of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, less taxes payable, provided that such liability will not apply to any claims by a third party or prospective target business who executed a waiver of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether or not such waiver is enforceable) nor will it apply to any claims under the Company s indemnity of the underwriters of the IPO against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities Act. However, the Company has not asked the Sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations, nor has the Company independently verified whether the Sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and the Company believes that the Sponsor s only assets are securities of the Company. Therefore, the Company cannot assure you that the Sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. 
 F-8 

Table of Contents CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 F-9 

Table of Contents CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 t have any cash equivalents as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company held and in cash as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. held in the Trust Account. 
 F-10 

Table of Contents CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Less: Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants ) Class A ordinary shares issuance at cost ) Plus: Re-measurement for Class A ordinary shares subject to possible redemption Contingently redeemable ordinary share as a result of the IPO (consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, and of other offering costs). unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments, accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company s management does not expect that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will materially change over the next twelve months. The Company is considered to be an exempted Cayman Islands company with no connection to any other taxable jurisdiction and is presently not subject to income taxes or income tax filing requirements in the Cayman Islands or the United States. As such, the Company s tax provision was zero for the period presented. ordinary shares that were subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised by the underwriters. On May 2, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option, hence, Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture. (see Note 5). As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts that could, potentially, 
 F-11 

Table of Contents CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 ) Denominator: Basic and diluted weighted average shares outstanding Basic and diluted net income (loss) per ordinary share ) . The Company has not experienced losses on this account. 
 F-12 

Table of Contents CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 Units, including Units as a result of the underwriters full exercise of the over-allotment option, at a price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of Class A ordinary share and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each whole warrant will entitle the holder to purchase Class A ordinary share at a price of per share, subject to adjustment (see Note 7). Each warrant will become exercisable after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. warrants at a price of per warrant, for an aggregate purchase price of . A portion of the proceeds from the Private Placement Warrants was added to the proceeds from the IPO held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants held in the Trust Account will be used to fund the redemption of the Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will be worthless (See Note 7). 
 F-13 

Table of Contents CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 , or approximately per share, to cover certain of the offering and formation costs in exchange for an aggregate of Class B ordinary shares, par value per share (the Founder Shares ). On June 20, 2021 and on December 28, 2021, respectively, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited to the Company Founder Shares for consideration, following which, the Sponsor holds Founder Shares. On March 29, 2022, the Sponsor further surrendered and forfeited to the Company Founder Shares for consideration, following which the Sponsor holds Founder Shares. As a result of these surrender and forfeiture of Founder Shares, the per share price increased to approximately per share. On March 30, 2022, the Sponsor transferred an aggregate of of its Founder Shares to the Company s independent director nominees and advisory board member, for their board and advisory services, in each case for cash consideration, including shares to each of Kwan Sun, Robert Ewing and Ning Ma, shares to Kenneth W. Hitchner and shares to Dr. Zhiwei Liu, respectively. Currently, the Sponsor holds of the Company s outstanding Class B ordinary shares. Up to Founder Shares are subject to forfeiture to the extent over-allotment not exercised in full. On May 2, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option, hence, Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture, so that the number of Founder Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was . The Company s initial shareholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their Founder Shares and any Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion thereof until the earlier to occur of: (i) one year after the completion of the initial Business Combination or (ii) the date on which the Company completes a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction after the initial Business Combination that results in all of the shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Any permitted transferees will be subject to the same restrictions and other agreements of the initial shareholders with respect to any Founder Shares (the lock-up ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if (1) the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any trading days within any -trading day period commencing at least after the initial Business Combination or (2) if the Company consummate a transaction after the initial Business Combination which results in the shareholders having the right to exchange their shares for cash, securities or other property, the Founder Shares will be released from the lock-up. Administrative Services Agreement Commencing on April 27, 2022, the effective date of the Company s registration statement for IPO, the Company will pay to the Sponsor per month for office space, utilities, secretarial support and administrative services provided to members of the Company s management team. Upon completion of the initial Business Combination or the Company s liquidation, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company incurred in fees for these services, and such amount is included in due to Sponsor in the accompanying balance sheets. For the period from April 7, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company did t incur any fees for these services. Promissory Note Related Party On April 8, 2021, the Sponsor has agreed to loan the Company up to to be used for a portion of the expenses of the IPO. These loans are non-interest bearing, unsecured and due at the earlier of June 30, 2022 or the closing of the IPO. As of May 2, 2022, the Company had borrowed and repaid under the promissory note. Related Party Loans In order to finance working capital deficit or to finance transaction costs in connection with an intended initial Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor or certain of the Company s officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company funds as may be required (the Working Capital Loans ). If the Company completes its initial Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans. In the event that the initial Business Combination does not close, the Company may use a portion of the working capital held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds from the Trust Account would be used to repay the Working Capital Loans. Up to of the Working Capital Loans may be convertible into Private Placement Warrants of the post Business Combination entity at a price of per warrant at the option of the lender. Such 
 F-14 

Table of Contents CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 such Working Capital Loans were outstanding. demands, excluding short form demands, that the Company registers such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to the completion of the initial Business Combination. The Company will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Underwriting Agreement On May 2, 2022, the underwriters were paid a cash underwriting fee of of the gross proceeds of the IPO, totaling . In addition, per unit, or approximately in the aggregate, will be payable to the underwriters for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriters from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. preference shares at par value of each. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of preference shares issued or outstanding. Class A Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class A ordinary shares at par value of each. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were shares of Class A ordinary shares issued or outstanding, excluding and shares of Class A ordinary shares subject to redemption, respectively. Class B Ordinary Shares The Company is authorized to issue a total of Class B ordinary shares at par value of each. On April 8, 2021, the Company issued Class B ordinary shares to its Sponsor for , or approximately per share. On June 20, 2021 and on December 28, 2021, respectively, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited to the Company Founder Shares for consideration, following which, the Sponsor holds Founder Shares. On March 29, 2022, the Sponsor surrendered and forfeited to the Company Founder Shares, following which the Sponsor holds Founder Shares, of which are subject to forfeiture depending on the extent to which the underwriters over-allotment option is exercised. On May 2, 2022, the underwriters fully exercised their over-allotment option, hence, Founder Shares were no longer subject to forfeiture, so that the number of Founder Shares outstanding as of December 31, 2022 was . The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of the initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with the initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business 
 F-15 

Table of Contents CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Unless specified in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as required by the Companies Act or stock exchange rules, an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company is generally required to approve any matter voted on by the shareholders. Approval of certain actions require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of the ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, and pursuant to the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, such actions include amending the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Warrants As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total number of Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding were and , respectively. Each whole warrant is exercisable to purchase Class A ordinary share at per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. In addition, if (x) the Company issues additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities, for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of the initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to the initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of the initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of the initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of the Class A ordinary shares during the -trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which the Company consummates its initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value of the Class A ordinary shares is below per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. The warrants cannot be exercised until after the completion of the initial Business Combination, and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, after the completion of the initial Business Combination or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. The Company has agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen business days after the closing of the initial Business Combination, the Company will use its best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. The Company will use its best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth business day after the closing of the initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event the Company so elect, it will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). 
 F-16 

Table of Contents CHENGHE ACQUISITION CO. NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 per warrant; upon not less than prior written notice of redemption (the - day redemption period to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise or the exercise price of a warrant) for any trading days within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. 
 The fair market value of the Class A ordinary shares shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. 
 F-17 

<EX-4.5>
 2
 chea-20221231xex4d5.htm
 EX-4.5

EXHIBIT 4.5 DESCRIPTION OF SECURITIES The following description of our Units, ordinary shares and warrants is a summary and does not purport to be complete. It is subject to and qualified in its entirety by reference to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, which is incorporated by reference as an exhibit to the Annual Report on Form 10-K of which this Exhibit 4.5 is a part, and applicable Cayman Islands law. We urge you to read our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association in their entirety for a complete description of the rights and preferences of our securities. Defined terms used herein but not otherwise defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in the Annual Report. General We are a Cayman Islands exempted company with limited liability (company number 373991) and our affairs are governed by our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, the Companies Act and the common law of the Cayman Islands. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we are authorized to issue 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value each and 50,000,000 Class B ordinary shares, 0.0001 par value each, as well as 5,000,000 preference shares, 0.0001 par value each. The following description summarizes certain terms of our shares as set out more particularly in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association. Because it is only a summary, it may not contain all the information that is important to you. Units Each unit has an offering price of 10.00 and consists of one Class A ordinary share and one-half of one warrant. Each whole warrant entitles the holder thereof to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of the Company s Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time by a warrant holder. For example, if a warrant holder holds one-half of one warrant to purchase a Class A ordinary share, such warrant will not be exercisable. If a warrant holder holds two halves of one warrant, such whole warrant will be exercisable for one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share. The Class A ordinary shares and warrants have commenced their separate trading, and holders have the option to continue to hold units or separate their units into the component securities. Holders will need to have their brokers contact our transfer agent in order to separate the units into Class A ordinary shares and warrants. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. Ordinary Shares As of December 31, 2022, 11,500,000 Class A ordinary shares and 2,875,000 Class B ordinary shares were issued and outstanding. Ordinary shareholders of record are entitled to one vote for each share held on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. Prior to the completion of our initial business combination, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on (x) the appointment of directors or (y) continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents of the Company or to adopt new constitutional documents of the Company, in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands). Holders of Class A ordinary shares and holders of Class B ordinary shares will vote together as a single class on all other matters submitted to a vote of the Company s shareholders except as required by law. Unless specified in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or as required by applicable provisions of the Companies Act or applicable stock exchange rules, the affirmative vote of a majority of our ordinary shares that are voted is required to approve any such matter voted on by our shareholders. Approval of certain actions will require a special resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of the holders of at least two-thirds of our ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company, and pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; such actions include amending our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and approving a statutory merger or consolidation with another company. Our board of directors is divided into three classes, each of which will generally serve a term of three years with only one class of directors being appointed in each year. There is no cumulative voting with respect to the appointment of directors, with the result that the holders of more than 50 of the shares voted for the appointment of directors can appoint all of the directors. However, only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on the appointment of directors prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination, meaning that holders of Class A ordinary shares will not have the right to appoint any directors until after the completion of our initial Business Combination. In addition, in a vote to continue the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the 

 constitutional documents of the Company or to adopt new constitutional documents of the Company, in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands), only holders of our Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote. Our shareholders are entitled to receive ratable dividends when, as and if declared by the board of directors out of funds legally available therefor. Because our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize the issuance of up to 500,000,000 Class A ordinary shares, if we were to enter into a Business Combination, we may (depending on the terms of such a Business Combination) be required to increase the number of Class A ordinary shares which we are authorized to issue at the same time as our shareholders vote on the Business Combination to the extent we seek shareholder approval in connection with our initial Business Combination. In accordance with Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual general meeting until one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. There is no requirement under the Companies Act for us to hold annual or general meetings or appoint directors. We may not hold an annual general meeting to appoint new directors prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination. We will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their public shares upon the completion of our initial Business Combination at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account calculated as of two business days prior to the consummation of our initial Business Combination, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. The amount in the trust account is 10.30 per public share upon consummation of the IPO. The per share amount we will distribute to investors who properly redeem their shares will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions that we will pay to the underwriters of our IPO Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination. Unlike many SPACs that hold shareholder votes and conduct proxy solicitations in conjunction with their initial Business Combinations and provide for related redemptions of public shares for cash upon completion of such initial Business Combinations even when a vote is not required by law, if a shareholder vote is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will, pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC, and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial Business Combination. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require these tender offer documents to contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under the SEC s proxy rules. If, however, a shareholder approval of the transaction is required by law, or we decide to obtain shareholder approval for business or other reasons, we will, like many SPACs, offer to redeem shares in conjunction with a proxy solicitation pursuant to the proxy rules and not pursuant to the tender offer rules. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company. However, the participation of our Sponsor, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates in privately-negotiated transactions, if any, could result in the approval of our initial Business Combination even if a majority of our public shareholders vote, or indicate their intention to vote, against such initial Business Combination. For purposes of seeking approval of an ordinary resolution, non-votes will have no effect on the approval of our initial Business Combination once a quorum is obtained. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association require that at least five days notice will be given of any general meeting. If we seek shareholder approval of our initial Business Combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial Business Combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that a public shareholder, together with any affiliate of such shareholder or any other person with whom such shareholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from redeeming its shares with respect to Excess Shares without our prior consent. However, we would not be restricting our shareholders ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial Business Combination. Our shareholders inability to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce their influence over our ability to complete our initial Business Combination, and such shareholders could suffer a material loss in their investment if they sell such Excess Shares on the open market. Additionally, such shareholders will not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial Business Combination. And, as a result, such shareholders will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 20 and, in order to dispose such shares would be required to sell their shares in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. If we seek shareholder approval, we will complete our initial Business Combination only if we obtain the approval of an ordinary resolution under Cayman Islands law, which requires the affirmative vote of a majority of the shareholders who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company where a quorum is present. In accordance with our amended memorandum and articles of association, shareholders representing at least one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, present in person or by proxy, will constitute a quorum. In such case, our Sponsor and each member of our management team have agreed to vote their Founder Shares and any public 

 shares in favor of our initial Business Combination. As a result, in addition to our initial shareholders Founder Shares, we would need 4,312,500, or 37.5 , of the 11,500,000 public shares sold in our IPO to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have our initial Business Combination approved. Assuming that only one-third of our issued and outstanding ordinary shares, representing a quorum under our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, are voted, we will not need nay public shares in addition to our Founder Shares to be voted in favor of an initial Business Combination in order to have an initial Business Combination approved. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the shareholder general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. However, if our initial Business Combination is structured as a statutory merger or consolidation with another company under Cayman Islands law, the approval of our initial Business Combination will require a special resolution passed by the affirmative vote of shareholders holding a majority of not less than two thirds of the shares which, being so entitled, are voted thereon in person or by proxy at a quorate general meeting of the company or a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders entitled to vote at a general meeting of the company. Additionally, each public shareholder may elect to redeem their public shares irrespective of whether they vote for or against the proposed transaction or whether they were a public shareholder on the record date for the general meeting held to approve the proposed transaction. Pursuant to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, if we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any), subject to applicable law and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law. Our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period. However, if our Sponsor or management team acquire public shares after our IPO, they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to such public shares if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the prescribed time period. In the event of a liquidation, dissolution or winding up of the Company after a Business Combination, our shareholders are entitled to share ratably in all assets remaining available for distribution to them after payment of liabilities and after provision is made for each class of shares, if any, having preference over the ordinary shares. Our shareholders have no preemptive or other subscription rights. There are no sinking fund provisions applicable to the ordinary shares, except that we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares for cash at a per share price equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, upon the completion of our initial Business Combination, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein. Founder Shares The Founder Shares are designated as Class B ordinary shares and, except as described below, are identical to the Class A ordinary shares included in the units being sold in our IPO, and holders of Founder Shares have the same shareholder rights as public shareholders, except that (i) prior to our initial Business Combination, only holders of Founder Shares have the right to vote on the appointment of directors and holders of a majority of our Founder Shares may remove a member of the board of directors for any reason; (ii) the Founder Shares are subject to certain transfer restrictions, as described in more detail below; (iii) the Founder Shares are entitled to registration rights; (iv) our Sponsor, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to (A) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with the completion of our initial Business Combination, (B) waive their redemption rights with respect to their Founder Shares and public shares in connection with a shareholder vote to approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we have not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, (C) waive their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to their Founder Shares if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial Business Combination within such time period and (D) vote any Founder Shares held by them and any public shares purchased after our initial public offering (including in open market and privately-negotiated transactions) in favor of our initial Business Combination; (v) the Founder Shares are automatically convertible into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial Business Combination on a 

 one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as described herein and in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association; and (vi) only holders of Class B ordinary shares will have the right to vote on (A) the appointment of directors or (B) continuing the Company in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands (including any special resolution required to amend the constitutional documents of the Company or to adopt new constitutional documents of the Company, in each case, as a result of the Company approving a transfer by way of continuation in a jurisdiction outside the Cayman Islands) prior to the completion of our initial Business Combination. The Founder Shares will automatically convert into Class A ordinary shares concurrently with or immediately following the consummation of our initial Business Combination on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like, and subject to further adjustment as provided herein. In the case that additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities are issued or deemed issued in connection with our initial Business Combination, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of all Founder Shares will equal, in the aggregate, 20 of the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding after such conversion (after giving effect to any redemptions of Class A ordinary shares by public shareholders), including the total number of Class A ordinary shares issued, or deemed issued or issuable upon conversion or exercise of any equity-linked securities or rights issued or deemed issued, by the Company in connection with or in relation to the consummation of the initial Business Combination, excluding any Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities exercisable for or convertible into Class A ordinary shares issued, or to be issued, to any seller in the initial Business Combination and any Private Placement Warrants issued to our Sponsor, officers or directors upon conversion of Working Capital Loans; provided that such conversion of Founder Shares will never occur on a less than one-for-one basis. With certain limited exceptions, the Founder Shares are not transferable, assignable or salable (except to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our Sponsor, each of whom will be subject to the same transfer restrictions) until the earlier of (A) one year after the completion of our initial Business Combination or earlier if, subsequent to our initial Business Combination, the closing price of the Class A ordinary shares equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial Business Combination, and (B) the date following the completion of our initial Business Combination on which we complete a liquidation, merger, share exchange or other similar transaction that results in all of our shareholders having the right to exchange their Class A ordinary shares for cash, securities or other property. Register of Members Under Cayman Islands law, we must keep a register of members and there will be entered therein: the names and addresses of the members, together with a statement of the shares held by each member, and such statement shall confirm (i) the amount paid or agreed to be considered as paid, on the shares of each member, (ii) the number and category of shares of each member, and (iii) whether each relevant category of shares held by a member carries voting rights under the articles of association of the Company, and if so, whether such voting rights are conditional; whether voting rights are attached to the share in issue: the date on which the name of any person was entered on the register as a member; and the date on which any person ceased to be a member. Under Cayman Islands law, the register of members of our company is prima facie evidence of the matters set out therein (i.e. the register of members will raise a presumption of fact on the matters referred to above unless rebutted) and a member registered in the register of members will be deemed as a matter of Cayman Islands law to have legal title to the shares as set against its name in the register of members. Upon the closing of our IPO, the register of members was immediately updated to reflect the issue of shares by us. Once our register of members has been updated, the shareholders recorded in the register of members were deemed to have legal title to the shares set against their name. However, there are certain limited circumstances where an application may be made to a Cayman Islands court for a determination on whether the register of members reflects the correct legal position. Further, the Cayman Islands court has the power to order that the register of members maintained by a company should be rectified where it considers that the register of members does not reflect the correct legal position. If an application for an order for rectification of the register of members were made in respect of our ordinary shares, then the validity of such shares may be subject to re-examination by a Cayman Islands court. Preference Shares Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association authorize 5,000,000 preference shares and provide that preference shares may be issued from time to time in one or more series. Our board of directors will be authorized to fix the voting rights, if any, designations, powers, preferences, the relative, participating, optional or other special rights and any qualifications, limitations and restrictions thereof, applicable to the shares of each series. Our board of directors will be able to, without shareholder approval, issue preference shares with voting and other rights that could adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders 

 of the ordinary shares and could have anti-takeover effects. The ability of our board of directors to issue preference shares without shareholder approval could have the effect of delaying, deferring or preventing a change of control of us or the removal of existing management. We have no preference shares issued and outstanding at the date hereof. Although we do not currently intend to issue any preference shares, we cannot assure you that we will not do so in the future. No preference shares were issued or registered in our IPO Warrants Public Shareholders Warrants Each whole warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one Class A ordinary share at a price of 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as discussed below, at any time commencing on 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination, provided in each case that we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available (or we permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis under the circumstances specified in the warrant agreement) and such shares are registered, qualified or exempt from registration under the securities, or blue sky, laws of the state of residence of the holder. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of Class A ordinary shares. This means only a whole warrant may be exercised at a given time by a warrant holder. No fractional warrants will be issued upon separation of the units and only whole warrants will trade. Accordingly, unless you purchase at least two units, you will not be able to receive or trade a whole warrant. The warrants will expire five years after the completion of our initial Business Combination, at 5:00 p.m., New York City time, or earlier upon redemption or liquidation. We will not be obligated to deliver any Class A ordinary shares pursuant to the exercise of a warrant and will have no obligation to settle such warrant exercise unless a registration statement under the Securities Act with respect to the Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants is then effective and a prospectus relating thereto is current, subject to our satisfying our obligations described below with respect to registration. No warrant will be exercisable and we will not be obligated to issue a Class A ordinary share upon exercise of a warrant unless the Class A ordinary share issuable upon such warrant exercise has been registered, qualified or deemed to be exempt under the securities laws of the state of residence of the registered holder of the warrants. In the event that the conditions in the two immediately preceding sentences are not satisfied with respect to a warrant, the holder of such warrant will not be entitled to exercise such warrant and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant. In the event that a registration statement is not effective for the exercised warrants, the purchaser of a unit containing such warrant will have paid the full purchase price for the unit solely for the Class A ordinary share underlying such unit. We have agreed that as soon as practicable, but in no event later than fifteen (15) business days after the closing of our initial Business Combination, we will use our best efforts to file with the SEC a registration statement for the registration, under the Securities Act, of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants. We will use our best efforts to cause the same to become effective and to maintain the effectiveness of such registration statement, and a current prospectus relating thereto, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement. If a registration statement covering the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is not effective by the sixtieth (60th) business day after the closing of our initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when we will have failed to maintain an effective registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if our Class A ordinary shares are at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event we do not so elect, we will use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. In such event, each holder would pay the exercise price by surrendering the warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value (defined below) less the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value as used in this paragraph shall mean the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the trading day prior to the date on which the notice of exercise is received by the warrant agent or on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants, as applicable. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). Once the warrants become exercisable, we may call the warrants for redemption: in whole and not in part; at a price of 0.01 per warrant; upon not less than 30 days prior written notice of redemption (the 30-day redemption period 

 to each warrant holder; and if, and only if, the reported closing price of the ordinary shares equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) for any 20 trading days within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which before we send the notice of redemption to the warrant holders. We will not redeem the warrants as described above unless a registration statement under the Securities Act covering the issuance of the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants is then effective and a current prospectus relating to those Class A ordinary share is available throughout the 30 day redemption period. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. We have established the last of the redemption criterion discussed above to prevent a redemption call unless there is at the time of the call a significant premium to the warrant exercise price. If the foregoing conditions are satisfied and we issue a notice of redemption of the warrants, each warrant holder will be entitled to exercise his, her or its warrant prior to the scheduled redemption date. However, the price of the Class A ordinary shares may fall below the 18.00 redemption trigger price (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share capitalizations, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like) as well as the 11.50 warrant exercise price (for whole shares) after the redemption notice is issued. If we call the warrants for redemption as described above, our management will have the option to require any holder that wishes to exercise his, her or its warrant to do so on a cashless basis. In determining whether to require all holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, our management will consider, among other factors, our cash position, the number of warrants that are outstanding and the dilutive effect on our shareholders of issuing the maximum number of Class A ordinary shares issuable upon the exercise of our warrants. If our management takes advantage of this option, all holders of warrants would pay the exercise price by surrendering their warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value means the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days on the third trading day prior to the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. In no event will the warrants be exercisable in connection with this redemption feature for more than 0.361 Class A ordinary shares per warrant (subject to adjustment). If our management takes advantage of this option, the notice of redemption will contain the information necessary to calculate the number of Class A ordinary shares to be received upon exercise of the warrants. Requiring a cashless exercise in this manner will reduce the number of shares to be issued and thereby lessen the dilutive effect of a warrant redemption. We believe this feature is an attractive option to us if we do not need the cash from the exercise of the warrants after our initial Business Combination. If we call our warrants for redemption and our management does not take advantage of this option, the holders of the Private Placement Warrants and their permitted transferees would still be entitled to exercise their Private Placement Warrants for cash or on a cashless basis using the same formula described above that other warrant holders would have been required to use had all warrant holders been required to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis, as described in more detail below. Redemption Procedure A holder of a warrant may notify us in writing in the event it elects to be subject to a requirement that such holder will not have the right to exercise such warrant, to the extent that after giving effect to such exercise, such person (together with such person s affiliates), or any group (as defined under Section 13 of Exchange Act) of which such person or its affiliates is a member, to the warrant agent s actual knowledge, would beneficially own in excess of 4.9 or 9.8 (or such other amount as the holder may specify) of the Class A ordinary shares issued and outstanding immediately after giving effect to such exercise. Anti-dilution Adjustments. If the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is increased by a share capitalization or share dividend payable in Class A ordinary shares, or by a split-up of ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such share capitalization or share dividend, split-up or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be increased in proportion to such increase in the issued and outstanding ordinary shares. A rights offering to holders of ordinary shares entitling holders to purchase Class A ordinary shares at a price less than the historical fair market value will be deemed a share capitalization of a number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the product of (i) the number of Class A ordinary shares actually sold in such rights offering (or issuable under any other equity securities sold in such rights offering that are convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares) and multiplied by (ii) one minus the quotient of (x) the price per Class A ordinary share paid in such rights offering and divided by (y) the historical fair market value. For these purposes (i) if the rights offering is for securities convertible into or exercisable for Class A ordinary shares, in determining the price payable for Class A ordinary shares, there will be taken into account any consideration received for such rights, as well as any additional amount payable upon exercise or conversion and (ii) historical fair market value means the volume weighted average price of Class A ordinary shares as reported during the ten (10) trading day period ending on the trading day prior to the first date on which the Class A ordinary shares trade on the applicable exchange or in the applicable market, regular way, without the right to receive such rights. 

 In addition, if we, at any time while the warrants are outstanding and unexpired, pay a dividend or make a distribution in cash, securities or other assets to the holders of Class A ordinary shares on account of such Class A ordinary shares (or other securities into which the warrants are convertible), other than (a) as described above, (b) ordinary cash dividends or cash distributions which, when combined on a per share basis with all other cash dividends and cash distributions paid on the Class A ordinary shares during the 365-day period ending on the date of declaration of such dividend or distribution (as adjusted to appropriately reflect any other adjustments and excluding cash dividends or cash distributions that resulted in an adjustment to the exercise price or to the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant) does not exceed 0.50 (being 5 of the offering price of the Units in the IPO), (c) to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a proposed initial Business Combination, to satisfy the redemption rights of the holders of Class A ordinary shares in connection with a shareholder vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, or (d) in connection with the redemption of our public shares upon our failure to complete our initial Business Combination, then the warrant exercise price will be decreased, effective immediately after the effective date of such event, by the amount of cash and/or the fair market value of any securities or other assets paid on each Class A ordinary share in respect of such event. If the number of issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares is decreased by a consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division or reclassification of Class A ordinary shares or other similar event, then, on the effective date of such consolidation, combination, reverse share sub-division, reclassification or similar event, the number of Class A ordinary shares issuable on exercise of each warrant will be decreased in proportion to such decrease in issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares. Whenever the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants is adjusted, as described above, the warrant exercise price will be adjusted by multiplying the warrant exercise price immediately prior to such adjustment by a fraction (x) the numerator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares purchasable upon the exercise of the warrants immediately prior to such adjustment, and (y) the denominator of which will be the number of Class A ordinary shares so purchasable immediately thereafter. In addition, if (x) we issue additional Class A ordinary shares or equity-linked securities, for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing of our initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than 9.20 per Class A ordinary share (with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by our board of directors and, in the case of any such issuance to our initial shareholders or their affiliates, without taking into account any founder shares held by our initial shareholders or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance) (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial Business Combination on the date of the consummation of our initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the volume weighted average trading price of our Class A ordinary shares during the 10-trading day period starting on the trading day prior to the day on which we consummate our initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value of our Class A ordinary shares is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. In case of any reclassification or reorganization of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares (other than those described above or that solely affects the par value of such Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any merger or consolidation of us with or into another corporation (other than a consolidation or merger in which we are the continuing corporation and that does not result in any reclassification or reorganization of our issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares), or in the case of any sale or conveyance to another corporation or entity of the assets or other property of us as an entirety or substantially as an entirety in connection with which we are dissolved, the holders of the warrants will thereafter have the right to purchase and receive, upon the basis and upon the terms and conditions specified in the warrants and in lieu of the Class A ordinary shares immediately theretofore purchasable and receivable upon the exercise of the rights represented thereby, the kind and amount of Class A ordinary shares or other securities or property (including cash) receivable upon such reclassification, reorganization, merger or consolidation, or upon a dissolution following any such sale or transfer, that the holder of the warrants would have received if such holder had exercised their warrants immediately prior to such event. However, if such holders were entitled to exercise a right of election as to the kind or amount of securities, cash or other assets receivable upon such consolidation or merger, then the kind and amount of securities, cash or other assets for which each warrant will become exercisable will be deemed to be the weighted average of the kind and amount received per share by such holders in such consolidation or merger that affirmatively make such election, and if a tender, exchange or redemption offer has been made to and accepted by such holders (other than a tender, exchange or redemption offer made by the company in connection with redemption rights held by shareholders of the Company as provided for in the Company s amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or as a result of the redemption of Class A ordinary shares by the company if a proposed initial Business Combination is presented to the shareholders of the company for approval) under circumstances in which, upon completion of such tender or exchange offer, the maker thereof, together with members of any group (within the meaning of Rule 13d-5(b)(1) under the Exchange Act) of which such 

 maker is a part, and together with any affiliate or associate of such maker (within the meaning of Rule 12b-2 under the Exchange Act) and any members of any such group of which any such affiliate or associate is a part, own beneficially (within the meaning of Rule 13d-3 under the Exchange Act) more than 50 of the issued and outstanding Class A ordinary shares, the holder of a warrant will be entitled to receive the highest amount of cash, securities or other property to which such holder would actually have been entitled as a shareholder if such warrant holder had exercised the warrant prior to the expiration of such tender or exchange offer, accepted such offer and all of the Class A ordinary shares held by such holder had been purchased pursuant to such tender or exchange offer, subject to adjustment (from and after the consummation of such tender or exchange offer) as nearly equivalent as possible to the adjustments provided for in the warrant agreement. If less than 70 of the consideration receivable by the holders of Class A ordinary shares in such a transaction is payable in the form of Class A ordinary shares in the successor entity that is listed for trading on a national securities exchange or is quoted in an established over-the-counter market, or is to be so listed for trading or quoted immediately following such event, and if the registered holder of the warrant properly exercises the warrant within thirty days following public disclosure of such transaction, the warrant exercise price will be reduced as specified in the warrant agreement based on the Black-Scholes Warrant Value (as defined in the warrant agreement) of the warrant. The purpose of such exercise price reduction is to provide additional value to holders of the warrants when an extraordinary transaction occurs during the exercise period of the warrants pursuant to which the holders of the warrants otherwise do not receive the full potential value of the warrants. The warrants are issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any mistake, including to conform the provisions of the warrant agreement to the description of the terms of the warrants and the warrant agreement, or defective provision, but requires the approval by the holders of at least a majority of the then issued and outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders of public warrants (which may include public warrants acquired by our Sponsor or its affiliates in the IPO or thereafter in the open market). All other modifications or amendments shall require the vote or written consent of the holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants; provided that any amendment that solely affects the terms of the Private Placement Warrants or any provision of the warrant agreement solely with respect to the Private Placement Warrants requires the vote or written consent of at least 50 of the then-outstanding Private Placement Warrants. You should review a copy of the warrant agreement, which is filed as an exhibit to the Annual Report for a complete description of the terms and conditions applicable to the warrants. The warrants may be exercised upon surrender of the warrant certificate on or prior to the expiration date at the offices of the warrant agent, with the exercise form on the reverse side of the warrant certificate completed and executed as indicated, accompanied by full payment of the exercise price (or on a cashless basis, if applicable), by certified or official bank check payable to us, for the number of warrants being exercised. The warrant holders do not have the rights or privileges of holders of ordinary shares and any voting rights until they exercise their warrants and receive Class A ordinary shares. After the issuance of Class A ordinary shares upon exercise of the warrants, each holder will be entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters to be voted on by shareholders. We have agreed that, subject to applicable law, any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating in any way to our warrant agreement will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York, and we irrevocably submit to such jurisdiction, which jurisdiction will be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. This provision applies to claims under the Securities Act but does not apply to claims under the Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Private Placement Warrants The Private Placement Warrants (including the Class A ordinary shares issuable upon exercise of such warrants) will not be transferable, assignable or salable until 30 days after the completion of our initial Business Combination (except, subject to certain other limited exceptions, to our officers and directors and other persons or entities affiliated with our Sponsor) and they will not be redeemable by us. The Sponsor or its permitted transferees, have the option to exercise the Private Placement Warrants on a cashless basis. Except as described below, the Private Placement Warrants have terms and provisions that are identical to those of the warrants being sold as part of the units in our IPO. If the Private Placement Warrants are held by holders other than the Sponsor or its permitted transferees, the Private Placement Warrants will be redeemable by us and exercisable by the holders on the same basis as the warrants included in the Units being sold in our IPO. If holders of the Private Placement Warrants elect to exercise them on a cashless basis, they would pay the exercise price by surrendering his, her or its warrants for that number of Class A ordinary shares equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of the number of Class A ordinary shares underlying the warrants, multiplied by the excess of the fair market value of our Class A ordinary shares (defined below) over the exercise price of the warrants by (y) the fair market value. The fair market value means the average reported closing price of the Class A ordinary shares for the 10 trading days ending on the third trading day prior to the date on 

 which the notice of warrant exercise is sent to the warrant agent. The reason that we have agreed that these warrants will be exercisable on a cashless basis is because it is not known at this time whether the holders of these warrants will be affiliated with us following a Business Combination. If they remain affiliated with us, their ability to sell our securities in the open market will be significantly limited. We expect to have policies in place that prohibit insiders from selling our securities except during specific periods of time. Even during such periods of time when insiders will be permitted to sell our securities, an insider cannot trade in our securities if he or she is in possession of material non-public information. Accordingly, unlike public shareholders who could exercise their warrants and sell the Class A ordinary shares received upon such exercise freely in the open market in order to recoup the cost of such exercise, the insiders could be significantly restricted from selling such securities. As a result, we believe that allowing the holders to exercise such warrants on a cashless basis is appropriate. Dividends We have not paid any cash dividends on our ordinary shares to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends prior to the completion of a Business Combination. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of a Business Combination. The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to a Business Combination will be within the discretion of our board of directors at such time. If we incur any indebtedness, our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. Our Transfer Agent and Warrant Agent The transfer agent for our ordinary shares and warrant agent for our warrants is Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company. We have agreed to indemnify Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company in its roles as transfer agent and warrant agent, its agents and each of its shareholders, directors, officers and employees against all claims and losses that may arise out of acts performed or omitted for its activities in that capacity, except for any liability due to any gross negligence or intentional misconduct of the indemnified person or entity. Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company has agreed that it has no right of set-off or any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account, and has irrevocably waived any right, title, interest or claim of any kind to, or to any monies in, the trust account that it may have now or in the future. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will only be able to be satisfied, or a claim will only be able to be pursued, solely against us and our assets outside the trust account and not against the any monies in the trust account or interest earned thereon. Certain Differences in Corporate Law Cayman Islands companies are governed by the Companies Act. The Companies Act is modeled on English Law but does not follow recent English Law statutory enactments, and differs from laws applicable to United States corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of the material differences between the provisions of the Companies Act applicable to us and the laws applicable to companies incorporated in the United States and their shareholders. Mergers and Similar Arrangements. In certain circumstances, the Companies Act allows for mergers or consolidations between two Cayman Islands companies, or between a Cayman Islands exempted company and a company incorporated in another jurisdiction (provided that is facilitated by the laws of that other jurisdiction). Where the merger or consolidation is between two Cayman Islands companies, the directors of each company must approve a written plan of merger or consolidation containing certain prescribed information. That plan of merger or consolidation must then be authorized by either (a) a special resolution (at least two-thirds in value of the voting shares voted at a general meeting) of the shareholders of each company; or (b) such other authorization, if any, as may be specified in such constituent company s articles of association. No shareholder resolution is required for a merger between a parent company (i.e., a company that owns at least 90 of the issued shares of each class in a subsidiary company) and its subsidiary company. The consent of each holder of a fixed or floating security interest of a constituent company must be obtained, unless the court waives such requirement. If the Cayman Islands Registrar of Companies is satisfied that the requirements of the Companies Act (which includes certain other formalities) have been complied with, the Registrar of Companies will register the plan of merger or consolidation. Where the merger or consolidation involves a foreign company, the procedure is similar, save that with respect to the foreign company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the merger or consolidation is permitted or not prohibited by the constitutional documents of the foreign company and by the laws of the jurisdiction in which the foreign company is incorporated, and that those laws and any requirements of those constitutional documents have been or will be complied with; (ii) that no petition or other similar proceeding has been filed and remains outstanding or order made or resolution adopted to wind up or liquidate the foreign company in any jurisdictions; (iii) that no receiver, trustee, administrator or other similar person has been appointed in any jurisdiction and is acting in respect of the foreign company, its affairs or its property or any part thereof; (iv) that no scheme, order, 

 compromise or other similar arrangement has been entered into or made in any jurisdiction whereby the rights of creditors of the foreign company are and continue to be suspended or restricted. Where the surviving company is the Cayman Islands exempted company, the directors of the Cayman Islands exempted company are further required to make a declaration to the effect that, having made due enquiry, they are of the opinion that the requirements set out below have been met: (i) that the foreign company is able to pay its debts as they fall due and that the merger or consolidated is bona fide and not intended to defraud unsecured creditors of the foreign company; (ii) that in respect of the transfer of any security interest granted by the foreign company to the surviving or consolidated company (a) consent or approval to the transfer has been obtained, released or waived; (b) the transfer is permitted by and has been approved in accordance with the constitutional documents of the foreign company; and (c) the laws of the jurisdiction of the foreign company with respect to the transfer have been or will be complied with; (iii) that the foreign company will, upon the merger or consolidation becoming effective, cease to be incorporated, registered or exist under the laws of the relevant foreign jurisdiction; and (iv) that there is no other reason why it would be against the public interest to permit the merger or consolidation. Where the above procedures are adopted, the Companies Act provides for a right of dissenting shareholders to be paid a payment of the fair value of their shares upon their dissenting to the merger or consolidation if they follow a prescribed procedure. In essence, that procedure is as follows (a) the shareholder must give his written objection to the merger or consolidation to the constituent company before the vote on the merger or consolidation, including a statement that the shareholder proposes to demand payment for his shares if the merger or consolidation is authorized by the vote; (b) within 20 days following the date on which the merger or consolidation is approved by the shareholders, the constituent company must give written notice to each shareholder who made a written objection; (c) a shareholder must within 20 days following receipt of such notice from the constituent company, give the constituent company a written notice of his intention to dissent including, among other details, a demand for payment of the fair value of his shares; (d) within seven days following the date of the expiration of the period set out in paragraph (b) above or seven days following the date on which the plan of merger or consolidation is filed, whichever is later, the constituent company, the surviving company or the consolidated company must make a written offer to each dissenting shareholder to purchase his shares at a price that the Company determines is the fair value and if the Company and the shareholder agree the price within 30 days following the date on which the offer was made, the Company must pay the shareholder such amount; and (e) if the Company and the shareholder fail to agree a price within such 30 day period, within 20 days following the date on which such 30 day period expires, the Company (and any dissenting shareholder) must file a petition with the Cayman Islands Grand Court to determine the fair value and such petition must be accompanied by a list of the names and addresses of the dissenting shareholders with whom agreements as to the fair value of their shares have not been reached by the Company. At the hearing of that petition, the court has the power to determine the fair value of the shares together with a fair rate of interest, if any, to be paid by the Company upon the amount determined to be the fair value. Any dissenting shareholder whose name appears on the list filed by the Company may participate fully in all proceedings until the determination of fair value is reached. These rights of a dissenting shareholder are not available in certain circumstances, for example, to dissenters holding shares of any class in respect of which an open market exists on a recognized stock exchange or recognized interdealer quotation system at the relevant date or where the consideration for such shares to be contributed are shares of any company listed on a national securities exchange or shares of the surviving or consolidated company. Moreover, Cayman Islands law has separate statutory provisions that facilitate the reconstruction or amalgamation of companies in certain circumstances, schemes of arrangement will generally be more suited for complex mergers or other transactions involving widely held companies, commonly referred to in the Cayman Islands as a scheme of arrangement which may be tantamount to a merger. In the event that a merger was sought pursuant to a scheme of arrangement (the procedures for which are more rigorous and take longer to complete than the procedures typically required to consummate a merger in the United States), the arrangement in question must be approved by a majority in number of each class of shareholders and creditors with whom the arrangement is to be made and who must in addition represent three-fourths in value of each such class of shareholders or creditors, as the case may be, that are present and voting either in person or by proxy at a general meeting, or meeting summoned for that purpose. The convening of the meetings and subsequently the terms of the arrangement must be sanctioned by the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands. While a dissenting shareholder would have the right to express to the court the view that the transaction should not be approved, the court can be expected to approve the arrangement if it satisfies itself that: we are not proposing to act illegally or beyond the scope of our corporate authority and the statutory provisions as to majority vote have been complied with; the shareholders have been fairly represented at the meeting in question; the arrangement is such as a businessman would reasonably approve; and the arrangement is not one that would more properly be sanctioned under some other provision of the Companies Act or that would amount to a fraud on the minority. 

 If a scheme of arrangement or takeover offer (as described below) is approved, any dissenting shareholder would have no rights comparable to appraisal rights (providing rights to receive payment in cash for the judicially determined value of the shares), which would otherwise ordinarily be available to dissenting shareholders of United States corporations. Squeeze-out Provisions. When a takeover offer is made and accepted by holders of 90 of the shares to whom the offer relates is made within four months, the offer or may, within a two-month period, require the holders of the remaining shares to transfer such shares on the terms of the offer. An objection can be made to the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands but this is unlikely to succeed unless there is evidence of fraud, bad faith, collusion or inequitable treatment of the shareholders. Further, transactions similar to a merger, reconstruction and/or an amalgamation may in some circumstances be achieved through means other than these statutory provisions, such as a share capital exchange, asset acquisition or control, or through contractual arrangements, of an operating business. Shareholders Suits. Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands counsel, is not aware of any reported class action having been brought in a Cayman Islands court. Derivative actions have been brought in the Cayman Islands courts, and the Cayman Islands courts have confirmed the availability for such actions. In most cases, we will be the proper plaintiff in any claim based on a breach of duty owed to us, and a claim against (for example) our officers or directors usually may not be brought by a shareholder. However, based both on Cayman Islands authorities and on English authorities, which would in all likelihood be of persuasive authority and be applied by a court in the Cayman Islands, exceptions to the foregoing principle apply in circumstances in which: a company is acting, or proposing to act, illegally or beyond the scope of its authority; the act complained of, although not beyond the scope of the authority, could be effected if duly authorized by more than the number of votes which have actually been obtained; or those who control the Company are perpetrating a fraud on the minority. A shareholder may have a direct right of action against us where the individual rights of that shareholder have been infringed or are about to be infringed. Enforcement of Civil Liabilities. The Cayman Islands has a different body of securities laws as compared to the United States and provides less protection to investors. Additionally, Cayman Islands companies may not have standing to sue before the Federal courts of the United States. We have been advised by Maples and Calder (Hong Kong) LLP, our Cayman Islands legal counsel that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose liabilities against us predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States or any state, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the United States, a judgment obtained in such jurisdiction will be recognized and enforced in the courts of the Cayman Islands at common law, without any re-examination of the merits of the underlying dispute, by an action commenced on the foreign judgment debt in the Grand Court of the Cayman Islands, provided such judgment: (i) is given by a foreign court of competent jurisdiction, (ii) imposes on the judgment debtor a liability to pay a liquidated sum for which the judgment has been given, (iii) is final, (iv) is not in the nature of taxes, a fine, or a penalty; and (v) was not obtained in a manner and is not of a kind the enforcement of which is contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands. However, there is uncertainty with regard to Cayman Islands law on whether judgments of courts of the United States predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the United States or any State will be determined by the courts of the Cayman Islands penal or punitive in nature. If such a determination is made, the courts of the Cayman Islands will not recognize or enforce the judgment against a Cayman Islands company, such as our company. Because such a determination in relation to judgments obtained from U.S. courts under civil liability provisions of U.S. securities laws has not yet been made by a court of the Cayman Islands, it is uncertain whether such judgments would be enforceable in the Cayman Islands. A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. Special Considerations for Exempted Companies. We are an exempted company with limited liability (meaning our public shareholders have no liability, as members of the Company, for liabilities of the Company over and above the amount paid for their shares) under the Companies Act. The Companies Act distinguishes between ordinary resident companies and exempted companies. Any company that is registered in the Cayman Islands but conducts business mainly outside of the Cayman Islands may apply to be registered as an exempted company. The requirements for an exempted company are essentially the same as for an ordinary company except for the exemptions that 

 an exempted company does not have to file an annual return of its shareholders with the Registrar of Companies; an exempted company s register of members is not open to inspection; an exempted company does not have to hold an annual general meeting; an exempted company may issue shares with no par value; an exempted company may obtain an undertaking against the imposition of any future taxation (such undertakings are usually given for 20 years in the first instance); an exempted company may register by way of continuation in another jurisdiction and be deregistered in the Cayman Islands; an exempted company may register as a limited duration company; and an exempted company may register as a segregated portfolio company. Limited liability means that the liability of each shareholder is limited to the amount unpaid by the shareholder on the shares of the Company (except in exceptional circumstances, such as involving fraud, the establishment of an agency relationship or an illegal or improper purpose or other circumstances in which a court may be prepared to pierce or lift the corporate veil). Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association contains provisions designed to provide certain rights and protections relating to our initial public offering that will apply to us until the completion of our initial Business Combination. These provisions cannot be amended without a special resolution. As a matter of Cayman Islands law, a resolution is deemed to be a special resolution where it has been approved by either (i) the holders of at least two-thirds (or any higher threshold specified in a company s articles of association) of a company s voting shares at a general meeting for which notice specifying the intention to propose the resolution as a special resolution has been given; or (ii) if so authorized by a company s articles of association, by a unanimous written resolution of all of the company s voting shareholders. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that special resolutions must be approved either by the holders of at least two-thirds of ordinary shares who attend and vote at a general meeting of the Company (i.e., the lowest threshold permissible under Cayman Islands law), or by a unanimous written resolution of all of our shareholders. Our initial shareholders, who collectively beneficially own 20 of our ordinary shares upon the closing of our initial public offering, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. Specifically, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide, among other things, that: If we are unable to complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but no more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account (less taxes payable and up to 100,000 of interest to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public shareholders rights as shareholders (including the right to receive further liquidation distributions, if any) and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining shareholders and our board of directors, liquidate and dissolve, subject in the case of clauses (ii) and (iii) to our obligations under Cayman Islands law to provide for claims of creditors and in all cases subject to the other requirements of applicable law; Prior to our initial Business Combination, we may not issue additional securities that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on our initial Business Combination; If a shareholder vote on our initial Business Combination is not required by law and we do not decide to hold a shareholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule 13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial Business Combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial Business Combination and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; If our shareholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial Business Combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial Business Combination within the Business Combination Period or (B) with respect to any other material provisions relating to shareholders rights or pre-initial Business Combination activity, we will provide our public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Class A ordinary shares upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including 

 interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our taxes, divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, subject to the limitations and on the conditions described herein; and We will not effectuate our initial Business Combination with another blank check company or a similar company with nominal operations. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the courts of the Cayman Islands shall have exclusive jurisdiction over any claim or dispute arising out of or in connection with our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association or otherwise related in any way to each shareholder s shareholding in us, including but not limited to (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of any fiduciary or other duty owed by any of our current or former director, officer or other employee to us or our shareholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the Companies Act or our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us governed by the internal affairs doctrine (as such concept is recognized under the laws of the United States of America) and that each shareholder irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction of the courts of the Cayman Islands over all such claims or disputes. Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association also provide that, without prejudice to any other rights or remedies that we may have, each of our shareholders acknowledges that damages alone would not be an adequate remedy for any breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum and that accordingly we shall be entitled, without proof of special damages, to the remedies of injunction, specific performance or other equitable relief for any threatened or actual breach of the selection of the courts of the Cayman Islands as exclusive forum. The forum selection provision in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association will not apply to actions or suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act, Exchange Act or any claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are, as a matter of the laws of the United States of America, the sole and exclusive forum for determination of such a claim. In addition, our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide we will not redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001. We may, however, raise funds through the issuance of equity-linked securities or through loans, advances or other indebtedness in connection with our initial Business Combination, including pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop arrangements we may enter into, in order to, among other reasons, satisfy such net tangible assets requirement. The Companies Act permits a company incorporated in the Cayman Islands to amend its memorandum and articles of association with the approval of a special resolution. A company s articles of association may specify that the approval of a higher majority is required but, provided the approval of the required majority is obtained, any Cayman Islands exempted company may amend its memorandum and articles of association regardless of whether its memorandum and articles of association provides otherwise. Accordingly, although we could amend any of the provisions relating to our proposed offering, structure and business plan which are contained in our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association, we view all of these provisions as binding obligations to our shareholders and neither we, nor our officers or directors, will take any action to amend or waive any of these provisions unless we provide dissenting public shareholders with the opportunity to redeem their public shares. Anti-Money Laundering Cayman Islands If any person in the Cayman Islands knows or suspects or has reasonable grounds for knowing or suspecting that another person is engaged in criminal conduct or money laundering or is involved with terrorism or terrorist financing and property and the information for that knowledge or suspicion came to their attention in the course of business in the regulated sector, or other trade, profession, business or employment, the person will be required to report such knowledge or suspicion to (i) the Financial Reporting Authority of the Cayman Islands, pursuant to the Proceeds of Crime Act of the Cayman Islands if the disclosure relates to criminal conduct or money laundering, or (ii) a police officer of the rank of constable or higher, or the Financial Reporting Authority, pursuant to the Terrorism Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands, if the disclosure relates to involvement with terrorism or terrorist financing and property. Such a report shall not be treated as a breach of confidence or of any restriction upon the disclosure of information imposed by any enactment or otherwise. Cayman Islands Data Protection We have certain duties under the Data Protection Act (As Revised) of the Cayman Islands (the DPA based on internationally accepted principles of data privacy. Privacy Notice 

 Introduction This privacy notice puts our shareholders on notice that through your investment in the Company you will provide us with certain personal information which constitutes personal data within the meaning of the DPA personal data ). In the following discussion, the company refers to us and our affiliates and/or delegates, except where the context requires otherwise. Investor Data We will collect, use, disclose, retain and secure personal data to the extent reasonably required only and within the parameters that could be reasonably expected during the normal course of business. We will only process, disclose, transfer or retain personal data to the extent legitimately required to conduct our activities of on an ongoing basis or to comply with legal and regulatory obligations to which we are subject. We will only transfer personal data in accordance with the requirements of the DPA, and will apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of the personal data and against the accidental loss, destruction or damage to the personal data. In our use of this personal data, we will be characterized as a data controller for the purposes of the DPA, while our affiliates and service providers who may receive this personal data from us in the conduct of our activities may either act as our data processors for the purposes of the DPA or may process personal information for their own lawful purposes in connection with services provided to us. We may also obtain personal data from other public sources. Personal data includes, without limitation, the following information relating to a shareholder and/or any individuals connected with a shareholder as an investor: name, residential address, email address, contact details, corporate contact information, signature, nationality, place of birth, date of birth, tax identification, credit history, correspondence records, passport number, bank account details, source of funds details and details relating to the shareholder s investment activity. Who this Affects If you are a natural person, this will affect you directly. If you are a corporate investor (including, for these purposes, legal arrangements such as trusts or exempted limited partnerships) that provides us with personal data on individuals connected to you for any reason in relation your investment in the Company, this will be relevant for those individuals and you should transmit the content of this Privacy Notice to such individuals or otherwise advise them of its content. How the Company May Use Your Personal Data The Company, as the data controller, may collect, store and use personal data for lawful purposes, including, in particular: where this is necessary for the performance of our rights and obligations under any purchase agreements; where this is necessary for compliance with a legal and regulatory obligation to which we are subject (such as compliance with anti-money laundering and FATCA/CRS requirements); and/or where this is necessary for the purposes of our legitimate interests and such interests are not overridden by your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms. Should we wish to use personal data for other specific purposes (including, if applicable, any purpose that requires your consent), we will contact you. Why We May Transfer Your Personal Data In certain circumstances, we may be legally obliged to share personal data and other information with respect to your shareholding with the relevant regulatory authorities such as the Cayman Islands Monetary Authority or the Tax Information Authority. They, in turn, may exchange this information with foreign authorities, including tax authorities. We anticipate disclosing personal data to persons who provide services to us and their respective affiliates (which may include certain entities located outside the US, the Cayman Islands or the European Economic Area), who will process your personal data on our behalf. The Data Protection Measures We Take 

 Any transfer of personal data by us or our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates outside of the Cayman Islands shall be in accordance with the requirements of the DPA. We and our duly authorized affiliates and/or delegates shall apply appropriate technical and organizational information security measures designed to protect against unauthorized or unlawful processing of personal data, and against accidental loss or destruction of, or damage to, personal data. We shall notify you of any personal data breach that is reasonably likely to result in a risk to your interests, fundamental rights or freedoms or those data subjects to whom the relevant personal data relates. Certain Anti-Takeover Provisions of our Amended and Restated Memorandum and Articles of Association Our amended and restated memorandum and articles of association provide that our board of directors will be classified into three classes of directors. As a result, in most circumstances, a person can gain control of our board only by successfully engaging in a proxy contest at two or more annual general meetings. Our authorized but unissued Class A ordinary shares and preference shares are available for future issuances without shareholder approval and could be utilized for a variety of corporate purposes, including future offerings to raise additional capital, acquisitions and employee benefit plans. The existence of authorized but unissued and unreserved Class A ordinary shares and preference shares could render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of us by means of a proxy contest, tender offer, merger or otherwise. Securities Eligible for Future Sale We have 14,375,000 ordinary shares outstanding. Of these shares, the 11,500,000 Class A ordinary shares sold in our initial public offering are freely tradable without restriction or further registration under the Securities Act, except for any Class A ordinary shares purchased by one of our affiliates within the meaning of Rule 144 under the Securities Act. All of the 2,875,000 outstanding Founder Shares and all of the 7,750,000 outstanding Private Placement Warrants are restricted securities under Rule 144, in that they were issued in private transactions not involving a public offering. Rule 144 Pursuant to Rule 144, a person who has beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months would be entitled to sell their securities provided that (i) such person is not deemed to have been one of our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale and (ii) we are subject to the Exchange Act periodic reporting requirements for at least three months before the sale and have filed all required reports under Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act during the 12 months (or such shorter period as we were required to file reports) preceding the sale. Persons who have beneficially owned restricted shares or warrants for at least six months but who are our affiliates at the time of, or at any time during the three months preceding, a sale, would be subject to additional restrictions, by which such person would be entitled to sell within any three-month period only a number of securities that does not exceed the greater of: 1 of the total number of ordinary shares then issued and outstanding, which will equal 143,750 shares currently; or the average weekly reported trading volume of the Class A ordinary shares during the four calendar weeks preceding the filing of a notice on Form 144 with respect to the sale. Sales by our affiliates under Rule 144 are also limited by manner of sale provisions and notice requirements and to the availability of current public information about us. Restrictions on the Use of Rule 144 by Shell Companies or Former Shell Companies Rule 144 is not available for the resale of securities initially issued by shell companies (other than Business Combination related shell companies) or issuers that have been at any time previously a shell company. However, Rule 144 also includes an important exception to this prohibition if the following conditions are met: the issuer of the securities that was formerly a shell company has ceased to be a shell company; the issuer of the securities is subject to the reporting requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Exchange Act; 

 the issuer of the securities has filed all Exchange Act reports and material required to be filed, as applicable, during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the issuer was required to file such reports and materials), other than Current Reports on Form 8-K; and at least one year has elapsed from the time that the issuer filed current Form 10 type information with the SEC reflecting its status as an entity that is not a shell company. As a result, our initial shareholders will be able to sell their Founder Shares and Private Placement Warrants, as applicable, pursuant to Rule 144 without registration one year after we have completed our initial Business Combination. Registration Rights The holders of the (i) Founder Shares, which were issued in a private placement prior to the closing of our initial public offering, (ii) Private Placement Warrants, which will be issued in a private placement simultaneously with the closing of our initial public offering and the Class A ordinary shares underlying such Private Placement Warrants and (iii) Private Placement Warrants that may be issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans will have registration rights to require us to register a sale of any of our securities held by them pursuant to the registration rights agreement signed on the effective date of our initial public offering. Pursuant to the registration rights agreement, that 1,500,000 of Working Capital Loans are converted into Private Placement Warrants, we will be obligated to register up to 12,125,000 Class A ordinary shares and 19,875,000 warrants. The number of Class A ordinary shares includes (i) 2,875,000 Class A ordinary shares to be issued upon conversion of the Founder Shares, (ii) 7,750,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants and (iii) 1,500,000 Class A ordinary shares underlying the Private Placement Warrants issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. The number of warrants includes (i) 7,750,000 Private Placement Warrants and (ii) 1,500,000 issued upon conversion of Working Capital Loans. The holders of these securities are entitled to make up to three demands, excluding short form demands, that we register such securities. In addition, the holders have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed subsequent to our completion of our initial Business Combination. We will bear the expenses incurred in connection with the filing of any such registration statements. Listing of Securities Our units, public shares and Public Warrants are each traded on Nasdaq under the symbols CHEAU, CHEA, and CHEAW, respectively. Our Units commenced public trading on April 28, 2022 and our public shares and Public Warrants commenced separate public trading on June 23, 2022. Our Class B ordinary shares are not listed on any exchange. 

</EX-4.5>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 chea-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

EXHIBIT 31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Shibin Wang, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Chenghe Acquisition Co.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Shibin Wang Shibin Wang Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 chea-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

EXHIBIT 31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Zhiyang Zhou, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 of Chenghe Acquisition Co.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. [Paragraph omitted pursuant to SEC Release Nos. 33-8238/34-47986 and 33-8392/34-49313]; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. Date: March 31, 2023 By: /s/ Zhiyang Zhou Zhiyang Zhou Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 chea-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

EXHIBIT 32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Chenghe Acquisition Co. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Shibin Wang, Chief Executive Officer and Director of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Shibin Wang Name: Shibin Wang Title: Chief Executive Officer and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 chea-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

EXHIBIT 32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report of Chenghe Acquisition Co. (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Zhiyang Zhou, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge: (1) the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and (2) the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. Date: March 31, 2023 /s/ Zhiyang Zhou Name: Zhiyang Zhou Title: Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 chea-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 chea-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 chea-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 chea-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

