<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230307_10-K_edgar_data_1833197_0001558370-23-003042.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>15611975</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>406625</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2239144</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>5311483</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2679546</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4569571</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>15</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001558370-23-003042.hdr.sgml : 20230307
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230307163125
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001558370-23-003042
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		143
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230307
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230307

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Latham Group, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001833197
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PLASTICS PRODUCTS, NEC [3089]
		IRS NUMBER:				832797583
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40358
		FILM NUMBER:		23713031

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		787 WATERVLIET SHAKER ROAD
		CITY:			LATHAM
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12110
		BUSINESS PHONE:		800-833-3800

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		787 WATERVLIET SHAKER ROAD
		CITY:			LATHAM
		STATE:			NY
		ZIP:			12110

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Latham Topco, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20201120

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001558370-23-003042.txt : 20230307

10-K
 1
 swim-20221231x10k.htm
 10-K

Table of Contents 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 

 FORM 

 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the fiscal year ended , OR TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 For the transition period from to Commission file number: LATHAM GROUP, Inc. (Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) , , (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) (Registrant s telephone number, including area code) Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

The Stock Market LLC 

 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act . Yes Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act . Yes Indicate by check mark whether the registrant: (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days . No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. Large accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report . If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b- 2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No As of March 2, 2023, shares of the registrant s common stock, 0.0001 par value were outstanding. The aggregate market value of common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant based on the last reported sale price of the registrant s common stock on the Nasdaq Global Select Market on July 1, 2022, which was the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, was . For purposes of this computation, the registrant has excluded the market value of all shares of its common stock reported as being beneficially owned by executive officers and directors; such exclusion shall not, however, be deemed to constitute an admission that any such person is an affiliate of the registrant. DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE Portions of the registrant s definitive proxy statement for use in connection with its 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which is to be filed no later than 120 days after December 31, 2022, are incorporated by reference into Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page PART I Item 1. Business 3 Item 1A. Risk Factors 15 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 34 Item 2. Properties 35 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 36 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 36 PART II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 37 Item 6. Reserved 38 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 39 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 57 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 59 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 108 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 108 Item 9B. Other Information 109 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 109 PART III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance 110 Item 11. Executive Compensation 110 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 110 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 110 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 110 PART IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 111 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 113 Signatures 114 
 2 

Table of Contents 
 PART I Item 1. Business Overview We are the largest designer, manufacturer, and marketer of in-ground residential swimming pools in North America, Australia, and New Zealand. We hold the #1 position in North America in every product category in which we compete. We believe that we are the most sought-after brand in the pool industry and the only pool company that has established a direct relationship with the homeowner. We are Latham, The Pool Company TM . With an operating history that spans over 65 years, we offer the industry s broadest portfolio of pools and related products, including in-ground swimming pools, pool liners, and pool covers. We have a heritage of innovation. In an industry that has traditionally marketed on a business-to-business basis (pool manufacturer to dealer), we pioneered the first direct-to-homeowner digital and social marketing strategy that has transformed the homeowner s purchase journey. Through this marketing strategy, we are able to create demand for our pools and to provide high quality, purchase-ready consumer leads to our dealer partners. Partnership with our dealers is integral to our collective success, and we have enjoyed long-tenured relationships averaging over 14 years. We support our dealer network with business development tools, co-branded marketing programs, and in-house training. Our operations consist of over 2,000 employees across over 30 locations. The broad geographic reach of our manufacturing and distribution network allows us to deliver a fiberglass pool in a cost-effective manner. The full resources of our company are dedicated to designing and manufacturing high-quality pool products, with the homeowner in mind, and to position ourselves as a value-added partner to our dealers. Industry We are the leader in the large and growing residential in-ground swimming pool industry. Over the last decade, macroeconomic trends have driven an increase in reinvestment in the home, and we expect that consumers will continue to focus a portion of their rest-and-relaxation spending on exterior living spaces as they look for more ways to spend time outdoors. Fiberglass pools are underpenetrated in the United States residential in-ground swimming pool market relative to other geographic markets. As a result of material conversion away from legacy pool construction materials, growth in sales of fiberglass pools in the United States is meaningfully outpacing that of the broader in-ground swimming pool market. Despite this growth, fiberglass pools still have significant runway for growth in the United States relative to comparable international markets. This conversion to fiberglass pools from legacy pool construction materials, such as concrete, is being driven by greater homeowner awareness of the benefits of fiberglass products, including: Lower up-front and lifecycle costs . Fiberglass pools cost less and have lower repair expenses compared to concrete pools. Faster and easier installation . Based on our knowledge of our dealers, we believe fiberglass pools can be installed in as little as two to three days, compared to up to three months for concrete pools. 
 3 

Table of Contents 
 Premium quality and aesthetics . We believe our fiberglass pool offering is the most attractive swimming pool offering on the market. Our special finishing process allows for traction where you need it (such as steps) and a smooth and lustrous finish everywhere else. Less chemicals . The smooth non-porous finish of fiberglass dramatically reduces the need for harsh chemicals to treat the pool. It also allows homeowners to opt for an eye- and skin-friendly saltwater pool, without concern for corrosion. Lifetime warranty . Our fiberglass pools are guaranteed to the original purchaser for a lifetime and do not need to be resurfaced or repainted every eight to ten years like legacy materials. 
 Pool manufacturers have traditionally marketed to dealers rather than to homeowners. As a result, both manufacturers and homeowners have depended on dealers to educate homeowners and move them through their pool buying journey. The dealership market is highly-fragmented, consisting primarily of small, family-owned businesses. In addition, concrete pool installers face a number of challenges, particularly as a result, we believe, of many skilled tradesmen leaving the industry. Each of these factors, paired with the long-term positive demand trends in the industry, contribute to the supply constraint in the pool market. Growth and Strategy Utilize Leading Brand and Digital Assets to Generate Greater Homeowner Lead Volumes Since 2019, we have increased spending on digital strategies and marketing. Our content-rich digital platform provides homeowners with education and engagement tools that help them to navigate their pool buying journey, including an unrivaled pool visualization experience, informational videos and resources, budget calculators, and a pool expert community consisting of a blog and direct homeowner outreach. The implementation of our new digital strategy has resulted in superior search engine optimization performance. We have boosted leads for our dealers, further strengthening Latham with our dealer base. Accelerate Fiberglass Material Conversion through Unique Market Positioning As the leader in the fiberglass pool product category, we are driving the acceleration of material conversion, especially from concrete pools to fiberglass, by educating both homeowners and dealer partners about the superior benefits of fiberglass. Our marketing campaigns and digital platform, including our easy to use interactive website and mobile app, inform homeowners on the benefits of fiberglass, which include lower up-front and total cost of ownership, quicker installation, easier maintenance, and a more convenient buying experience. The Latham Augmented Reality Pool Visualizer app allows homeowners to browse fiberglass models and to select from a variety of options from their mobile device. At Latham University, our dealer partners discover firsthand the benefits of fiberglass pools, including the ease and speed of installation. Dealers also learn both basic and advanced fiberglass pool installation techniques. Secure Additional Strategic Partnerships with Priority Dealers to Gain Share Our approach as a true business partner with our dealers positions us to take market share in our industry. We have secured exclusivity from many of our top dealer partners, including the nation s largest franchised dealer network, Premier Pools Spas. As the only participant with national distribution in the fiberglass pool product category, we intend to continue pursuing strategic partnerships with priority dealers in underpenetrated geographical markets that can help us accelerate our growth. Grow Industry Capacity by Onboarding and Training New Dealer Partners We believe that there is a tremendous opportunity to expand the capacity of skilled dealer partners to support overall industry growth and our continued market penetration. As such, we intend to continue to use our leadership position in the industry to educate small business owners currently installing concrete pools, as well as those in related trades, about the economic opportunities available in the fiberglass product category of the pool market. We further 
 4 

Table of Contents 
 intend to onboard, train, and support them with the same emphasis we have placed on our existing dealer partnerships, including our co-branding programs, Latham University, and our Business Excellence coaching, designed to help them manage their growth. Leveraging our investments and management expertise, we should be able to play a key role in growing the industry s capacity. Expand Margins through Mix Shift Towards Fiberglass and Productivity Initiatives We believe that our consumer-centric marketing and compelling value proposition to our dealer partners will continue to drive long-term growth for our fiberglass pools. We have made significant manufacturing capacity investments not only to support this future growth, but also to continue to deliver the compelling margin profile of our fiberglass pool offering. We believe we can increase our margins significantly as we grow into our capacity investments and our product mix continues to shift towards fiberglass pools. Additionally, we expect that our investments in people, processes, and equipment aimed at enhancing our manufacturing productivity will further expand our margins. Strategic Acquisitions that Enhance the Latham Platform The pool industry offers attractive opportunities to utilize strategic acquisitions to drive consolidation and expand our product offering. We have historically used strategic acquisitions to expand our geographic reach within the United States and internationally, enhance our product portfolio, and drive operational efficiencies. We will continue to focus on acquiring high-quality, market-leading businesses with teams, capabilities, and technologies that are complementary to our existing offerings and that enable us to better serve homeowners and dealer partners. Products Our residential pool product portfolio is highly complementary and allows us to provide a wide-range of solutions to our homeowners. Our products are recognized by homeowners, dealers, and distributors for their quality, durability, performance, compelling value proposition, ease of installation and diverse style and design options. Over our history, we have leveraged our differentiated portfolio of products, manufacturing capabilities, customer service, and homeowner connectivity to develop a reputation as an innovative and dependable partner to our dealers and distributors. Additionally, the connectivity that we have built with our homeowners has provided us with the insights needed to stay ahead of homeowner demand trends that shape our market. Our broad and compelling product offering, proven ability to serve as a value added partner to our dealers and distributors, and our connectivity with homeowners have been critical in achieving the leading position in every pool product category in which we compete. Below is a summary of our products. In-ground Swimming Pools Fiberglass Pools We believe we are the #1 fiberglass pool manufacturer by volume in North America. Demand for our fiberglass pools is driven by both accelerating material conversion from legacy pool construction materials, especially concrete, and the long-term value, through both lower up-front and lifecycle costs, that our pools deliver to our homeowners. We offer an extensive portfolio of fiberglass pools with customizable features that include unique colors, elaborate finishes, floor mosaics, lighting options, water features, in-floor cleaning, tanning ledges, and spillover spas. Our pools come in a variety of different sizes and are known by homeowners for their premium quality and aesthetics. Our fiberglass pools offer significant cost, installation, and maintenance advantages over traditional concrete pools. Our innovative product portfolio is made up of a carbon fiber, Kevlar, and fiberglass build and is backed by a lifetime warranty to the original purchaser, providing our homeowners with peace of mind and security. Based on our knowledge of our dealers, we believe fiberglass pools can be installed in as little as two to three days, compared to three months for comparable concrete pools. While we believe that our fiberglass pools are the future of the industry and meet the majority of the market of pools sold, fiberglass pools do have some limitations. Because of shipping considerations, they are subject to certain size 
 5 

Table of Contents 
 limits. Although we offer a broad portfolio of design choices, fiberglass pools can be less customizable than concrete and vinyl. The vinyl packaged pools that Latham sells are similar to concrete pools in terms of flexibility. Investments in innovation and product development have led to historical growth of our fiberglass pool sales, with increased potential for further growth and margin expansion. Packaged Pools We believe that we are also the leader by volume in the custom vinyl pool product category of the North American residential in-ground swimming pool market. Our leadership has been driven by our high-quality product offering, which is fully customizable and allows homeowners to choose from a wide range of colors and features (built-in sun ledges, benches, entry systems, and spillover spas), as well as our best-in-class national distribution network. Our custom vinyl pools are high-quality, and we believe that they are the most aesthetically pleasing on the market. Custom vinyl pools offer the most attractive homeowner economics when compared to any other material, and they can be installed faster and withstand weather better than concrete pools. The wall system for our custom vinyl pools is built of either non-corrosive steel or composite polymer, which provides our dealers with ease of installation. In November 2021, Latham expanded our product offering and entered the vinyl-lined, aluminum-walled in-ground pool category with our purchase of Radiant Pools. Radiant Pools uses patented technology, derived from aerospace engineering, to make structurally insulated aluminum wall panels, which makes its products a durable and aesthetically pleasing option for homeowners. These pools can be built completely in-ground, semi-in-ground or above ground. Vinyl-lined, aluminum-walled pools are generally more affordable than other in-ground pools, and they offer homeowners a cost efficient way to enjoy the ultimate backyard experience. Liners We believe we are the #1 replacement liner manufacturer in the North American residential in-ground swimming pool market, serving a market with large, non-discretionary replacement demand. Vinyl liners are a required component for the interior surface of a vinyl pool and our liners are highly customizable in shape, size, color, and pattern. Vinyl liners typically need to be replaced every eight to ten years. We believe replacement vinyl liners provide us with a significant avenue to stable recurring revenue. Covers There are two types of covers in the pool market, automatic safety covers and all-season pool covers. Automatic safety covers operate with a switch and are used in the pool season to cover the pool after a refreshing swim. All-season pool covers generally go on after the swimming season. They protect the pool and its immediate surroundings from debris and weather, and they also provide safety for homeowners and their guests. We believe that Latham holds the top position in the category for automatic safety covers in North America. Our automatic safety covers provide increased safety, especially for children, and convenience for our homeowners while also driving savings by reducing energy, chemical and cleaning costs, and lowering water evaporation. Additionally, more and more pool owners are buying covers as local building codes push for safer pools. We also offer the most complete automatic safety cover portfolio when compared to our competitors, since our products range in mix from affordable luxury options to premium covers. Additionally, our automatic safety covers are compatible with fiberglass, vinyl, and concrete pools of almost any shape and size, driving homeowner preference for the CoverStar TM brand. We believe we are the leader in the category for all-season pool covers by volume in North America. Our winterizing mesh and solid covers are used during the off-season, reducing maintenance requirements for our homeowners. While these covers extend the lives of our homeowners pools, they typically need to be replaced every eight to ten years, providing us with significant replacement demand. Since our covers can be used for any pool, regardless of materials, shape, or size, we are able to replace covers for both our legacy homeowners and homeowners previously served by smaller, regional players. 
 6 

Table of Contents 
 Brands In 2019, we unified our corporate branding and consolidated legacy in-ground swimming pool brands in North America under one banner, Latham. We relaunched our website under the Latham brand in February 2020 and streamlined our go-to-market approach by making the Latham brand the center of our strategy. This enabled us to increase our brand awareness with homeowners and to create the only consumer focused brand in the category. Our literature for dealers, marketing materials, our website, social media, advertising and promotion and our co-branding of dealer premises each reflect the Latham branding. Our sub-brands, which sit under the Latham master brand, include Narellan TM , CoverStar TM , and GLI, among others. Distribution Our products are sold through both one-step and two-step business-to-business distribution channels. In our one-step distribution channel, which we exclusively use to sell our fiberglass pools, we sell our products directly to dealers who, in turn, sell our products to homeowners. In our two-step distribution channel, we sell our products to distributors who warehouse our products and sell them to dealers, who ultimately sell our products to homeowners. In order to strengthen our relationship with our loyal dealer partners, we have implemented our Latham Grand dealer program, whereby we have secured exclusivity with over 250 of our largest dealers in North America. Included in this dealer population is the largest franchised dealer network in the United States, Premier Pools Spas. We also have a strong distribution network with over 450 distributor branch locations that represent our products. Through our significant investment in partnerships with dealers and distributors and our consumer-oriented marketing efforts, we have created both a push and pull dynamic for our products in the marketplace. Our Latham Grand dealers, like all of our dealers, are our customers and not our agents. Our agreements with our Latham Grand dealers provide for various benefits to the dealers, such as early access to customer leads, access to in-store advertising and exterior branding, basic and advanced installation training sessions, a dedicated and customized website landing page, technical support, early access to new models, and other sales support. Latham Grand dealers agree to use us as their exclusive provider of fiberglass pools. Latham Grand dealers also agree, among other things, to receive fiberglass training and to meet annual targets for fiberglass pool installations. Each Latham Grand dealer agrees to operate only in specified territories, and we agree to reasonably consider impacts on the dealer s market opportunities prior to appointing additional dealers in the same territory. Our agreements with our Latham Grand dealers are generally perpetual and terminable at will by both parties. Our exclusive supply agreement with Premier Pools Spas governs the sales of certain of our products to Premier Pools Spas franchisees. We agree to provide training support, marketing materials and, upon prior written request, on-site field support with respect to the first installation of a product by any franchisee of Premier Pools Spas. We also agree to provide certain franchisees with an annual allowance for use in marketing activities and marketing co-op funds, subject to certain conditions, and to provide rebates as a percentage of sales to Premier Pools Spas. We have long-term relationships with both our dealers and distributors. Our largest distributor, which provides valuable local market support with a network of over 290 locations, accounted for 20.3 of our net sales in 2022, 25.0 of our net sales in 2021, and 22.3 of our net sales in 2020. We have maintained a strong relationship with our largest distributor for over 25 years, as well as with the distributor s nationwide network of operators, who are responsible for daily operations and purchasing decisions. Our top ten dealer and distributor relationships accounted for 39.4 of our net sales in 2022, 46.0 of our net sales in 2021 and 41.1 of our net sales in 2020. Manufacturing We are a global manufacturer based in the United States, delivering quality products with a competitive cost position. Our manufacturing processes require significant capital investment, footprint, expertise, and time to develop. We have continuously invested the capital necessary to expand our manufacturing capacity and to improve our manufacturing processes. We will have sufficient capacity to support our near term growth once we have completed our 
 7 

Table of Contents 
 current multi-year capital plan to invest in our facilities, technologies, and systems. We use our own fleet of trucks and drivers, as well as third-party common carriers to ship our finished products. In-ground Swimming Pools The manufacture of fiberglass pools requires highly specialized equipment and a technically skilled workforce. We manufacture fiberglass pools by applying the various layers of materials onto a mold, ending with the fiberglass finish that gives these pools their name. We have a broad and diverse mold portfolio designed to meet customer needs. We use an eight-layer building process to provide an industry-leading thickness and durability formula for our fiberglass pools. We also use finite element analysis, which is a computerized method for predicting how a product reacts to real-world forces, vibration, heat, fluid flow, and other physical effects. This allows us to model the fiberglass pools that we build to minimize the risk that there are any structural weak points in the design(s). Our use of a flow controlled material delivery system allows us to ensure that we are applying the appropriate mixture of resin and material, and to align the mixture to the temperature and humidity of the local environment of our production plant. In addition to the technical know-how and equipment, the manufacturing of fiberglass pools requires local and state air permits in each of our manufacturing plants. We have existing air permits to accommodate our current fiberglass manufacturing capacity, and we work with local, state, and federal agencies to increase capacity limits as needed. Our coast-to-coast network of facilities provides, on average, lower transportation costs and shorter lead times compared to smaller, regional manufacturers in our sector. Over-highway transportation costs of fiberglass pools become increasingly expensive beyond a 400-500 mile radius, a cost that is typically passed to the homeowner. In addition, Latham has our own fleet of delivery vehicles and drivers, who complement our third party distributor partners and provide us with greater surety of timely delivering during the peak building season. Once our fiberglass pools are delivered to their destination, our dealers provide quality installation and support to homeowners. The manufacture of our custom vinyl pools requires different techniques based on the product type. For our polymer wall vinyl pools, we have a facility that produces all of our polymer panels on structural foam equipment, which requires unique and specialized molds for each panel, as well as a system to inject the resin into the molds. Our highly-engineered plastic molding machines provide us the leading edge capability to mold high-quality structural panels in customized, proprietary shapes. For our steel panel vinyl pools, we have various processes and highly-engineered metal processing machines that have the capability to convert flat coil steel through various steps into panels that have been punched, bent, seamed, welded, and stacked. The use of a multi-head soft tooling cartridge allows simple and fast change-over times and high tolerance performance. We also have customized jigs and equipment to produce special sized panels as needed. We manufacture our steps for pools based on the steel and fiberglass processes described above. We also have a thermoforming machine that produces all of our thermoformed one piece drop-in steps utilizing a wide variety of specialized molds of various shapes and sizes. Liners We manufacture a complete line of both sonically and heat welded vinyl pool liners for both above and in-ground swimming pool applications, with what we believe is the most technologically advanced processing of vinyl sonic welding in the industry. We have installed specialized machines across our liner and cover facilities in North America, which has allowed us to gain a significant advantage over the competition. Our Ultra-Seam TM technology provides an industry-leading capability to address seam tear or separation. We have production capacity to support custom liners at or better than the industry standard delivery window, from design to shipment. Covers Our automatic safety cover manufacturing facilities cut, sew, and assemble highly engineered motorized safety covers in a build-to-order model at or better than the industry standard delivery window, from design to shipment. Our 
 8 

Table of Contents 
 automatic safety cover business leverages our capabilities around machining, cut/sew, sonic welding, and assembly operations to provide a recessed/concealed covering application for in-ground swimming pool cover products. Our traveling heat welding machine provides an industry-leading seam for durability and finish. Our processing equipment offers tight tolerance and flexible manufacturing with compressed lead times across the various laser cutters, bending, assembly, and test equipment. Our all-season covers are manufactured on the same equipment as our liners. Sales and Marketing Traditionally we have relied heavily on a business-to-business model built on strong partnerships with our dealers and distributors to generate awareness of our products. In parallel with our 2020 rebranding, we pivoted to a direct-to-homeowner digital and social marketing strategy that puts the consumer at the center of our marketing efforts. Latham s unique direct-to-homeowner marketing strategy is driving a greater understanding of the benefits of owning a pool, specifically a fiberglass pool, and generating significant consumer demand. We have made meaningful, ongoing investments to position Latham as the brand of choice for the homeowner. Our continued investment in innovation, product quality, and consumer engagement has been a key driver of our sales growth. We are increasingly responsible for our own lead generation, including via our online platform, mobile app, and consumer hotline. This allows us to provide higher quality, purchase-ready leads to our dealer partners. Our new digital platform engages the consumer early in the pool buying process and facilitates the buying journey from inspiration and design to a Latham pool purchase. Our Latham Augmented Reality Pool Visualizer app, along with our website, allow homeowners to re-imagine their outdoor living spaces and directly connects them to a dealer of our choice. For example, our website has visualization tools that allow homeowners to browse through the variety of pool shapes, sizes, colors, patterns, details, and specifications that we offer to choose their pool or their pool liner. Once chosen, homeowners can save the illustrated PDF file and take it to a local dealer to purchase. In addition, our Latham Augmented Reality Pool Visualizer app provides the technology for homeowners to visualize a Latham pool in their own backyard. The interactive nature allows homeowners to compare a variety of pool types and shapes and, when ready, directly contact a dealer without leaving the app. We maintain a sales organization throughout North America, Australia, and New Zealand that works with dealers and distributors and focuses on increased penetration, dealer growth, and dealer share of wallet. An example of this was the 2020 launch of Latham Grand, a valued-added program that drives dealers toward a 100 exclusive relationship with Latham. Once Latham Grand dealers become exclusive, we invest in them through localized marketing spend, co-branding opportunities, tailored offerings, and priority lead generation. We also provide our dealers with enhanced product literature, in-store display samples, and other initiatives to drive sales. We have directed a significant portion of our advertising spend to digital channels, including social media and search advertising. Our improved digital marketing engine has the ability to strategically target market spend and to generate leads in territories where dealers have capacity, in under-penetrated markets, and in the largest in-ground swimming pool markets. Through focused demonstrations, education, product training, and other sales support efforts, we are raising the level of professionalism of our dealers to help facilitate higher lead conversion rates and quality installations, thereby driving the consumer demand. We established Latham University in Zephyrhills, Florida, where we provide both start-up training and education on fiberglass pool advantages and best practice, sales training, and advanced pool installation to our dealers. Additionally, we provide on-site installation assistance to our new dealer partners on their initial fiberglass pool installation. We recently announced the launch of Measure by Latham Measure ), a proprietary advanced AI-powered device that dramatically reduces dealer time and error in measuring swimming pool vinyl liners and safety covers. Measure is an end-to-end solution that will provide dealers with a simple, cost-effective user experience, high-performance measuring accuracy, and a modernized ordering process. To facilitate the decision to buy, we offer warranties for our products. In addition, to assist consumers in financing their pool purchase, we connect them to specialist pool financing providers with which we partner. 
 9 

Table of Contents 
 Raw Materials and Suppliers We utilize a centralized sourcing model that includes a dedicated team of procurement professionals so that we can coordinate and leverage our purchases across a diverse supplier base. Our centralized sourcing model complements our growth to achieve competitive costs and to ensure supply availability. The manufacturing facilities coordinate all material deliveries with respect to volume and timing to ensure proper alignment between consumption and working capital programs. In 2022, we purchased supplies from over 275 suppliers, with 63 of supplies being purchased from our top ten suppliers and 17 of supplies being purchased from our largest supplier. The primary raw materials used in our products are PVC, galvanized steel, fiberglass, aluminum, Kevlar fiber, carbon fiber, various resins, gelcoat, polypropylene fabric, ceramics, and roving. Our supply agreements with key suppliers are typically negotiated on an annual basis. The cost of the raw materials used in our manufacturing processes has historically varied and has been affected by changes in supply and demand. We have minimal fixed-price contracts with our major vendors. We have not entered into hedges of our raw material costs at this time, but we may choose to enter into such hedges in the future. Prices for spot market purchases are negotiated on a continuous basis in line with current market prices. Other than occasional strategic purchases of larger quantities of certain raw materials, we generally buy materials on an as-needed basis. Changes in prices of our raw materials have a direct impact on our cost of sales. We strive to maintain strong and collaborative relationships with our suppliers and believe that the sources for these inputs are well-established, generally available on world markets, and in sufficient quantity. We do not undertake defined purchase agreements requiring fixed commitments or take or pay requirements with our suppliers. If one or more suppliers were unable to satisfy our requirements for particular raw materials, we believe alternative sources of supply would be available, although we could experience a disruption to our operations as alternative suppliers are identified and qualified and new supply arrangements are entered into. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Operations and Industry We depend on a global network of third-party suppliers to provide components and raw materials essential to the manufacturing of our pools and price increases or deviations in the quantity or quality of the raw materials used to manufacture our products could adversely affect our net sales and operating results and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Factors Affecting Our Performance Cost and Availability of Materials. Competition We are the leader in the North American in-ground residential swimming pool market, holding the #1 position by volume in each of our product categories. We also operate in New Zealand and Australia, where we hold the #1 position by volume in the fiberglass pools category in both Australia and New Zealand, according to management estimates. We compete with regional and local manufacturers on the basis of a number of considerations, including brand recognition and loyalty, quality, performance, product characteristics, marketing, product development, sales and distribution, and price. We believe we compete favorably with respect to these factors through our differentiated consumer value proposition; brand, breadth, and quality of our product portfolio; national manufacturing footprint in the United States; leading sales force; and large network of dealers. The main alternative to vinyl and fiberglass pools are concrete pools, which are built in the ground and are constructed by pouring concrete over steel rods to create the shell of the pool. Concrete pools are highly customizable when compared to fiberglass pools (which use a pre-manufactured shell), but they require frequent and more costly maintenance than fiberglass. In contrast to concrete pools, fiberglass pools are subject to shipping limitations and, as a result, their width cannot exceed certain size. Based on our knowledge of our dealers, we believe it takes approximately three months to install a concrete pool. We do not participate in the concrete pool market other than to provide automatic safety covers and all-season covers for concrete pools. We believe that the shift in material from concrete to fiberglass that the North American in-ground swimming pool industry is undergoing will favor our products. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Operations and Industry We face competition both from within our industry and from other outdoor living products and if we are not able to compete effectively, our prospects for future success will be jeopardized. and Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Factors Affecting Our Performance Volume of Products Sold. 
 10 

Table of Contents 
 Seasonality Although we generally have demand for our products throughout the year, our business is seasonal, and weather is one of the principal external factors affecting the business. In general, net sales and net income are highest during spring and summer, representing the peak months of swimming pool use, pool installation, and remodeling and repair activities. Calendar years having severe weather also play a role in affecting sales growth, as particularly rainy or cold years tend to slow the volume of sales, including as a result of complicating conditions for pool installations. See Risk Factors Risks Related to Our Operations and Industry Adverse weather conditions could negatively impact our sales, as well as result in significant variability of sales in reporting periods. Intellectual Property We rely on trademark and service mark protection to protect our brands, and we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks and service marks. In particular, we believe the Latham brand is significant to the success of our business. We also rely on a combination of unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets, and to a lesser extent, patents to preserve our position in the market. As we develop technologies and processes that we believe are innovative, we assess the patentability of new intellectual property. In addition, we employ various other methods, including confidentiality and nondisclosure agreements with third parties and employees who have access to trade secrets, to protect our trade secrets and know-how. Our intellectual property rights may be challenged by third parties and may not be effective in excluding competitors from using the same or similar technologies, brands, or works. Human Capital Resources As of December 31, 2022, we had 2,198 full-time employees, of whom 230 were based outside of North America. Our workforce is not unionized. We believe we have good relations with our employees. Our reputation for exceptional quality relies on having exceptional people, so we ensure that our team is rewarded, engaged, and developed to build ful lling careers. We provide competitive employee wages that are appropriate to employee positions, skill levels, experience, knowledge, and geographic location, and we provide additional rewards including incentive plans, bonus plans, and achievement awards. We benchmark our bene ts plan annually to ensure our employee value proposition remains competitive and attractive to new talent. The health and safety of our people is a primary concern for us, so we have implemented a comprehensive health and safety program to manage workplace safety hazards and to protect employees. We provide regular training and competency development to verify and ensure compliance with health and safety procedures and regulations. In the post-pandemic world, we continue to drive community health safety guidelines and best practices for employee wellness gained from our COVID-19 experience. Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion Diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging are fundamental principles in our culture. We are committed to fostering, cultivating, celebrating, and preserving a culture of diversity, equity, inclusion, and belonging among our employees, customers, and suppliers. Latham s diversity initiatives include, but are not limited to, our practices and policies on recruitment and selection; compensation; benefits plan design; professional development and training; promotions; transfers; internal communications; social and recreational programs; terminations; and both ongoing development of a work environment that encourages and enforces respectful communication, teamwork, work/life balance, and engaging in community efforts that promote a greater understanding and respect for the principles of diversity. Health, Safety, and Wellness Our health and safety policies and practices include an employee training and competency development program to train, verify, and encourage compliance with health and safety procedures and regulations annually. We 
 11 

Table of Contents 
 monitor our total recordable incident rate monthly and review workplace injury and claims trends with our carriers monthly to identify areas of focus and opportunities for implementing new programs to protect our employees. Acquisitions and Partnerships We have made four acquisitions since 2018: the purchase of certain fiberglass pool manufacturing assets in Seminole, Oklahoma in November 2022; the purchase of Radiant Pools in November 2021, a manufacturer of vinyl-lined and aluminum-walled swimming pools; the purchase of GLI, a vinyl liner and safety cover manufacturer based in Ohio, in October 2020; and the purchase of Narellan, a manufacturer of fiberglass pools in Australia and New Zealand in May 2019. We also made a strategic investment in October 2020 by acquiring a 28 interest in Premier Pools Spas, a pool builder focusing on in-ground swimming pools (which was reduced in connection with a partial sale to 20.1 on August 6, 2021). On December 17, 2021, Premier Pools Spas issued additional non-voting common units. Our ownership interest in Premier Pools Spas after the issuance of additional non-voting common units is 18.2 while our voting interest remains 20.1 . We anticipate that we will continue to look to grow our portfolio of outdoor living products through further acquisitions. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Key Factors Affecting Our Performance Acquisitions and Partnerships. Environmental, Health and Safety Laws and Regulations Our operations and properties are subject to extensive and frequently changing federal, state, and local environmental protection and health and safety laws, regulations, and ordinances. These laws, regulations, and ordinances, among other matters, govern activities and operations that may have adverse environmental effects, such as discharges to air, soil, and water, and establish standards for the handling of hazardous and toxic substances and the handling and disposal of solid and hazardous wastes. Certain of our operations require environmental, health and safety permits, or other approvals from governmental authorities, and certain of these permits and approvals are subject to expiration, denial, revocation, or modification under various circumstances. Those requirements obligate us to obtain and maintain permits from one or more governmental agencies in order to conduct our operations. Such permits are typically issued by state agencies, but permits and approvals may also be required from federal or local governmental agencies. As with all governmental permitting processes, there is a degree of uncertainty as to whether a permit will be granted, the time it will take for a permit to be issued, and the conditions that may be imposed in connection with the granting of the permit. Compliance with these laws, regulations, permits, and approvals is a significant factor in our business. From time to time, we incur significant capital and operating expenditures to achieve and maintain compliance with applicable environmental, health and safety laws, regulations, permits, and approvals. Our failure to comply with applicable environmental, health and safety laws and regulations, or permit or approval requirements, could result in substantial liabilities or civil or criminal fines, penalties or enforcement actions, including regulatory or judicial orders enjoining or curtailing operations or requiring remedial or corrective measures, installation of pollution control equipment, or other actions, such as business disruptions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. Some of the environmental laws applicable to us provide that a current or previous owner or operator of real property may be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of environmental contamination on, under, or in that property or other impacted properties. Accordingly, such liability could apply to us in connection with any of our current or former manufacturing plants or other properties. In addition, some of these laws provide that persons who arrange, or are deemed to have arranged, for the disposal or treatment of hazardous substances may also be liable for the costs of removal or remediation of environmental contamination at the disposal or treatment site, regardless of whether the affected site is owned or operated by such person. Environmental laws, in general, often impose liability whether or not the owner, operator or arranger knew of, or caused, the presence of such environmental contamination. Also, third parties may make claims against owners or operators of properties for personal injuries, for property damage and/or for clean-up associated with releases of hazardous or toxic substances pursuant to applicable environmental laws and common law tort theories, including strict liability. Failure to comply with environmental laws or regulations could result in severe fines and penalties. 
 12 

Table of Contents 
 We are not aware of any environmental liabilities that would be expected to have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, or results of operations. We believe we comply in all material respects with environmental laws and regulations and possess the permits required to operate our manufacturing and other facilities. Our environmental compliance costs in the future will depend, in part, on the nature and extent of our manufacturing activities, regulatory developments and future requirements that cannot presently be predicted. Environmental, Social, and Governance To achieve long-term success as a business, we recognize the need to align our business strategy and priorities with the expectations of our stakeholders, and our ambition is to lead our industry towards a more sustainable future. In launching our formal ESG program in 2021, we worked with independent consultants to assess our ESG performance, benchmark our efforts against our competitors, and establish a comprehensive strategy to manage ESG risks and opportunities effectively. Our management team develops ESG strategy and related goals and policies through an ESG working group, and our ESG program is overseen by our Board of Directors Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Management has established an ESG working group that is a cross-functional team managing the day-to-day implementation of company initiatives and driving accountability for ESG performance. The working group is focused on measuring our progress in each of the key ESG areas relevant to our business, including environmental, health, and safety; diversity, equity, and inclusion; sustainable products and supply chains; and corporate governance. We published our inaugural ESG report in the second quarter of 2022, which included information regarding our first materiality assessment undertaken by an independent third party. We intend to publish an annual ESG report to update our stakeholders on our ongoing journey. Health and Safety Matters Our health and safety policies and practices include an employee training and competency development program to regularly train, verify, and encourage compliance with health and safety procedures and regulations. We regularly monitor our total recordable incident rate. We employ an environmental, health, and safety team that is responsible for managing, auditing, and executing unified, companywide safety and compliance programs, as well as working directly with site leadership and associates on safety awareness, reports, and preventative measures. Web Sites and Additional Information The U. S. Securities and Exchange Commission SEC maintains an Internet web site at www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy statements, and other information regarding our Company. In addition, we maintain an Investor Relations web site at https://ir.lathampool.com/. We make available through our web site our annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to those reports, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file with or furnish such material to the SEC. We do not charge any fees to view, print, or access these reports on our web site. The contents of our web site or any other web site referenced are not a part of this report. Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K constitute forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. All statements contained in this report other than statements of historical fact may constitute forward-looking statements, including statements regarding our future operating results and financial position, our business strategy and plans, business and market trends, our objectives for future operations, macroeconomic and geopolitical conditions, and the sufficiency of our cash balances, working capital and cash generated from operating, investing, and financing activities for our future liquidity and capital resource needs. These forward-looking statements are generally identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the terms anticipate, believe, confident, continue, could, estimate, expect, intend, likely, may, 
 13 

Table of Contents 
 plan, possible, potential, predict, project, should, target, will, would and, in each case, their negative or other various or comparable terminology. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other important factors that may cause our actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements, including those set forth under the section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K titled Risk Factors, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or as described on other subsequent reports we file or furnish with the SEC. We encourage you to read this report and our other filings with the SEC carefully. Moreover, we operate in a very competitive and rapidly changing environment, and new risks emerge from time to time. Although we believe that the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable and our expectations based on third-party information and projections are from sources that management believes to be reputable, we cannot guarantee future results, levels of activities, performance, or achievements. These forward-looking statements reflect our views with respect to future events as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K or the date specified herein, and we have based these forward-looking statements on our current expectations and projections about future events and trends. Given these uncertainties, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Except as required by law, we undertake no obligation to update or review publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise after the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. We anticipate that subsequent events and developments will cause our views to change. Our forward-looking statements do not reflect the potential impact of any future acquisitions, merger, dispositions, joint ventures, or investments we may undertake. We qualify all of our forward-looking statements by these cautionary statements. 
 14 

Table of Contents 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors You should carefully consider the following risks and uncertainties, together with all of the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, or this Annual Report, including our Consolidated Financial Statements and related notes included elsewhere in this Annual Report, before making an investment decision. In addition, past financial performance may not be a reliable indicator of future performance and historical trends may not predict results or trends in future periods. Any of the following risks, individually or collectively, could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations, in which case the trading price of our common stock could decline and you could lose all or part of your investment. Risk Factors Summary Our business is subject to a number of risks, including risks that may prevent us from achieving our business objectives or may adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, cash flows and prospects. Risks that we deem material are described below. These risks include, but are not limited to, the following: Net sales for our swimming pools and related products is adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions and trends in consumer spending; inability to sustain further growth in our business; adverse weather conditions impacting our sales, as well as result in significant variability of sales in reporting periods; natural disasters, war, terrorism, public health issues such as the novel coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic or other catastrophic events; our ability to attract, develop and retain highly qualified personnel; inability to attract dealers and distributors to purchase our products, or the loss of our largest customers, since our products are not sold directly to consumers; increases in costs of our raw materials and components and inability to source the quantity or quality of raw materials and components that we need to manufacture our products, including due to the loss of our largest suppliers; inflationary impacts; product quality issues, warranty claims or safety concerns and other claims in the ordinary course of business; competition that we face; failure to meet customer specifications or consumer expectations; our inability to collect accounts receivables from our customers; delays in, or systems disruptions issues caused by, the implementation of our enterprise resource planning system could adversely affect our operations; changes in environmental, health, safety, transportation, and other government regulations; the effects of climate change and the expanding legal and regulatory restrictions intended to address climate change could adversely impact our business; inability to obtain transportation services to deliver our product and to obtain raw materials timely or increases in the cost of transportation; our ability to obtain, maintain and enforce intellectual property protection for our current and future products, and third-party claims against us for violation of their intellectual property; the risks of doing business internationally; cyber security breaches and data leaks, and our dependence on information technology systems; and the other factors set forth under Risk Factors. 
 Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial also may impair our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 15 

Table of Contents 
 Risks Related to Our Operations and Industry Net sales of our swimming pools and related products is adversely affected by unfavorable economic conditions and trends in consumer spending, which are impacted by factors outside of our control. Consumer discretionary spending affects our sales of swimming pools and related products and is impacted by factors outside of our control, including general economic conditions, the residential housing market, unemployment rates and wage levels, interest rate fluctuations, inflation, disposable income levels, consumer confidence and access to credit. In particular, we believe that access to consumer credit is an important factor enabling the purchase of new pools because a significant percentage of consumers finance their pool installations. Tightening consumer credit or increases in interest rates could reduce the number of consumers that obtain financing for pools, which would negatively impact our sales. In economic downturns such as many economists and industry leaders are forecasting for 2023, the demand for swimming pools and related products has declined and we expect that such demand would decline in the future, with the magnitude of such declines often corresponding to the declines in discretionary consumer spending and the growth rate of pool eligible households. In addition, consumer demand for swimming pools is impacted by consumer demand for, and spending on, outdoor living spaces. While we believe consumers have increased relative spending on outdoor living in recent years, such purchases may decrease in the aggregate if there was a decline in consumer discretionary spending. Any substantial deterioration in general economic conditions that diminishes consumer confidence or discretionary income may reduce our sales and materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In addition, the cyclicality in consumer demand for our products that we do not control increases the risk of making critical business decisions based on our forecasts, and means that the results for any prior period may not be indicative of results for any future period. Further, a recessionary economic environment could weaken the financial condition of our suppliers potentially leading to shortages of critical raw materials, manufacturing equipment, components, and services, and increase the risk of dealer and distributor closures or bankruptcies that could shrink our potential customer base and inhibit our ability to collect on their receivables. Even in generally favorable economic conditions, severe and/or prolonged downturns in the housing market could have a material adverse impact on our financial performance due to our industry s alignment with the housing market. We may be unable to sustain further growth in our business. Our core strategy for our business is growth, including by contributing to the transformation of the North American residential pool industry by driving and benefiting from material conversion to fiberglass pools, our key product. See Business Growth and Strategy. Although we have generated 13 consecutive years of net sales growth, we may not be able to continue generating net sales growth in the future. While we believe interest in pool ownership remains strong, recently, homeowners have been taking more time on their purchase decisions and establishing installation dates in light of the current macroeconomic environment. Further, to achieve our growth plans, we have made and expect to continue to make significant investments in our employees, technology, marketing, research and development, manufacturing capacity and strategic investments and acquisitions. While we believe that our fiberglass pools are the future of the industry and meet the majority of the market of pools sold, fiberglass pools do have some limitations. Due to shipping considerations, they are subject to certain size limits. Although we offer a broad portfolio of design choices, fiberglass pools can be less customizable than concrete and vinyl. Our failure to implement our growth strategy in a cost-effective and timely manner could result in underutilized assets and higher operating costs, and otherwise could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Adverse weather conditions could negatively impact our sales, as well as result in significant variability of sales in reporting periods. Given the nature of our business, weather is one of the principal external factors affecting our business, and the impact of bad weather is further exacerbated by the seasonality of our business. Adverse weather can interfere with ordinary transportation of our products and installation and cause a resulting delay, or if such delay is prolonged may lead to a cancelled order. The second and third quarters of the year, which correspond to the spring and summer months in the United States, represent the peak months of swimming pool use and pool installation and maintenance. Unseasonably late warming trends in the spring or early cooling trends in the fall can shorten the length of the pool 
 16 

Table of Contents 
 season. In addition, unseasonably cool weather or extraordinary rainfall during the peak season can have an adverse impact on demand due to decreased swimming pool use and installation. Due to such seasonality, our net sales are significantly stronger in the second and third quarters each year, and are moderated in the first and fourth quarters. Further, adverse weather conditions can cause the timing of sales and cash flows can shift significantly between quarterly and annual reporting periods and therefore significantly impact the meaningfulness of period-to-period comparisons of financial and operating results. Natural disasters, war, terrorism, public health issues such as the COVID-19 pandemic, or other catastrophic events could adversely affect our business. financial condition and results of operations. Our operations and financial results have been, and may be in the future, adversely impacted by local, regional, national or global catastrophic events or extraordinary circumstances, such as natural or environmental disasters, public health issues such as the COVID-19 pandemic, and other serious disruption to our facilities due to fire, flood, earthquake, acts of terrorism, civil insurrection or social unrest. Any such event could disrupt our supply chain, our ability to manufacture and deliver our products, and our dealers and distributors ability to install our products, as well as adversely impact customer demand of our products. Further, such event could have macro implications, such as adversely impacting consumer discretionary spending, causing geopolitical uncertainty, and resulting in a macroeconomic downturn and disruption in the financial markets. Given the seasonality inherent in our business, the impact of such events or circumstances on our business would be particularly severe if the timing coincides with the peak months of swimming pool use and pool installation and maintenance. Our response and response of other impacted persons to any such event may result in an increase in our operating costs and require significant management resources, and we could incur impairment expense for any impacted assets. The direct and indirect impacts of such catastrophic event or extraordinary circumstances also could heighten many of the other risks described in this Annual Report, and any of these impacts could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The ongoing war between Russia and Ukraine could adversely affect our operations, and related sanctions and other actions that have been or may be enacted by the United States, the European Union, or other governing entities could adversely affect our business, our business partners, our suppliers, and our customers. While our operations are primarily within North America and we have no operations in Russia or Ukraine, and we do not have direct exposure to customers and vendors in Russia and Ukraine, we continue to monitor any adverse impact that such events may have on the global economy in general, on our business and operations and on the businesses and operations of our business partners, suppliers and customers. We depend on our ability to attract, develop, and retain highly qualified personnel. Our ability to meet our strategic objectives and otherwise grow our business will depend to a significant extent on the continued contributions of our leadership team, as well as our ability to identify, attract, and retain other highly qualified managerial, technical, sales and marketing, operations, and customer service personnel. In particular, we rely on a technically skilled workforce to operate the specialized equipment required to manufacture fiberglass pools. Competition for these individuals in our manufacturing markets is intense and supply is limited, in particular due to significant voluntary resignations across industries since the onset of the COVID-19 pandemic. Since we operate in a competitive labor market, there is a risk that market increases in compensation could have an adverse effect on our business and operating costs. We may not succeed in identifying, attracting, or retaining qualified personnel on a cost-effective basis. The loss or interruption of services of any of our key personnel, inability to identify, attract, or retain qualified personnel in the future, delays in hiring qualified personnel, or any employee work slowdowns, strikes, or similar actions could make it difficult for us to conduct and manage our business and meet key objectives, which could harm our business, financial condition, and results of operations. In November 2022, we approved a cost reduction plan to optimize our production and shift schedules, implement a workforce reduction, and streamline our cover and liner manufacturing footprint with the closure of our Bossier City, Louisiana facility in the first quarter of 2023. Such actions may adversely impact our ability to attract and retain qualified personnel in the future. 
 17 

Table of Contents 
 Our products are sold to other businesses for resale to consumers, and inability to attract dealers and distributors to purchase our products or the loss of our largest customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We sell all of our products to key channel partners, dealers and distributors, who resell the products to consumers and other dealers, respectively. Some of our customers also sell our competitors products. The customers success in reselling our products to consumers is a key driver of our net sales. Our agreements for exclusivity with customers generally are terminable at will by either party. During periods of strong growth, we have had to terminate relationships with certain customers to ensure we could satisfy the demand of our leading customers. During periods of slower growth, such as we expect in 2023, we are looking to develop relationships with new customers to expand our growth opportunities. If we are unable to attract or retain successful customers on a cost-effective basis, our business, financial condition, and results of operations may be materially adversely affected. Our customers generally are not contractually obligated to purchase from us. They make purchase decisions based on a combination of brand, product quality, consumer demand, customer service performance, price, and other factors. In 2022, we experienced volume declines in our packaged pool products as our wholesale distribution partners destocked packaged pool inventory levels as they serviced dealer demand through existing supply, and we expect this to continue into 2023. Changes in our customers strategies may adversely affect our sales. Additionally, our customers may face financial or other difficulties that may impact their operations and their purchases from us. Finally, our customers may default on their obligations to us. These risks are heightened with respect to our largest customer, which accounted for 20.3 of our net sales in 2022, and our top ten dealers and distributors, which accounted for 39.4 of our net sales in 2022. A reduction in sales to our customers, particularly the loss of, or a reduction in sales to, our largest customers, could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, and results of operations. We depend on a global network of third-party suppliers to provide components and raw materials essential to the manufacturing of our pools and price increases or deviations in the quantity or quality of the raw materials used to manufacture our products could adversely affect our net sales and operating results. We rely on manufacturers and other suppliers to provide us with the components and raw materials to manufacture our products. The primary raw materials used in our products are polyvinyl chloride PVC plastic, galvanized steel, fiberglass, aluminum, carbon fiber, Kevlar fiber, various resins, gelcoat, polypropylene fabric, and roving. Increases in the cost of the raw materials used to manufacture our products could adversely affect our operating results. The cost of many of the raw materials we use in the manufacture of our products, such as steel, is subject to price volatility. Changes in prices of our raw materials have a direct impact on our cost of sales. Accordingly, we are exposed to the risk of increases in the market prices of raw materials used in the manufacture of our products. We are experiencing inflationary pressures in certain areas of our business, including with respect to prices of our raw materials and employee wages, although, to date, we have been able to offset such pressures, to some extent, through price increases and other measures. If we are unable to increase our prices or experience a delay in our ability to increase our prices or to recover such increases in our costs, our gross profit will suffer. In addition, increases in the price of our products to compensate for increased costs of raw materials may reduce demand for our products and adversely affect our competitive position. Other than occasional strategic purchases of larger quantities of certain raw materials, we generally buy materials on an as-needed basis. We are dependent upon the ability of our suppliers to consistently provide raw materials and components that meet our specifications, quality standards and other applicable criteria. Our suppliers failure to provide raw materials and components that meet such criteria on a timely basis could adversely affect production schedules and our product quality, which in turn could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. While we believe that our relationships with our current suppliers are sufficient to provide the 
 18 

Table of Contents 
 materials necessary to meet present production demand, these relationships may not continue or the quantity or quality of materials available from these suppliers may not be sufficient to meet our future needs, irrespective of whether we successfully implement our growth strategy, and we may not be able to obtain supplies on favorable terms. In the event of a shortage of our raw materials, we may not be able to arrange for alternative sources of such materials on a timely basis or on equally favorable terms. For example, in 2021 and the first half of 2022, we experienced raw material shortages, particularly of resin, which limited our fiberglass pool production and decreased our profitability and raw material shortages may impact us similarly in the future. Although we have taken actions to increase and diversify our resin and other raw materials supply base, we may not succeed in procuring sufficient supply of resin and other raw materials that we need on a timely basis or at all, which could result in lost sales and a decline in our profitability. The foregoing risks are heightened with respect to our largest supplier, which accounted for 17 of our purchased supplies in 2022, and our top ten suppliers, which accounted for 63 of our purchased supplies in 2022. Inflation could adversely impact our financial condition and results of operations. Inflation in the United States began to rise significantly in the second half of the calendar year of 2021 and continued to increase in 2022. For instance, global supply chain disruptions have resulted in shortages in materials and services, which has led to inflationary cost increases for labor, materials, and services, and could continue to cause costs to increase as well as scarcity of certain products. Global supply chain disruptions continue to persist, and may become worse due to the war in Ukraine, the COVID-19 pandemic-related lock-downs in China or for other reasons. We are experiencing inflationary pressures in certain areas of our business, including with respect to prices of our raw materials and employee wages, although, to date, we have been able to offset such pressures, to some extent, through price increases and other measures. We cannot, however, predict any future trends in the rate of inflation or associated increases in our operating costs and how that may impact our business. In addition, the demand for our products may soften as we continue to increase the prices of our products to offset the inflationary pressure. To the extent we are unable to recover higher operating costs resulting from inflation or otherwise mitigate the impact of such costs on our business, or to continue to grow our sales volumes, our net sales and gross margins could decrease, and our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. Product quality, warranty claims or safety concerns and other claims in the ordinary course of business could negatively impact our sales, lead to increased costs, and expose us to litigation. Other litigation and regulatory matters incidental to our business also may adversely impact our business and financial results. Product quality issues could negatively impact consumer confidence in our brands and our business. If our product offerings do not meet applicable legal standards or consumers expectations regarding safety or quality, we could experience lost sales and increased costs and be exposed to legal, financial, and reputational risks, as well as governmental enforcement actions. Since we provide various warranties on our products, generally ranging from five years to lifetime warranties, we become liable for warranty obligations should problems arise. Warranty obligations in excess of our reserves could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. Actual, potential, or perceived product safety concerns, including health-related concerns, could expose us to litigation, as well as government enforcement actions, and result in costly product recalls and other liabilities. We are also involved or may be involved in various disputes, litigation, and regulatory matters incidental to and in the ordinary course of our business, including employment matters, personal injury claims, intellectual property disputes, commercial disputes, government compliance matters, environmental matters, and other matters arising out of the normal conduct of our business. We intend to vigorously defend ourselves in such matters as they arise. While the impact of this litigation has been or may be immaterial, there can be no assurance that the impact of the pending and any future claims will not be material to our business, financial condition, or results of operations in the future. We face competition both from within our industry and from other outdoor living products and if we are not able to compete effectively, our prospects for future success will be jeopardized. Within our industry, we directly compete against various regional and local pool manufacturing companies. Outside of our industry, we compete indirectly with alternative suppliers of big ticket consumer discretionary outdoor 
 19 

Table of Contents 
 living products, such as decks and patios, and with other companies who rely on discretionary homeowner expenditures, such as home remodelers. Given the density and demand for pools, some geographic markets that we serve tend to have a higher concentration of competitors than others, particularly California, Texas, Florida, Arizona, and Australia. In addition, new competitors may emerge. If one or more of our competitors were to merge, the change in the competitive landscape could adversely affect our competitive position. Consolidation by industry participants could increase their resources and result in competitors with expanded market share, larger customer bases, greater diversified product offerings and greater technological and marketing expertise, which may allow them to compete more effectively against us. In addition, our competitors may develop products that are superior to our products (on a price-to-value basis or otherwise) or may adapt more quickly to new technologies or evolving customer requirements. If we do not compete effectively, our net sales, margins, and profitability and our future prospects for success may be harmed. Our failure to meet customer specifications or consumer expectations could result in lost sales, increased expenses, negative publicity, claims for damages and harm to our brand and reputation. A failure or inability by us to meet customer specifications or consumer expectations could damage our reputation and adversely affect our ability to attract new business and result in delayed or lost sales. One of our growth strategies is the use of consumer-focused branding for our products to grow our sales. We have significantly increased our spending on digital strategies and marketing since 2019, and we are increasingly responsible for our own lead generation. Our ability to create, maintain, enhance, and protect our brand image and reputation and consumers connection to our brand depends in part on our design and marketing efforts, including our increasing reliance on social media and online dissemination of consumer advertising campaigns. Negative publicity or product quality issues, whether real or perceived, could tarnish our reputation and our brand image. Failure to maintain, enhance and protect our brand image could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations. In addition, any failure to meet customer specifications could result in reduced net sales and income. Our inability to collect accounts receivables from our customers may adversely impact our cash flows and our ability to reduce our debt. We extend credit to our customers, and we generally do not require collateral to secure these extensions of credit. A significant portion of our accounts receivables are typically concentrated within a relatively small number of customers. The financial health of many of our customers is affected by changes in the economy. The effects of any protracted or severe economic declines may cause our customers to be unable to satisfy their payment obligations, including with us. While we have procedures to monitor and limit exposure to credit risk on our accounts receivables, there can be no assurance such procedures will effectively limit our credit risk and avoid losses, and our financial condition and results of operations could be materially and adversely affected if our credit losses significantly exceed our estimates. Delays in, or systems disruptions issues caused by, the implementation of our new enterprise resource planning system could adversely affect our operations and results of operations. We have begun the multi-year implementation of a new enterprise resource planning system. This project has required and will continue to require significant capital and human resources, the re-engineering of many processes of our business, and the attention of our management and other personnel who would otherwise be focused on other aspects of our business. The implementation may be more expensive and take longer to fully implement than we originally plan, resulting in increased capital investment, higher fees, and expenses of third parties, delayed deployment scheduling, and more on-going maintenance expense once implemented, and, as such, it will be difficult for us to estimate the ultimate costs and schedules. The implementation may also cause complications to ongoing operations, result in material weaknesses to our internal control framework, increase regulatory compliance risks, and impact our ability to process transactions efficiently, all of which may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 20 

Table of Contents 
 The nature of our business subjects us to compliance with employment, environmental, health, transportation, safety, anti-corruption, trade, and other governmental regulations. We are subject to regulation under federal, state, local and international employment, environmental, health, transportation, and safety requirements, which govern such things as the manufacture of fiberglass pools, which is our key product. These laws regulate, among other things, air emissions, the discharge or release of materials into the environment, the handling and disposal of wastes, remediation of contaminated sites, worker health and safety and the impact of products on human health and safety and the environment. These laws also require us to obtain and maintain certificates, registrations, licenses, permits, and other regulatory approvals in order to conduct regulated activities, including the construction and operation of our facilities. Our products must also comply with local, state, and international building codes and safety rules and regulations. Further, we are subject to anti-corruption, anti-bribery, antitrust and other similar laws. For example, we have employees and engage with suppliers and customers in many countries with different legal systems, customs and contract laws and regulations, which expose us to risks associated with the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act and local anti-corruption and anti-bribery laws and regulations. Failure to comply with these laws and regulations by us, our employees, our dealers and distributors and other business partners, including failure to obtain and maintain all required certificates, registrations, licenses, permits, and other regulatory approvals, may result in investigations, the assessment of administrative, civil and criminal fines, damages, delays, seizures, disgorgements, penalties or the imposition of injunctive relief. In particular, spills or other releases of regulated substances could expose us to material losses, expenditures and liabilities under applicable environmental laws and regulations. Under certain of such laws and regulations, we could be subject to strict, joint and several liability for the removal or remediation of previously released materials or property contamination, regardless of whether we were responsible for the release or contamination and even if our operations met previous standards in the industry at the time they were conducted. Moreover, compliance with such laws and regulations in the future could prove to be costly. Although we presently do not expect to incur any capital or other expenditures relating to regulatory matters in amounts that may be material to us, we may be required to make such expenditures in the future. These laws and regulations have changed substantially and rapidly and we anticipate that there will be continuing changes, which may require us to incur costs to maintain our business. The clear trend in environmental, health, transportation and safety regulations is to place more restrictions and limitations on activities that impact the environment, such as emission of air pollutants as well as soil and ground water contaminants. Increasingly, strict restrictions and limitations have resulted in higher operating costs for us and it is possible that the costs of compliance with such laws and regulations will continue to increase. Our attempts to anticipate future regulatory requirements that might be imposed and our plans to remain in compliance with changing regulations and to minimize the costs of such compliance may not be as effective as we anticipate. The effects of climate change and the expanding legal and regulatory restrictions intended to address climate change could adversely impact our business and results of operations. There is increasing concern that a gradual increase in global average temperatures due to increased concentration of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases in the atmosphere could cause significant changes in weather patterns and an increase in the frequency, duration, and severity of natural disasters. Such climate change may impair our production capabilities, disrupt our supply chain, or impact demand for our products. Growing concern over climate change also may result in additional legal or regulatory requirements designed to reduce or mitigate the effects of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gas emissions on the environment. Broad rules and regulations have been proposed by the SEC for adoption in 2023 requiring increased climate change-related disclosure in future filings, which may require us to incur significant compliance costs and could increase liability and reputational risks. Additionally, drought conditions or water management initiatives may lead to municipal ordinances related to water use restrictions, and such restrictions could result in decreased pool installations and negatively impact our sales. Further, increased energy or compliance costs and expenses as a result thereof may cause disruptions in, or an increase in the costs associated with, the manufacturing and distribution of our products. The impacts of climate change and legal or regulatory initiatives to address climate change could have a long-term adverse impact on our business and results of operations. If we fail to achieve or improperly report on our progress 
 21 

Table of Contents 
 toward achieving our goals and commitments to reduce our carbon footprint or in environmental and sustainability programs and initiatives, the results could have an adverse impact on our business and results of operations. We depend on third parties for transportation services to some extent, and the lack of availability of and/or increases in the cost of transportation could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our business depends on the transportation of both finished goods to our customers and the transportation of raw materials to us primarily through the use of flatbed trucks and rail transportation. We rely partially on third parties for transportation of these items. The availability of these transportation services is subject to various risks, some of which we have recently incurred due to macroeconomic and inflationary conditions, including those associated with supply shortages, change in fuel prices, work stoppages, operating hazards, and interstate transportation regulations. In particular, a significant portion of our finished goods is transported by flatbed trucks, which are occasionally in high demand (especially at the end of calendar quarters) and/or subject to price fluctuations based on market conditions and the price of fuel. If the required supply of transportation services is unavailable when needed, we may be unable to sell our products when they are requested by our customers. In that event, we may be required to reduce the price of the affected products, seek alternative and, potentially more costly, transportation services or be unable to sell the affected products. Similarly, if any of these transportation providers were unavailable to deliver raw materials to us in a timely manner, we may be unable to manufacture our products in response to customer demand. In addition, a significant increase in transportation rates or fuel surcharges could adversely affect our profitability. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. Our business operations could suffer if we fail to protect adequately our intellectual property rights, and we may experience claims by third parties that we are violating their intellectual property rights. We rely on trademark and service market protection to protect our brands and we have registered or applied to register many of these trademarks and services marks. In the event that our trademarks or service marks are successfully challenged and we lose the rights to use those trademarks or service marks, or if we fail to prevent others from using them (or similar marks), we could be forced to rebrand our products, requiring us to devote resources to advertising and marketing new brands. In addition, we cannot be sure that any pending trademark or service mark applications will be granted or will not be challenged or opposed by third parties. We generally rely on a combination of unpatented proprietary know-how and trade secrets and, to a lesser extent, patents to preserve our position in the market. Because of the importance of our proprietary know-how and trade secrets, we employ various methods to protect our intellectual property, such as entering into confidentiality agreements with third parties, and controlling access to, and distribution of, our proprietary information. We may not be able to deter current and former employees, contractors and other parties from breaching confidentiality obligations and misappropriating proprietary information. It is difficult for us to monitor unauthorized uses of our products and technology. Accordingly, these protections may not be adequate to prevent competitors from copying, imitating or reverse engineering our products or from developing and marketing products that are substantially equivalent to or superior to our own. In addition, we have applied for patent protection relating to certain products, processes and services or aspects thereof. We cannot be sure that any of our pending patent applications will be granted or that any patents issued as a result of our patent applications will be of sufficient scope or strength to provide us with any meaningful protection or commercial advantage. Moreover, since our patents, trademarks and service marks are primarily registered in the United States and Canada, we may not be successful in asserting patent or trademark protection in other countries. If third parties take actions that affect our rights or the value of our intellectual property or proprietary rights, or if we are unable to protect our intellectual property from infringement or misappropriation, other companies may be able to offer competitive products at lower prices, and we may not be able to effectively compete against these companies. In 
 22 

Table of Contents 
 addition, if any third party copies or imitates our products in a manner that affects customer or consumer perception of the quality of our products, or of engineered products generally, our reputation and sales could suffer whether or not these violate our intellectual property rights. In addition, we face the risk of claims that we are infringing third parties intellectual property rights. Any such claim, even if it is without merit, could be expensive and time-consuming to defend and could divert the time and attention of our management. An intellectual property claim against us that is successful could cause us to cease making or selling products that incorporate the disputed intellectual property, require us to redesign our products, which may not be feasible or cost effective, and require us to enter into costly royalty or licensing arrangements, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. We conduct business internationally, which exposes us to additional risks. Our ability to successfully conduct operations in, and source products and materials from, international markets is affected by many of the same risks we face in our U.S. operations, as well as unique costs and difficulties of managing international operations. Our international operations, which accounted for 19.7 of our net sales in 2022 and a significant portion of our purchased supplies, expose us to certain additional risks, including: difficulty in staffing international subsidiary operations and increased costs of managing international operations; different political, economic, and regulatory conditions; local laws and customs; violations of anti-bribery and anti-corruption laws, such as the United States Foreign Corrupt Practices Act; violations of economic sanctions laws, such as the regulations enforced by the U.S. Department of The Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Control; tariffs and other import/export trade restrictions; currency fluctuations; limitations on our ability to enforce legal rights and remedies with third parties or partners outside the United States; foreign investment and cash repatriation regulations; adverse tax consequences; and dependence on other economies. 
 For foreign-sourced products, we may be subject to certain trade restrictions that would prevent us from obtaining products. There is also a greater risk that we may not be able to access products in a timely and efficient manner. Fluctuations in other factors relating to international trade, such as tariffs, transportation costs and inflation are additional risks for our international operations. Our failure to manage any of these risks could adversely affect our international operations and our financial results. 
 23 

Table of Contents 
 We rely on information technology systems to support our business operations. A significant disturbance or breach of our technological infrastructure could adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Additionally, failure to maintain the security of confidential information could damage our reputation and expose us to litigation. Information technology supports several aspects of our business, including among others, product sourcing, pricing, customer service, transaction processing, financial reporting, collections, and cost management. Our ability to operate effectively on a day-to-day basis and accurately report our financial and operating results depends on a solid technological infrastructure, which is inherently susceptible to internal and external threats. We are vulnerable to interruption by fire, natural disasters, power loss, telecommunication failures, internet failures, security breaches and other catastrophic events. Exposure to various types of cyber-attacks such as malware, computer viruses, worms or other malicious acts, as well as human error, also could potentially disrupt our operations or result in a significant interruption in the delivery of our goods and services. As with most companies, we have experienced cyber-attacks, attempts to breach our systems and other similar incidents, none of which were material to our operations or financial results in 2022. It is possible that cyber attackers might compromise our security measures and obtain the personal and/or confidential information of the customers, employees, and suppliers that we hold or our business information. Cyber-attacks are rapidly evolving and those threats and the means for obtaining access to information in digital and other storage media are becoming increasingly sophisticated and may not immediately produce signs of intrusion. Moreover, such cyber-attacks may disrupt access to our and/or our suppliers networks and systems. Such disruptions could result in delays or cancellations of customer orders or delays or interruptions in the shipment of orders. In addition, cyber-attacks may cause us to incur significant remediation costs, result in delays, disruptions to key business operations, or divert attention of management and key information technology resources. With more employees working remotely, there may be increased opportunities for unauthorized access and cyber-attacks. Further, the United States government has warned of the potential risk of Russian cyber-attacks stemming from the ongoing Russian-Ukraine conflict. These cyber-incidents could also subject us to liability, expose us to significant expense, and cause significant harm to our reputation and our business. Third-party service providers, such as distributors, subcontractors, vendors, and data processors have access to certain portions of our data. In the event that these service providers do not appropriately protect our data, the result could be a security breach or loss of our data. Any such loss of data by our third-party service providers could have a material adverse impact on our business and results of operations. Moreover, an employee, contractor or third party with whom we work or to whom we outsource business operations may fail to monitor their or our systems effectively, may fail to maintain appropriate safeguards, may misuse the personal and/or confidential information to which they have access, may attempt to circumvent our security measures, may purposefully or inadvertently allow unauthorized access to our or their systems or to personal and/or confidential information or may otherwise disrupt our business operations. We and our customers could suffer harm if valuable business data or employee, customer and other proprietary information were corrupted, lost, or accessed or misappropriated by third parties due to a security failure in our systems or those of our suppliers or service providers. It could require significant expenditures to remediate any such failure or breach, severely damage our reputation and our relationships with customers, result in unwanted media attention and lost sales and expose us to risks of litigation and liability. Advances in computer and software capabilities, encryption technology and other discoveries increase the complexity of our technological environment, including how each interact with our various software platforms. Such advances could delay or hinder our ability to process transactions or could compromise the integrity of our data, resulting in a material adverse impact on our financial condition and results of operations. We also may experience occasional system interruptions and delays that make our information systems unavailable or slow to respond, including the interaction of our information systems with those of third parties. A lack of sophistication or reliability of our information systems could adversely impact our operations and customer service and could require major repairs or replacements, resulting in significant costs and foregone sales. In addition, we may not have the necessary resources to enhance existing information systems or implement new systems where necessary to handle our growth and changing needs, and may experience unanticipated delays, 
 24 

Table of Contents 
 complications and expenses in implementing and integrating our systems. Any interruptions in operations would adversely affect our ability to properly allocate resources and deliver our products, which could result in customer dissatisfaction. The failure to successfully implement and maintain information systems could have an adverse effect on our ability to obtain new business, retain existing business and maintain or increase our sales and profit margins. We process, store, and use personal information and other data, which subjects us to governmental regulation and other legal obligations related to privacy, and violation of these privacy obligations could result in a claim for damages, regulatory action, loss of business, or unfavorable publicity. We receive, store and process personal information and other customer information, or personal information and other data from and about our customers, prospective customers, our employees, applicants for employment and other individuals with whom we do business. There are numerous laws, as well as regulations and industry guidelines, regarding privacy and the storing, use, processing, and disclosure and protection of personal information, the scope of which are changing, subject to differing interpretations, and may be inconsistent among countries or conflict with other rules. For example, the California Consumer Privacy Act CCPA ), which became effective on January 1, 2020, established a new privacy framework for covered businesses. In November 2021, California voters passed Proposition 24, also known as the California Privacy Rights Act CPRA ), which amends and expands the CCPA effective January 1, 2023. The CCPA and CPRA provide new and enhanced data privacy rights to California residents, such as giving California consumers and employees the right to access and/or delete their personal information, affording consumers and employees the right to opt out of certain sales of personal information as well as sharing for cross context behavioral advertising, and prohibiting covered businesses from discriminating against consumers (e.g., charging more for services) for exercising any of their CCPA/CPRA rights. The CPRA bolstered the requirements for agreements that cover the exchange of data and established the California Privacy Protection Agency, which is responsible for enforcement activities, rulemaking, and public awareness related to privacy and data protection. Additionally, laws, regulations, and standards covering marketing and advertising activities conducted by telephone, email, mobile devices, and the internet, may be applicable to our business, such as the Telephone Consumer Protection Act and the Controlling the Assault of Non-Solicited Pornography And Marketing Act, and similar state consumer protection laws. We generally seek to comply with industry standards and are subject to the terms of our own privacy policies and privacy-related obligations to third parties. We strive to comply with all applicable laws, policies, legal obligations, and industry codes of conduct relating to privacy and data protection to the extent possible. However, it is possible that these obligations may be interpreted and applied in a manner that is inconsistent from one jurisdiction to another and may conflict with other rules or regulations, making enforcement, and thus compliance requirements, ambiguous, uncertain, and potentially inconsistent. Any failure or perceived failure by us to comply with our privacy policies, privacy-related obligations to customers or other third parties, or our privacy-related legal obligations, or any compromise of security that results in the unauthorized access to or unintended release of personally identifiable information or other customer data, may result in governmental enforcement actions, litigation, or public statements against us by consumer advocacy groups or others. Any of these events could cause us to incur significant costs in investigating and defending such claims and, if found liable, pay significant damages. Further, these proceedings and any subsequent adverse outcomes may cause our customers to lose trust in us, which could have an adverse effect on our reputation and business. We also expect that there will continue to be new laws, regulations and industry standards concerning privacy, data protection and information security proposed and enacted in various jurisdictions. The United States, Canada, Australia, New Zealand, the European Union, the United Kingdom and other countries in which we operate are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security and data protection laws and regulations that could have a significant impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention and safeguarding of customer, consumer and/or employee information, as well as any other third-party information we receive, and some of our current or planned business activities. Any significant change to applicable laws, regulations or industry practices regarding the use or disclosure of personal information could result in increased compliance costs. Any of the foregoing could materially adversely affect our brand, reputation, business, results of operations, and financial condition. 
 25 

Table of Contents 
 An interruption of our production capability at one or more of our manufacturing facilities from accident, calamity or other causes, or events affecting the global economy, could adversely affect our business and results of operations. We manufacture our products at a limited number of manufacturing facilities, and shifting production rapidly to another facility in the event of a loss of one of or a portion of one of our manufacturing facilities could lead to increased costs. A temporary or permanent loss of the use of one or more of our manufacturing facilities due to accidents, fire (such as the fire at our Texas facility in April 2022 that resulted in a total loss of the manufacturing facility), explosions, labor issues, tornadoes, other weather conditions, natural disasters, condemnation, cancellation or non-renewals of leases, terrorist attacks or other acts of violence or war or otherwise could have a material adverse effect on our operating costs. An interruption in our production capabilities could also require us to make substantial capital expenditures to replace damaged or destroyed facilities or equipment. Any of these events could result in substantial repair costs and higher operating costs. If we are unable to continue to enhance existing products and/or technology and develop and market, including via our digital marketing strategy, new or enhanced products that respond to customer needs and preferences, we may experience a decrease in demand for our products and our business could suffer. We seek to generate net sales growth through enhancement of existing products and development of new products and through digital strategies and marketing. We may not be able to compete as effectively with our competitors, and ultimately satisfy the needs and preferences of our customers, unless we can continue to enhance existing products and technologies and develop new innovative products and marketing strategies for the markets in which we compete. Product development requires significant financial, technological, and other resources. Product improvements and new product introductions also require significant research, planning, design, development, engineering, and testing at the technological, product, and manufacturing process levels, and we may not be able to timely develop and introduce product improvements or new products. Our competitors new products may beat our products to market, be higher quality or more reliable, be more effective with more features and/or less expensive than our products, obtain better market acceptance, or render our products obsolete. Any new products that we develop may not receive market acceptance or otherwise generate any meaningful net sales or profits for us relative to our expectations based on, among other things, existing and anticipated investments in manufacturing capacity and commitments to fund advertising, marketing, promotional programs, and research and development. Our growth in part has been due to strategic acquisitions and partnerships, and we continuously evaluate and may in the future enter into additional strategic transactions. Any such transaction could happen at any time, be material to our business and take any number of forms, including, for example, an acquisition, merger, sale of certain of our assets, refinancing, or other recapitalization or material strategic transaction. Evaluating potential transactions and integrating completed ones may divert the attention of our management from ordinary operating matters. Our growth in part has been due to strategic acquisitions and partnerships, and such strategic transactions continue to be part of our growth plan in the future. The success of potential acquisitions or mergers will depend, in part, on our ability to realize the anticipated growth opportunities and cost synergies through the successful integration of the businesses we acquire with our existing business, including the acquisitions of Radiant in November 2021 and GLI in October 2020 and the purchase of equity interests in Premier Pools Spas in October 2020 (our ownership interest is 18.2 and our voting interest is 20.1 ). Even if we are successful in integrating acquired businesses, these integrations may not result in the realization of the full benefit of any anticipated growth opportunities or cost synergies or that these benefits will be realized within the expected time frames. We may have difficulty implementing systems of internal controls in acquired businesses or equity investees that may not have such systems in place, or merging different accounting and financial reporting systems with ours. In addition, acquired businesses may have unanticipated liabilities or contingencies. We may, from time to time, consider disposing of assets. We may not be able to dispose of any such assets on terms that are attractive to us, or at all, which could materially adversely impact our financial condition or results of operation. In addition, to the extent we consummate an agreement for the sale and disposition of an asset or asset group, 
 26 

Table of Contents 
 we may experience operational difficulties segregating them from our retained assets and operations, which could impact the execution or timing for such dispositions and could result in disruptions to our operations and/or claims for damages, among other things. If we complete an acquisition, merger, sale of certain assets, refinancing, recapitalization, or material strategic transaction, we may require additional financing that could result in an increase in the aggregate amount and/or cost of our debt. The aggregate principal amount of our debt that we may issue may be significant. Moreover, the terms of any debt financing may be expensive. Changes in trade policies, including the imposition of tariffs, could negatively impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. The current U.S. administration has signaled support for, and in some instances has taken action with respect to, major changes to certain trade policies, such as the imposition of tariffs on imported products and the withdrawal from or renegotiation of certain trade agreements, including the North American Free Trade Agreement. For example, the United States has increased tariffs on certain imports from China, as well as on steel and aluminum products imported from various countries. More specifically, in March 2018, the United States imposed a 25 tariff on steel imports pursuant to Section 301 of the Trade Act of 1974 and has imposed additional tariffs on steel imports pursuant to Section 232 of the Trade Expansion Act of 1962. These tariffs could result in interruptions in the supply chain and impact costs and our gross margins. We procure certain raw materials we use in the manufacturing of our products directly or indirectly from outside of the United States. The imposition of tariffs and other potential changes in U.S. trade policy could increase the cost or limit the availability of raw materials, which could hurt our competitive position and adversely impact our business, financial condition, and results of operations. If we are unable to pass price increases on to our customer base or otherwise mitigate the costs, our operating results could be materially adversely affected. Our insurance coverage may be inadequate to protect against the potential hazards inherent to our business. We maintain property, business interruption, product liability and casualty insurance coverage, but such insurance may not provide adequate coverage against potential claims, including losses resulting from interruptions in our production capability or product liability claims relating to the products we manufacture. Premiums and deductibles for some of our insurance policies have been increasing and may, in the future, increase substantially. In some instances, some types of insurance may become available only for reduced amounts of coverage, if at all. Our insurers could also deny coverage for claims. In addition, we self-insure health benefits, and although we have a stop-loss policy in place to limit exposure, we may be adversely impacted by unfavorable claims experience. If the number or severity of health claims increases, or we are required to accrue or pay additional amounts because the claims prove to be more severe than our original assessment, our operating results would be adversely affected. Our future health claims expense might exceed historical levels, which could reduce our earnings. If we were to incur a significant liability for which we were not fully insured or that our insurers disputed or for which we self-insure, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. Risks Related to Our Indebtedness Our substantial indebtedness could adversely affect our financial condition. We have a significant amount of indebtedness. As of December 31, 2022, we have 322.6 million face value of indebtedness in the form of the New Term Loan outstanding under the New Credit Agreement and 75.0 million of availability under the New Revolving Credit Facility under the New Credit Agreement (each as defined below). Our obligations under the New Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of our and our subsidiaries assets. Subject to the limits contained in the New Credit Agreement, we may be able to incur substantial additional debt from time to time to finance capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions, or for other purposes. If we do incur substantial 
 27 

Table of Contents 
 additional debt, the risks related to our high level of debt could intensify. Specifically, our high level of indebtedness could have important consequences, including: limiting our ability to obtain additional financing to fund capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions or other general corporate requirements; requiring a substantial portion of our cash flow to be dedicated to payments to service our indebtedness instead of other purposes, thereby reducing the amount of cash flow available for capital expenditures, investments, acquisitions and other general corporate purposes; increasing our vulnerability to and the potential impact of adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions; limiting our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in the industry in which we compete; placing us at a disadvantage compared to other, less leveraged competitors or competitors with comparable debt at more favorable interest rates; and increasing our costs of borrowing. 
 In addition, the financial and other covenants we agreed to in the New Credit Agreement may limit our ability to incur additional indebtedness, make investments, and engage in other transactions, and the leverage may cause potential lenders to be less willing to loan funds to us in the future. Our business and operations may consume resources faster than we anticipate. In the future, we may need to raise additional funds through the issuance of new equity securities, debt, or a combination of both. Additional financing may not be available on favorable terms or at all. If adequate funds are not available on acceptable terms, we may be unable to fund our capital requirements. We may be unable to generate sufficient cash flow to satisfy our significant debt service obligations, which would adversely affect our financial condition and results of operations. Our ability to make principal and interest payments on and to refinance our indebtedness will depend on our ability to generate cash in the future. This, to a certain extent, is subject to general economic, financial, competitive, legislative, regulatory, and other factors that are beyond our control. If our business does not generate sufficient cash flow from operations, in the amounts projected or at all, or if future borrowings are not available to us in amounts sufficient to fund our other liquidity needs, our financial condition and results of operations may be adversely affected. If we cannot generate sufficient cash flow from operations to make scheduled principal amortization and interest payments on our debt obligations in the future, we may need to refinance all or a portion of our indebtedness on or before maturity, sell assets, delay capital expenditures, or seek additional equity investments. If we are unable to refinance any of our indebtedness on commercially reasonable terms or at all or to effect any other action relating to our indebtedness on satisfactory terms or at all, our business may be harmed. Our New Credit Agreement has restrictive terms and our failure to comply with any of these terms could put us in default, which would have an adverse effect on our business and prospects. Unless and until we repay all outstanding borrowings under our New Credit Agreement we will remain subject to the restrictive terms of these borrowings. The New Credit Agreement contains a number of covenants, including a financial covenant that requires us to maintain a certain first lien net leverage ratio if the outstanding usage under the New Revolving Credit Facility (as defined below) exceeds 40 of the commitments under the New Revolving Credit Facility, tested quarterly. These covenants limit the ability of certain of our subsidiaries to, among other things: sell assets; engage in mergers, acquisitions, and other business combinations; 
 28 

Table of Contents 
 declare dividends or redeem or repurchase capital stock; incur, assume, or permit to exist additional indebtedness or guarantees; make loans and investments; incur liens; and enter into transactions with affiliates. 
 Our ability to satisfy the financial ratio can be affected by events beyond our control, and we may not satisfy such a test. A breach of covenants could result in a default under the New Credit Agreement. By reason of cross-acceleration or cross-default provisions, other indebtedness may then become immediately due and payable. Our assets or cash flows may not be sufficient to fully repay borrowings under our outstanding debt instruments if accelerated upon an event of default. If amounts owed under the New Credit Agreement are accelerated because of a default and we are unable to pay such amounts, the investors may have the right to assume control of substantially all of the assets securing the New Credit Agreement. No assurance can be given that any refinancing or additional financing will be possible when needed or that we will be able to negotiate acceptable terms. In addition, our access to capital is affected by prevailing conditions in the financial and capital markets and other factors beyond our control. There can be no assurance that market conditions will be favorable at the times that we require new or additional financing. In addition, the New Credit Agreement contains restrictive covenants that limit our subsidiaries from making dividend payments, loans, or advances to the Company, unless certain conditions are met. Our failure to comply with such covenants may result in default, which could result in the acceleration of all our debt. Our indebtedness is variable rate, subjecting us to interest rate risk, which could cause our indebtedness service obligations to increase significantly. Borrowings under the New Credit Agreement accrue interest at variable rates and expose us to interest rate risk. Interest rates may fluctuate in the future. As a result, although we hedged most of our interest rate exposure under the New Credit Agreement, interest rates on the New Credit Agreement or other variable rate debt obligations could be higher or lower than current levels. If interest rates increase, our debt service obligations on our variable rate indebtedness would increase even though the amount borrowed remained the same, and our net income and cash flows, including cash available for servicing our indebtedness, would correspondingly decrease. Risks Related to Ownership of Our Common Stock Our stock price has been volatile, and you may not be able to resell our common stock at or above the price you paid. Since our IPO in April 2021, our stock price has been highly volatile. Such volatility may continue in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control, including: a slowdown in the housing market or the general economy; U.S. and international regulatory, political, and economic factors unrelated to our performance; market conditions in the broader stock market; actual or anticipated quarterly or annual variations in our results of operations from those of our competitors; 
 29 

Table of Contents 
 actual or anticipated changes in our growth rate relative to our competitors; changes in net sales or earnings estimates, or changes in recommendations or withdrawal of research coverage, by equity research analysts; fluctuations in the values of companies perceived by investors to be comparable to us; competition from existing technologies and products or new technologies and products that may emerge; developments with respect to intellectual property rights; sales, or the anticipation of sales, of our common stock by us, our insiders or our other stockholders, including the impacts if we are no longer a controlled company; our commencement of, or involvement in, litigation or governmental investigations; additions or departures of key management or technical personnel; changes in governmental regulations applicable to the market we serve; guidance, if any, that we may provide to the public, any changes in this guidance or our failure to meet this guidance; tax developments; announcements by us or our competitors of new products or services, significant contracts, commercial relationships, capital commitments or acquisitions; public response to press releases or other public announcements by us or third parties, including our filings with the SEC; default under agreements governing our indebtedness; exchange rate fluctuations; other events or factors, including those from natural disasters, war, acts of terrorism or responses to these events; and the realization of any risks described under this Risk Factors section, or other risks that may materialize in the future. 
 These and other factors, many of which are beyond our control, may cause our operating results and the market price and demand for our common stock to fluctuate substantially. While we believe that operating results for any particular quarter are not necessarily a meaningful indication of future results, fluctuations in our quarterly operating results may negatively affect the market price and liquidity of our stock. In addition, in the past, when the market price of a stock has been volatile, holders of that stock have sometimes instituted securities class action litigation against the company that issued the stock. If any of our stockholders brought a lawsuit against us, we could incur substantial costs defending the lawsuit. Such a lawsuit could also divert the time and attention of our management from our business, which could significantly harm our profitability and reputation. In addition, the stock markets, and the market for growth stocks in particular, have from time to time experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating 
 30 

Table of Contents 
 performance of those companies. Broad market and industry factors may significantly affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. You may not realize any return on your investment in us and may lose some or all of your investment. We are an emerging growth company, and the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to such companies could make our common stock less attractive to investors. We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act enacted in April 2012, and may remain an emerging growth company until December 31, 2026. For as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we are permitted and intend to rely on exemptions from certain disclosure requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We have taken advantage of reduced reporting burdens in this Annual Report. We cannot predict whether investors will find our common stock less attractive if we rely on these exemptions. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, delaying the adoption of these accounting standards until they would apply to private companies. We have elected to take advantage of this extended transition period and therefore will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result of any choices to reduce future disclosure, there may be a less active trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile and it may be difficult for us to raise additional capital if and when we need it. Our Principal Stockholders continue to have significant influence over us, including control over decisions that require the approval of stockholders, which could limit your ability to influence the outcome of matters submitted to stockholders for a vote. Pamplona Capital Partners V, L.P., an investment fund (the Pamplona Fund managed by affiliates of Pamplona Capital Management, LLC (together with its respective subsidiaries and affiliates, Pamplona and Wynnchurch Capital Partners IV, L.P. Wynnchurch IV and WC Partners Executive IV, L. P. WC Executive (collectively, the Wynnchurch Funds managed by affiliates of Wynnchurch Capital, L.P. (together with its respective subsidiaries and affiliates, Wynnchurch are currently our majority stockholders (the Principal Stockholders ). Affiliates of our Principal Stockholders together own approximately 47.0 of the outstanding shares of our common stock as of March 2, 2023. As long as affiliates of our Principal Stockholders own or control a majority of our outstanding voting power, our Principal Stockholders and their affiliates will have the ability to exercise substantial control over all corporate actions requiring stockholder approval, irrespective of how our other stockholders may vote, including: the election and removal of directors and the size of our board of directors; any amendment of our articles of incorporation or bylaws; or the approval of mergers and other significant corporate transactions, including a sale of substantially all of our assets. 
 In addition, Pamplona has certain board nomination rights that will enable it to exercise substantial control over all corporate actions. Pamplona has the right to nominate to our board of directors a number of designees on a sliding scale depending on Pamplona s affiliates ownership of our common stock, ranging from Pamplona being able to nominate at least a majority of the total number of directors so long as its affiliates beneficially own at least 50 of the shares of our common stock to Pamplona being able to nominate at least 10 of the total number of directors as long as its affiliates beneficially own at least 5 . Moreover, ownership of our shares by affiliates of our Principal Stockholders may also adversely affect the trading price for our common stock to the extent investors perceive disadvantages in owning shares of a company with a 
 31 

Table of Contents 
 controlling shareholder. For example, the concentration of ownership held by our Principal Stockholders could delay, defer, or prevent a change in control of our company or impede a merger, takeover, or other business combination which may otherwise be favorable for us. In addition, our Principal Stockholders are in the business of making investments in companies and may, from time to time, acquire interests in businesses that directly or indirectly compete with our business, as well as businesses that are significant existing or potential customers. Many of the companies in which our Principal Stockholders invest are franchisors and may compete with us for access to suitable locations, experienced management, and qualified and well-capitalized franchisees. Our Principal Stockholders may acquire or seek to acquire assets complementary to our business that we seek to acquire and, as a result, those acquisition opportunities may not be available to us or may be more expensive for us to pursue, and as a result, the interests of our Principal Stockholders may not coincide with the interests of our other stockholders. So long as our Principal Stockholders continue to directly or indirectly own a significant amount of our equity, even if such amount is less than 50 , our Principal Stockholders will continue to be able to substantially influence or effectively control our ability to enter into corporate transactions. Our organizational documents and Delaware law may impede or discourage a takeover, which could deprive our investors of the opportunity to receive a premium on their shares. Provisions of our certificate of incorporation and bylaws may make it more difficult for, or prevent a third party from, acquiring control of us without the approval of our board of directors. These provisions include: providing that our board of directors will be divided into three classes, with each class of directors serving staggered three-year terms; providing for the removal of directors only for cause and only upon the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 66 2/3 in voting power of all the then-outstanding shares of stock of the Company entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a single class, if less than a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock is beneficially owned by our Principal Stockholders; empowering only the board to fill any vacancy on our board of directors (other than in respect of our Principal Stockholders directors (as defined below)), whether such vacancy occurs as a result of an increase in the number of directors or otherwise, if less than a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock is beneficially owned by our Principal Stockholders; authorizing the issuance of blank check preferred stock without any need for action by stockholders; prohibiting stockholders from acting by written consent if less than a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock is beneficially owned by our Principal Stockholders; to the extent permitted by law, prohibiting stockholders from calling a special meeting of stockholders if less than a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock is beneficially owned by our Principal Stockholders; and establishing advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors or for proposing matters that can be acted on by stockholders at stockholder meetings. 
 Additionally, our certificate of incorporation provides that we are not governed by Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law (the DGCL ), which, in the absence of such provisions, would have imposed additional requirements regarding mergers and other business combinations. However, our certificate of incorporation includes a provision that restricts us from engaging in any business combination with an interested stockholder for three years following the date that person becomes an interested stockholder, but such restrictions shall not apply to any business combination between our Principal Stockholders and any affiliate thereof or their direct and indirect transferees, on the one hand, and us, on the other. 
 32 

Table of Contents 
 Any issuance by us of preferred stock could delay or prevent a change in control of us. Our board of directors has the authority to cause us to issue, without any further vote or action by the stockholders, shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share, in one or more series, to designate the number of shares constituting any series, and to fix the rights, preferences, privileges, and restrictions thereof, including dividend rights, voting rights, rights and terms of redemption, redemption price or prices, and liquidation preferences of such series. The issuance of shares of our preferred stock may have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing a change in control without further action by the stockholders, even where stockholders are offered a premium for their shares. In addition, as long as our Principal Stockholders beneficially own at least a majority of the voting power of our outstanding common stock, our Principal Stockholders will be able to control all matters requiring stockholder approval, including the election of directors, amendment of our certificate of incorporation and certain corporate transactions. Together, these certificate of incorporation, bylaw and statutory provisions could make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our common stock. Furthermore, the existence of the foregoing provisions, as well as the significant common stock beneficially owned by our Principal Stockholders and their right to nominate a specified number of directors in certain circumstances, could limit the price that investors might be willing to pay in the future for shares of our common stock. They could also deter potential acquirers of us, thereby reducing the likelihood that you could receive a premium for your common stock in an acquisition. Our certificate of incorporation contains a provision renouncing our interest and expectancy in certain corporate opportunities. Under our certificate of incorporation, none of our Principal Stockholders, any affiliates of our Principal Stockholders, or any of their respective officers, directors, agents, stockholders, members, or partners, have any duty to refrain from engaging, directly or indirectly, in the same business activities, similar business activities, or lines of business in which we operate. In addition, our certificate of incorporation provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by law, no officer or director of ours who is also an officer, director, employee, managing director or other affiliate of our Principal Stockholders will be liable to us or our stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty by reason of the fact that any such individual directs a corporate opportunity to any Principal Stockholder, instead of us, or does not communicate information regarding a corporate opportunity to us that the officer, director, employee, managing director, or other affiliate has directed to a Principal Stockholder. For instance, a director of our company who also serves as a director, officer, or employee of one of our Principal Stockholders or any of their portfolio companies, funds, or other affiliates may pursue certain acquisitions or other opportunities that may be complementary to our business and, as a result, such acquisition or other opportunities may not be available to us. Our board of directors consists of nine members, six of whom are our Principal Stockholders directors. These potential conflicts of interest could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, or prospects if attractive corporate opportunities are allocated by one of our Principal Stockholders to itself or its affiliated funds, the portfolio companies owned by such funds or any affiliates of a Principal Stockholder instead of to us. A description of our obligations related to corporate opportunities under our certificate of incorporation are more fully described in Description of Capital Stock Anti-Takeover Effects of Our Certificate of Incorporation and Bylaws and Certain Provisions of Delaware Law Conflicts of Interest. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends, and accordingly, stockholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment. We do not currently anticipate declaring any cash dividends to holders of our common stock. Consequently, investors must rely on sales of their common stock after price appreciation, which may never occur, as the only way to realize any future gains on their investment. Investors seeking cash dividends should not invest in our common stock. We are a holding company and rely on dividends, distributions and other payments, advances, and transfers of funds from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations. We are a holding company that does not conduct any business operations of our own. As a result, we are largely dependent upon cash dividends and distributions and other transfers, including for payments in respect of our indebtedness, from our subsidiaries to meet our obligations. The agreements governing the indebtedness of our 
 33 

Table of Contents 
 subsidiaries impose restrictions on our subsidiaries ability to pay dividends or other distributions to us. See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. Each of our subsidiaries is a distinct legal entity, and under certain circumstances legal and contractual restrictions may limit our ability to obtain cash from them and we may be limited in our ability to cause any future joint ventures to distribute their earnings to us. The deterioration of the earnings from, or other available assets of, our subsidiaries for any reason could also limit or impair their ability to pay dividends or other distributions to us. Our certificate of incorporation provides that the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for substantially all disputes between us and our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees. Our certificate of incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware is the sole and exclusive forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or agents to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or of our certificate of incorporation or our bylaws or (iv) any action asserting a claim related to or involving the Company that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine. However, the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), or any other claim for which the federal courts have exclusive jurisdiction. The forum selection provisions in our certificate of incorporation also provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the United States will be the exclusive forum for the resolution of any complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. We recognize that the forum selection clause in our certificate of incorporation may impose additional litigation costs on stockholders in pursuing any such claims, particularly if the stockholders do not reside in or near the State of Delaware. Additionally, the forum selection clause in our certificate of incorporation may limit our stockholders ability to bring a claim in a forum that they find favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers or employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers and employees even though an action, if successful, might benefit our stockholders. The Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware may also reach different judgments or results than would other courts, including courts where a stockholder considering an action may be located or would otherwise choose to bring the action, and such judgments may be more or less favorable to us than our stockholders. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in shares of our capital stock will be deemed to have notice of and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to have consented to the provisions of our certificate of incorporation described above. The choice of forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors, officers, or other employees, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and our directors, officers, and other employees. However, the enforceability of similar forum provisions (including exclusive federal forum provisions for actions, suits or proceedings asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act) in other companies organizational documents has been challenged in legal proceedings and there is uncertainty as to whether courts would enforce the exclusive forum provisions in our certificate of incorporation. If a court were to find the choice of forum provision contained in our certificate of incorporation to be inapplicable or unenforceable in an action, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such action in other jurisdictions, which could materially adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments None 
 34 

Table of Contents 
 Item 2. Properties Our headquarters are in Latham, New York. We have manufacturing and storage facilities in the United States, Canada, New Zealand, and Australia. We believe our facilities are adequate and suitable for our current needs. 

Ownership Location Purpose Size (Sq. ft.) (owned or leased) Melbourne, Australia Storage facility and office 6,243 Leased Picton, Australia Fiberglass facility 49,514 Leased Picton, Australia Storage 115,174 (1) Leased Sydney, Australia Office 6,889 Leased Yalta, Australia Fiberglass facility 32,292 Leased Ajax, Canada Fiberglass steps 25,641 Leased Brantford, Canada Liners, steel panels and covers facility 113,360 Leased Kingston, Canada Fiberglass facility 2,700 Leased Terrebonne, Canada Warehouse/distribution 35,000 Leased Hamilton, New Zealand Fiberglass facility 21,528 Leased Hamilton, New Zealand Mold building facility 10,764 Leased Williams, California Fiberglass facility 67,734 Leased Zephyrhills, Florida Fiberglass facility 42,000 Leased Suwanee, Georgia Liners and covers facility 84,466 Leased Fort Wayne, Indiana Liners, kits and covers facility 161,000 Leased Plainfield, Indiana Automatic safety covers facility 99,288 Leased De Witt, Iowa Fiberglass facility 40,000 Leased Bossier City, Louisiana Liners and covers facility 47,334 (2) Leased Breaux Bridge, Louisiana Fiberglass facility 22,463 Leased Albany, New York Aluminum kit facility 86,000 Leased Albany, New York Warehouse 7,650 Leased Latham, New York Headquarters, polymer panels and thermoformed steps facility 97,000 Owned Queensbury, New York Fiberglass depot 82,550 Leased Scotia, New York Liners and covers facility 122,543 Leased Powells Point, North Carolina Fiberglass depot 1,200 Leased Rockingham, North Carolina Fiberglass facility 45,330 Owned Youngstown, Ohio Warehouse finished products 105,000 Leased Youngstown, Ohio Warehouse raw materials 86,812 Leased Youngstown, Ohio Liners and covers facility 16,992 Leased Seminole, Oklahoma Fiberglass facility 17,956 Owned Fayetteville, Tennessee Fiberglass facility 58,631 Owned Odessa, Texas Fiberglass facility 33,500 (3) Leased Lindon, Utah Automatic safety covers facility 55,789 Leased Lindon, Utah Warehouse and office 6,750 Leased Jane Lew, West Virginia Fiberglass facility 67,100 Leased Jane Lew, West Virginia Storage facility and office 18,000 Leased 

 (1) Land Only (2) On November 8, 2022, we approved a cost reduction plan which involved the closure of the facility in Bossier City, Louisiana in the first quarter of 2023. (3) This property was impacted by a fire in April of 2022 which primarily impacted the facility s production area, we are currently evaluating the future plans for this property. 
 In addition to our existing facilities, we have commenced building a 170,000 square foot fiberglass manufacturing facility on a 148 acres site in Kingston, Loyalist Township in Ontario, Canada, with production expected to begin in 2023. 
 35 

Table of Contents 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings From time to time, we may be involved in litigation relating to claims arising out of our operations and businesses that cover a wide range of matters, including, among others, contract and employment claims, personal injury claims, intellectual property claims, product liability claims and warranty claims. Currently, there are no claims or proceedings against us that we believe will have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. Further, no material legal proceedings were terminated, settled, or otherwise resolved during the fourth quarter of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. However, the results of any current or future litigation cannot be predicted with certainty and, regardless of the outcome, we may incur significant costs and experience a diversion of management resources as a result of litigation. Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures Not applicable. 
 36 

Table of Contents 
 Part II Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities Market and Stockholders Our common stock has been traded on the NASDAQ Global Select Market under the symbol SWIM since April 23, 2021. Prior to that date, there was no public trading market for our common stock. On December 31, 2022, there were 30 registered holders of record of our common stock. A greater number of holders are street name or beneficial holders, whose shares are held of record by banks, brokers, and other financial institutions. Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities On May 10, 2022, we approved a stock repurchase program, which authorized us to repurchase up to 100.0 million of our shares of common stock over the next three years. We may effect these repurchases in open market transactions, privately negotiated purchases, or other acquisitions. We are not obligated to repurchase any of our shares of our common stock under the program and the timing and amount of any repurchases will depend on market conditions, our stock price, alternative uses of capital, the terms of our debt instruments, and other factors. The following table shows the total number of shares repurchased on a trade date basis during the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022. 

Period Total number of shares purchased Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plan 1 Approximate dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased under the plan (in thousands) October 2, 2022 - October 29, 2022 85,000 October 30, 2022 - November 26, 2022 992,034 3.13 992,034 81,891 November 27, 2022 - December 31, 2022 1,465,355 3.36 1,465,355 76,962 Total 2,457,389 3.27 2,457,389 76,962 
 (1) All shares were repurchased under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. 
 Dividends We currently do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock. However, we may in the future decide to pay dividends on our common stock. Any declaration and payment of cash dividends in the future, will be at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon such factors as earnings levels, cash flows, capital requirements, levels of indebtedness, restrictions imposed by applicable law, our overall financial condition, restrictions in our debt agreements, and any other factors deemed relevant by our board of directors. As a holding company, our ability to pay dividends depends on our receipt of cash dividends from our operating subsidiaries. Our ability to pay dividends will therefore be restricted as a result of restrictions on their ability to pay dividends to us under our New Credit Agreement and under other current and future indebtedness that we or they may incur. See Risk Factors Risks Relating Ownership of our Common Stock We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends, and accordingly, stockholders must rely on stock appreciation for any return on their investment and 
 37 

Table of Contents 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Liquidity and Capital Resources. Performance Graph The following graph compares the cumulative total return on our common stock since it began trading on the NASDAQ Global Select Market on April 23, 2021 with the cumulative total return of the Russell 2000 Index and the S P SmallCap 600 Consumer Discretionary Index. The graph assumes, in each case, an initial investment of 100 on April 23, 2021, based on the market price at the end of each month through and including December 31, 2022, and that all dividends paid by companies included in these indices have been reinvested. We did not pay any dividends during the period reflected in the graph. 

4/23/2021 12/31/2021 12/31/2022 Latham Group, Inc. 100.00 91.85 11.82 Russell 2000 100.00 99.56 79.21 S P SmallCap 600 Consumer Discretionary Index 100.00 98.11 70.82 Item 6. Reserved 
 38 

Table of Contents 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations The following discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with other sections of this Annual Report, including Item 1. Business, and our audited consolidated financial statements and related notes for the three years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Overview We are the largest designer, manufacturer, and marketer of in-ground residential swimming pools in North America, Australia, and New Zealand. We hold the #1 position in North America in every product category in which we compete. We believe that we are the most sought-after brand in the pool industry and the only pool company that has established a direct relationship with the homeowner. We are Latham, The Pool Company TM . With an operating history that spans over 65 years, we offer the industry s broadest portfolio of pools and related products, including in-ground swimming pools, pool liners, and pool covers. We have a heritage of innovation. In an industry that has traditionally marketed on a business-to-business basis (pool manufacturer to dealer), we pioneered the first direct-to-homeowner digital and social marketing strategy that has transformed the homeowner s purchase journey. Through this marketing strategy, we are able to create demand for our pools and to provide high quality, purchase-ready consumer leads to our dealer partners. Partnership with our dealers is integral to our collective success, and we have enjoyed long-tenured relationships averaging over 14 years. We support our dealer network with business development tools, co-branded marketing programs, and in-house training, as well as an operations platform consisting of over 2,000 employees across over 30 locations. The full resources of our company are dedicated to designing and manufacturing high-quality pool products, with the homeowner in mind, and positioning ourselves as a value-added partner to our dealers. As a result of this approach, 2022 marked our 13 th consecutive year of net sales growth and Adjusted EBITDA growth. Net income does not adhere to this trend. We conduct our business as one operating and reportable segment that designs, manufactures, and markets in-ground swimming pools, liners, and covers. Recent Developments Highlights for the year ended December 31, 2022 Increase in net sales of 10.4 , or 65.2 million, to 695.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 630.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Decrease in net loss of 56.6 million, to 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to a net loss of 62.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, representing a 0.8 net loss margin for the year ended December 31, 2022. Increase in Adjusted EBITDA (as defined below) of 3.5 million, to 143.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 139.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 39 

Table of Contents 
 Business Update Market conditions continue to evolve. Macroeconomic uncertainty is affecting consumer spending and softening demand for consumer durables, resulting in declines in U.S. new in-ground pool installations in 2022. We anticipate further net sales declines in our in-ground swimming pool product line in 2023. We continue to see destocking of packaged pool inventory at the wholesale distribution-level, and we expect normalization of inventory levels to remain a headwind. We believe continued progress on fiberglass conversion efforts, especially from concrete, will be a modest tailwind as we continue to work to drive homeowner and dealer awareness and adoption. We continue to take a disciplined approach to capital investments, with the focus on the completion of previously announced projects. This includes the completion of our Kingston, Ontario facility as well as our acquired fiberglass manufacturing assets in Seminole, Oklahoma. The Kingston and Seminole facilities for production will give us the opportunity to reduce freight costs, tighten our lead times, and tap into large markets with strong fiberglass conversion opportunities. We have responded to economic uncertainty with immediate actions to reduce our costs. On November 8, 2022, we approved a cost reduction plan to optimize our production and shift schedules, implement a workforce reduction, and streamline our cover and liner manufacturing footprint with the closure of our Bossier City, Louisiana facility in the first quarter of 2023. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized costs related to the plan totaling 1.1 million, comprised primarily of 1.0 million for severance and related costs and 0.1 million of fixed asset and facility related expenses. The remaining costs under the plan of approximately 0.5 million are expected to be incurred and recognized in 2023. We expect to generate annual operating expense savings of approximately 12.0 million in fiscal 2023 as a result of our cost reduction plan. Leadership Transition On January 19, 2023, we announced that Robert L. Masson II will step down as our Chief Financial Officer for family reasons, effective March 17, 2023. J. Mark Borseth, who previously served as Latham s Chief Financial Officer from February 2020 to July 2022, rejoined Latham as a strategic advisor effective February 13, 2023. On March 18, 2023, Mr. Borseth will become the Interim Chief Financial Officer. A search for a permanent Chief Financial Officer is underway. Share Repurchase Program On May 10, 2022, we approved a stock repurchase program (the Repurchase Program ), which authorized us to repurchase up to 100 million of our shares of common stock over the next three years. We may effect these repurchases in open market transactions, privately negotiated purchases, or other acquisitions. We are not obligated to repurchase any of our outstanding shares under the Repurchase Program and the timing and amount of any repurchases will depend on market conditions, our stock price, alternative uses of capital, the terms of our debt instruments, and other factors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we repurchased and concurrently retired 4,483,620 shares of our common stock for an aggregate amount of 23.0 million, pursuant to the Repurchase Program. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 77.0 million remained available for share repurchases pursuant to our Repurchase Program. Key Factors Affecting our Performance Our results of operations and financial condition are affected by the following factors, which reflect our operating philosophy and focus on designing, manufacturing, and marketing high quality and innovative pools and pool covers for the in-ground swimming pool market. 
 40 

Table of Contents 
 Volume of Products Sold Our net sales depend primarily on the volume of products we sell during any given period, and volume is affected by the following items, among others: Sales, distribution, and marketing: While we have traditionally relied on our dealers and distributors to raise awareness of our products, we pioneered the first direct-to-homeowner digital and social marketing strategy that has transformed the homeowner s purchase journey. Through this marketing strategy, we are able to create demand for our pools and generate and provide high quality, purchase-ready consumer leads to our dealer partners. 
 In order to strengthen our relationship with our loyal dealer partners, we have implemented Latham Grand, a key dealer strategy whereby we have secured exclusivity from over 250 of our largest dealers in North America, which also includes the United States largest franchised dealer network, Premier Pools Spas. We also have a strong distribution network as a result of over 450 distributor branch locations that represent our products. Through our significant investments in partnerships with dealers and distributors and our consumer-oriented marketing efforts, we have created both a push and pull demand dynamic for our products in the marketplace. We invest in our exclusive dealers through localized marketing spend, co-branding opportunities, tailored offerings, and priority lead generation. We also provide our dealers with enhanced product literature, in-store display samples, and other initiatives to drive sales. We have directed a significant portion of our advertising spend to digital channels, including social media and search advertising. Our improved digital marketing engine has the ability to strategically target market spend and to generate leads in territories where dealers have capacity to install more pools, markets where we are underpenetrated, or simply into the largest in-ground swimming pool markets. Our volume of product sales in a given period will be impacted by changes in our distribution platform and by our ability to generate leads for our dealers. Material conversion: We have continued to increase sales of our products through our focused efforts to drive material conversion and market penetration of our products, specifically our fiberglass pools, which continue to take market share from traditional concrete pools and enable dramatically improved economics for consumers, dealers, and pool installers. We believe that this will be a long-term trend toward material conversion from traditional concrete pools. We believe that our fiberglass pools offer a compelling value proposition because of their lower up-front and lifecycle cost of ownership, less maintenance, higher quality, lower usage of harsh chemicals, quicker installation, and more convenient experience, compared to products manufactured from traditional materials. We anticipate that sales of our fiberglass pool products will continue to benefit from material conversion. The success of our efforts to drive conversion during any given period will impact the volume of our products sold during that period. Product Innovation : We continue to develop and introduce innovative products to accelerate material conversion and to expand our markets. The continuous evolution and expansion of our product portfolio is critical to our sales growth, expanding market share, and overall success. Our broad product offering allows dealers and distributors to offer consumers a wide variety of innovative pool shapes, depths, and lengths. Specifically, our innovative fiberglass pool offering employs the most durable components, consisting of a carbon fiber, Kevlar, and ceramic fiberglass build. Our use of innovative technology and premium materials result in long-lasting products that not only require lower up-front costs, but also save homeowners time and money from continuous maintenance throughout the product lifecycle. We believe that new products will enhance our ability to compete with traditional materials at a variety of price points, and we expect to continue to devote significant resources to developing innovative new products. The volume of our products sold during a given period will depend in part on our successfully introducing new products that generate additional demand, as well as the extent to which new products may impact our sales of existing products. Economic conditions : Demand for our products is affected by a number of economic factors impacting our customers and consumers. Customers typically pay for their new pools from assets on hand or from borrowing. A frequent source of borrowing is home equity financing, and accordingly, the level of equity in homes will affect consumers ability to obtain a home equity line of credit and to engage in backyard renovations that 
 41 

Table of Contents 
 would result in purchases of our products. Demand for our products is also affected by the level of interest rates and the availability of credit, consumer confidence and spending, housing affordability, demographic trends, employment levels, and other macroeconomic factors that may influence the extent to which consumers engage in renovations to their backyard, including pool installation projects to enhance the outdoor living spaces of their homes. Seasonality and weather: Although we generally have demand for our products throughout the year, our business is seasonal, and weather is one of the principal external factors affecting the business. In general, net sales and net income are highest during spring and summer, representing the peak months of swimming pool use, pool installation and remodeling and repair activities. Severe weather also may play a role in affecting sales growth, as particularly rainy or cold years tend to slow the volume of sales, including as a result of complicating conditions for pool installations. Catastrophic events, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, and earthquakes can cause interruptions to our operations. These scenarios are partially mitigated by our geographic diversity, both across the United States and through international markets. 
 Pricing In general, our products are priced to be competitive in the in-ground swimming pool market, including the prices for concrete pools, and to keep in line with changes in our input costs. Cost and Availability of Materials Raw material costs, including costs of PVC, galvanized steel, fiberglass, aluminum, carbon fiber, Kevlar fiber, various resins, gelcoat, polypropylene fabric, ceramics, and roving, represent a majority of our cost of sales. Our supply agreements with key suppliers are typically negotiated on an annual basis. The cost of the raw materials used in our manufacturing processes is subject to volatility and has been affected by changes in supply and demand. We have minimal fixed-price contracts with our major vendors. We have not entered into hedges of our raw material costs at this time, but we may choose to enter into such hedges in the future. Prices for spot market purchases are negotiated on a continuous basis in line with current market prices. Other than occasional strategic purchases of larger quantities of certain raw materials, we generally buy materials on an as-needed basis. Changes in prices of our raw materials have a direct impact on our cost of sales. Acquisitions and Partnerships On October 22, 2020, we acquired GLI, which specializes in manufacturing custom vinyl pool liners and safety covers. The acquisition expanded our liner and safety cover product offerings. On November 24, 2021, we acquired Radiant Pools, a manufacturer of vinyl-lined and aluminum-walled swimming pools. The acquisition expands our product portfolio into vinyl-lined and aluminum-walled swimming pools. On November 8, 2022, we acquired certain fiberglass pool manufacturing assets in Seminole, Oklahoma, that qualified as a business combination. This acquisition will replace lost fiberglass manufacturing capacity in Odessa, TX because of a plant fire and place our production closer to strong consumer markets in the region. The consolidated financial statements include the results of operations of these acquisitions since their respective acquisition dates. The total purchase consideration was allocated to the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their estimated fair values as of the date of acquisition, as determined by management. The excess of the purchase price over the amounts allocated to assets acquired and liabilities assumed has been recorded as goodwill. On October 30, 2020, we entered into a long-term strategic partnership with and acquired a 28 equity interest in Premier Pools Spas, a pool builder focusing on in-ground swimming pools. In August 2021, we sold a portion of our interest in Premier Pools Spas, retaining a post-sale ownership interest of 20.1 . On December 17, 2021, Premier Pools Spas issued additional non-voting common units. Our ownership interest in Premier Pools Spas after the 
 42 

Table of Contents 
 issuance of additional non-voting common units is 18.2 while our voting interest remains 20.1 . The purpose of this investment in Premier Pools Spas is to help expand our sales and distribution channels. Products are sold directly to the franchisees, third parties independent of Premier Pools and Spas, and are therefore not considered related party transactions. Our investment in Premier Pools Spas is reflected as an equity method investment on our consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2022, and our proportionate share of earnings or losses of Premier Pools Spas is recognized in earnings (losses) from equity method investment in our consolidated statement of operations on a three-month lag. Product Mix We seek to continue to enhance our gross margins by improving the mix of products we sell, reducing fixed costs per unit, improving efficiency across our operations, including by investing in, and expanding, our digitally-enabled lead sourcing capabilities, expanding our specialized training opportunities such as Latham University, and sales support initiatives such as localized digital marketing spend, co-branding, enhanced product literature, in-store display samples, and social media initiatives. Key Performance Indicators Net Sales We derive our revenue from the design, manufacture, and sale of in-ground swimming pools, pool covers, and liners. We sell fiberglass pools, which are one-piece manufactured fiberglass pools that are ready to be installed in a consumer s backyard, and custom vinyl pools, which are manufactured pools that are made out of non-corrosive steel or composite polymer frame, on top of which a vinyl liner is installed. We sell liners for the interior surface of vinyl pools (including pools that were not manufactured by us). We also sell all-season covers, which are winterizing mesh or solid pool covers that protect pools against debris and cold or inclement weather, and automatic safety covers for pools that can be operated with a switch. Our sales are made through one-step and two-step business-to-business distribution channels. In our one-step distribution channel, we sell our products directly to dealers who, in turn, sell our products to consumers. In our two-step distribution channel, we sell our products to distributors who warehouse our products and sell them on to dealers, who ultimately sell our products to consumers. Each product shipped is considered to be one performance obligation. With the exception of our extended service warranties and our custom product contracts, we recognize our revenue when control of our promised goods is transferred to our customers (dealer in one-step distribution channel or distributor in two-step distribution channel), either upon shipment or arrival at our customer s destination depending upon the terms of the purchase order. Sales are recognized net of any estimated rebates, returns, allowances, cash discounts or other sales incentives. Revenue that is derived from our extended service warranties, which are separately priced and sold, is recognized over the term of the contracts. Revenue from custom products is recognized over time utilizing an input method that compares the cost of cumulative work-in-process to date to the most current estimates for the entire cost of the performance obligation. See Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Revenue Recognition. Gross Margin Gross margin is gross profit as a percentage of our net sales. Gross margin depends upon several factors, such as the prices we charge buyers, changes in prices of raw materials, the volume and relative sales mix among product lines, and plant performance, among other factors. Gross margin is also impacted by the costs of distribution and occupancy costs, which can vary. Our gross profit is variable in nature and generally follows changes in net sales. The components of our cost of sales may not be comparable to the components of cost of sales or similar measures of other companies. As a result, our gross profit and gross margin may not be comparable to similar data made available by other companies. 
 43 

Table of Contents 
 Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin to supplement GAAP measures of performance to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, to make budgeting decisions, to utilize as a significant performance metric in our annual management incentive bonus plan compensation and to compare our performance against that of other peer companies using similar measures. We define Adjusted EBITDA as net income (loss) plus (i) depreciation and amortization, (ii) interest expense, (iii) income tax (benefit) expense, (iv) loss (gain) on sale and disposal of property and equipment, (v) restructuring charges, (vi) stock-based compensation expense, (vii) unrealized (gains) losses on foreign currency transactions, (viii) strategic initiative costs, (ix) acquisition and integration related costs, (x) loss on extinguishment of debt, (xi) underwriting fees related to offering of common stock, (xii) the Odessa fire and other such unusual events, (xiii) IPO costs and (xiv) other. We believe excluding these items allows for better comparison of our financial results across reporting periods. We define Adjusted EBITDA margin as Adjusted EBITDA divided by net sales. Our definitions of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin may not be comparable to similarly titled measures of other companies. We believe Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are useful measurements for investors as they help identify underlying trends that could otherwise be masked by certain expenses that we do not consider indicative of our ongoing operating performance. We also use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin for planning purposes, assessing our financial performance, and other strategic decisions. For a discussion of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin and the limitations on their use, and the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, and our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA margin see Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. 
 44 

Table of Contents 
 Results of Operations Year ended December 31, 2022 Compared to Year ended December 31, 2021 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Year Ended December 31, Change of of Change of 2022 Net Sales 2021 Net Sales Amount Net Sales (dollars in thousands) Net sales 695,736 100.0 630,456 100.0 65,280 Cost of sales 479,267 68.9 426,294 67.6 52,973 1.3 Gross profit 216,469 31.1 204,162 32.4 12,307 (1.3) Selling, general, and administrative expense 146,842 21.1 217,775 34.5 (70,933) (13.4) Underwriting fees related to offering of common stock 11,437 1.6 11,437 1.6 Amortization 28,180 4.1 22,566 3.6 5,614 0.5 Income (loss) from operations 30,010 4.3 (36,179) (5.7) 66,189 10.0 Other expense (income): Interest expense 15,753 2.3 24,433 3.9 (8,680) (1.6) Loss on extinguishment of debt 3,465 0.5 3,465 0.5 Other expense (income), net 1,301 0.1 (4,860) (0.8) 6,161 0.9 Total other expense (income), net 20,519 2.9 19,573 3.1 946 (0.2) Earnings from equity method investment 4,230 0.6 2,222 0.3 2,008 0.3 Income (loss) before income taxes 13,721 2.0 (53,530) (8.5) 67,251 10.5 Income tax expense 19,415 2.8 8,818 1.4 10,597 1.4 Net loss (5,694) (0.8) (62,348) (9.9) 56,654 9.1 Adjusted EBITDA 143,252 20.6 139,819 22.2 3,433 (1.6) Net Sales Net sales was 695.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 630.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 65.2 million, or 10.4 , increase in net sales was driven by a 109.6 million increase from pricing, partially offset by a 44.4 million decrease from volume. The 109.6 million price increase reflects the impact of pricing actions to address inflation. The 44.4 million volume decrease was largely in packaged pools, driven by continued destocking of inventory in the wholesale distribution channel. The increase in total net sales across our product lines was 17.0 million for in-ground swimming pools, 26.3 million for covers and 21.9 million for liners. Cost of Sales and Gross Margin Cost of sales was 479.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 426.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and increased as a percentage of net sales by 1.3 . Gross margin decreased by 1.3 to 31.1 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 32.4 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 53.0 million, or 12.4 , increase in cost of sales was primarily the result of cost inflation, partially offset by a 4.9 million decrease in non-cash stock-based compensation expense. The 1.3 decrease in gross margin was primarily driven by the impact of inflation and negative fixed cost leverage. Negative fixed cost leverage was driven by volume declines, primarily in packaged pools, driven by continued destocking of inventory in the wholesale distribution channel. 
 45 

Table of Contents 
 Selling, General, and Administrative Expense Selling, general, and administrative expense was 146.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 217.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and decreased as a percentage of net sales by 13.4 . The 71.0 million, or 32.6 decrease in selling, general, and administrative expense was primarily driven by a 73.2 million decrease in non-cash stock-based compensation expense. Amortization Amortization was 28.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 22.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 5.6 million, or 24.9 increase in amortization was driven by the increase in definite-lived intangible assets resulting from our acquisition of Radiant in November 2021. Interest Expense Interest expense was 15.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 24.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 8.6 million, or 35.5 decrease in interest expense was primarily the result of lower amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount and a lower average interest rate from the February 2022 debt refinancing, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. In addition, interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 was partially offset by an unrealized gain of 3.0 million related to the change in fair value of our interest rate swap. Other Expense (Income), Net Other expense (income), net was 1.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4.9) million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 6.2 million increase in other expense (income), net was primarily driven by a non-recurring 4.8 million gain related to the partial sale of our equity method investment during the year ended December 31, 2021 and a 1.3 million unfavorable change in net foreign currency transaction gains and losses associated with our international subsidiaries. Earnings from Equity Method Investments Earnings from equity method investment of Premier Pools Spa was 4.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 2.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily because of the financial performance of Premier Pools Spa, partially offset by our reduced ownership interest during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. Income Tax Expense Income tax expense was 19.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 8.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. Our effective tax rate was 141.5 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to (16.5) for the year ended December 31, 2021. The income tax expense of 19.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 was primarily because of a 9.2 million expense related to non-deductible stock compensation. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the effective tax rate differed from the statutory tax rate primarily because of nondeductible stock compensation of 25.7 million, partially offset by 12.7 million benefit related to the release of the valuation allowance on Canadian deferred tax assets. Net Loss Net loss was 5.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 62.3 million of net loss for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 56.6 million, or 90.9 decrease in net loss was primarily driven by the factors described above. 
 46 

Table of Contents 
 Net Loss Margin Net loss margin was 0.8 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to net loss margin of 9.9 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 9.1 decrease in net loss margin was driven by a 56.6 million decrease in net loss and a 65.2 million increase in net sales, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021 because of the factors described above. Adjusted EBITDA Adjusted EBITDA was 143.3 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 139.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 3.5 million, or 2.5 increase in Adjusted EBITDA was primarily because of the increase in net sales. For a discussion of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin and the limitations on their use, and the reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income (loss), the most directly comparable GAAP financial measure, and our calculation of Adjusted EBITDA margin see Non-GAAP Financial Measures below. Adjusted EBITDA Margin Adjusted EBITDA margin was 20.6 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 22.2 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The 1.6 decrease in Adjusted EBITDA margin was primarily because of a 3.5 million increase in Adjusted EBITDA and an 65.2 million increase in net sales, compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, driven by the factors detailed above. Year ended December 31, 2021 Compared to Year ended December 31, 2020 

Year Ended December 31, Change of of Change of 2021 Net Sales 2020 Net Sales Amount Net Sales (dollars in thousands) Net sales 630,456 100.0 403,389 100.0 227,067 Cost of sales 426,294 67.6 260,616 64.6 165,678 3.0 Gross profit 204,162 32.4 142,773 35.4 61,389 (3.0) Selling, general, and administrative expense 217,775 34.5 85,527 21.2 132,248 13.3 Amortization 22,566 3.6 17,347 4.3 5,219 (0.7) (Loss) income from operations (36,179) (5.7) 39,899 9.9 (76,078) (15.6) Other expense (income): Interest expense 24,433 3.9 18,251 4.5 6,182 (0.6) Other (income) expense, net (4,860) (0.8) (1,111) (0.3) (3,749) (0.5) Total other expense (income), net 19,573 3.1 17,140 4.2 2,433 (1.1) Earnings from equity method investment 2,222 0.3 2,222 0.3 (Loss) income before income taxes (53,530) (8.5) 22,759 5.7 (76,289) (14.2) Income tax expense 8,818 1.4 6,776 1.7 2,042 (0.3) Net (loss) income (62,348) (9.9) 15,983 4.0 (78,331) (13.9) Adjusted EBITDA 139,819 22.2 83,836 20.8 55,983 1.4 For discussion on comparison of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, see the Results of Operations section disclosed in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022. 
 47 

Table of Contents 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures We track our non-GAAP financial measures to monitor and manage our underlying financial performance. The following discussion includes the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin, which are non-GAAP financial measures that exclude the impact of certain costs, losses and gains that are required to be included in our profit and loss measures under GAAP. Although we believe these measures are useful to investors and analysts for the same reasons it is useful to management, as discussed below, these measures are neither a substitute for, nor superior to, U.S. GAAP financial measures or disclosures. Other companies may calculate similarly-titled non-GAAP measures differently, limiting their usefulness as comparative measures. To address these limitations, we have reconciled Adjusted EBITDA to the applicable most comparable GAAP measure, net income (loss), throughout this Annual Report. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA Margin Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are key metrics used by management and our board of directors to assess our financial performance. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are also frequently used by analysts, investors, and other interested parties to evaluate companies in our industry, when considered alongside other GAAP measures. We use Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin to supplement GAAP measures of performance to evaluate the effectiveness of our business strategies, to make budgeting decisions, to utilize as a significant performance metric in our annual management incentive bonus plan compensation, and to compare our performance against that of other companies using similar measures. We have presented Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin solely as supplemental disclosures because we believe they allow for a more complete analysis of results of operations and assist investors and analysts in comparing our operating performance across reporting periods on a consistent basis by excluding items that we do not believe are indicative of our core operating performance, such as (i) depreciation and amortization, (ii) interest expense, (iii) income tax (benefit) expense, (iv) loss (gain) on sale and disposal of property and equipment, (v) restructuring charges, (vi) stock-based compensation expense, (vii) unrealized (gains) losses on foreign currency transactions, (viii) strategic initiative costs, (ix) acquisition and integration related costs, (x) loss on extinguishment of debt, (xi) underwriting fees related to offering of common stock, (xii) the Odessa fire and other such unusual events, (xiii) IPO costs and (xiv) other. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin are non-GAAP financial measures and should not be considered as alternatives to net income as a measure of financial performance or any other performance measure derived in accordance with GAAP, and they should not be construed as an inference that our future results will be unaffected by unusual or non-recurring items. You are encouraged to evaluate these adjustments and the reasons we consider them appropriate for supplemental analysis. In evaluating Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin, you should be aware that in the future we may incur expenses that are the same as or similar to some of the adjustments in this presentation. There can be no assurance that we will not modify the presentation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin in the future, and any such modification may be material. Our presentation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin should not be construed to imply that our future results will be unaffected by any such adjustments. In addition, other companies, including companies in our industry, may not calculate Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin at all or may calculate Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin differently and accordingly, are not necessarily comparable to similarly entitled measures of other companies, which reduces the usefulness of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin as tools for comparison. Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin have their limitations as analytical tools, and you should not consider them in isolation or as a substitute for analysis of our results as reported under GAAP. Some of these limitations are that Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin: do not reflect every expenditure, future requirements for capital expenditures or contractual commitments; do not reflect changes in our working capital needs; do not reflect the interest expense, or the amounts necessary to service interest or principal payments, on our outstanding debt; 
 48 

Table of Contents 
 do not reflect income tax (benefit) expense, and because the payment of taxes is part of our operations, tax expense is a necessary element of our costs and ability to operate; do not reflect non-cash stock-based compensation, which will remain a key element of our overall compensation package; and do not reflect the impact of earnings or charges resulting from matters we consider not to be indicative of our ongoing operations. 
 Although depreciation and amortization are eliminated in the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin, the assets being depreciated and amortized will often have to be replaced in the future, and Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin do not reflect any costs of such replacements. Management compensates for these limitations by primarily relying on our GAAP results, while using Adjusted EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA margin as supplements to the corresponding GAAP financial measures. The following table provides a reconciliation of our net income (loss) to Adjusted EBITDA for the periods presented and the calculation of Adjusted EBITDA margin: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net (loss) income (5,694) (62,348) 15,983 Depreciation and amortization 38,175 32,230 25,365 Interest expense 15,753 24,433 18,251 Income tax expense 19,415 8,818 6,776 Loss on sale and disposal of property and equipment 193 275 332 Restructuring charges (a) 1,607 906 1,265 Stock-based compensation expense 50,634 128,775 1,827 Unrealized losses (gains) on foreign currency transactions (b) 2,534 1,151 (1,111) Strategic initiative costs (c) 3,948 2,531 6,264 Acquisition and integration related costs (d) 326 3,576 5,497 Loss on extinguishment of debt (e) 3,465 Underwriting fees related to offering of common stock (f) 11,437 Odessa fire (g) 869 IPO costs (h) 3,956 1,731 Other (i) 590 (4,484) 1,656 Adjusted EBITDA 143,252 139,819 83,836 Net sales 695,736 630,456 403,389 Net (loss) income margin (0.8) (9.9) 4.0 Adjusted EBITDA margin 20.6 22.2 20.8 

 (a) Represents costs related to a cost reduction plan announced in 2022 to optimize production and shift schedules, implement a workforce reduction, and to shut down our Bossier City, Louisiana facility. Also includes severance and other costs for our executive management changes. (b) Represents foreign currency transaction (gains) and losses associated with our international subsidiaries and changes in the fair value of the contingent consideration recorded in connection with the acquisition of Narellan, which was settled in September 2020. (c) Represents expenses for our strategic initiatives, including our rebranding initiative and fees paid to external consultants. 
 49 

Table of Contents 
 (d) Represents acquisition and integration costs primarily related to the acquisitions of GLI and Radiant, the equity investment in Premier Pools Spas, as well as other costs related to potential transactions. (e) Represents the loss on extinguishment of debt in connection with our debt refinancing on February 23, 2022. (f) Represents underwriting fees related to our offering of common stock that was completed in January 2022. (g) Represents costs incurred and insurance recoveries related to a production facility fire in Odessa, Texas. (h) These expenses are primarily composed of legal, accounting, and professional fees incurred in connection with our initial public offering that are not capitalizable, and that are included within selling, general, and administrative expense. (i) Other costs consist of other discrete items as determined by management, primarily including: (i) fees paid to external advisors for various matters, (ii) the cost incurred and insurance proceeds related to our production facility fire in Picton, Australia in 2020, (iii) non-cash adjustments to record the step-up in the fair value of inventory related to the acquisitions of GLI and Radiant, which were amortized through cost of sales in the consolidated statements of operations, (iv) gain on sale of portion of equity method investment, and (v) other items. 
 
 50 

Table of Contents 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources Overview Our primary sources of liquidity are net cash provided by operating activities and availability under our New Revolving Credit Facility. Historically, we have funded working capital requirements, capital expenditures, payments related to acquisitions, and debt service requirements with internally generated cash on hand, through borrowings under our credit facilities, and through the issuance of shares of our common stock. Our primary cash needs are to fund working capital, capital expenditures, debt service requirements, and any acquisitions or investments we may undertake. As of December 31, 2022, we had 32.6 million of cash, 312.9 million of outstanding borrowings, and an additional 75.0 million of availability under our New Revolving Credit Facility. Our primary working capital requirements are for the purchase of inventory, payroll, rent, facility costs and other selling, general, and administrative costs. Our working capital requirements fluctuate during the year, driven primarily by seasonality and the timing of raw material purchases. Our capital expenditures are primarily related to growth, including production capacity, storage, and delivery equipment. We are in the midst of a multi-year capital plan to invest in our facilities, technology, and systems, including investments to expand our fiberglass manufacturing capacity. We expect to fund these capital expenditures from net cash provided by operating activities. We believe our existing cash, cash generated from operations and availability under our New Revolving Credit Facility, will be adequate to fund our operating expenses and capital expenditure requirements over the next 12 months, as well as our longer-term liquidity needs. We have based this estimate on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we could utilize our available capital resources sooner than we expect. We may issue debt or equity securities, which may provide an additional source of liquidity. However, there can be no assurance equity or debt financing will be available to us when we need it or, if available, the terms will be satisfactory to us and not dilutive to our then-current stockholders. Our Indebtedness On February 23, 2022, Latham Pool Products, Inc. Latham Pool Products ), our wholly owned subsidiary, entered into the New Credit Agreement with Barclays Bank PLC, which provides a senior secured multicurrency revolving line of credit (the New Revolving Credit Facility in an initial principal amount of 75.0 million and a U.S. Dollar senior secured term loan (the New Term Loan in an initial principal amount of 325.0 million. On the closing date, proceeds under the agreement were used to repay and replace 294.0 million under, and terminate, the Credit Agreement (as defined below) and for general corporate purposes. New Revolving Credit Facility The New Revolving Credit Facility may be utilized to finance ongoing general corporate and working capital needs and permits Latham Pools Products to borrow loans in U.S. Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euros and Australian Dollars. The New Revolving Credit Facility matures on February 23, 2027. Loans outstanding under the New Revolving Credit Facility denominated in U.S. Dollars and Canadian Dollars bear interest, at the borrower s option, at a rate per annum based on Term SOFR or CDO (each, as defined in the New Credit Agreement), as applicable, plus a margin of 3.50 , or at a rate per annum based on the Base Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate (each, as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin of 2.50 . Loans outstanding under the New Revolving Credit Facility denominated in Euros or Australian Dollars bear interest based on EURIBOR or the AUD Rate (each, as defined in the New Credit Agreement), respectively, plus a margin of 3.50 . A commitment fee accrues on any unused portion of the commitments under the New Revolving Credit Facility. The commitment fee is due and payable quarterly in arrears and is, initially, 0.375 per annum and will, thereafter, accrue at a rate per annum ranging from 0.25 to 0.50 , depending on the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio. The New Revolving Credit Facility is not subject to amortization. 
 51 

Table of Contents 
 New Term Loan The New Term Loan matures on February 23, 2029. Loans outstanding under the New Term Loan bear interest, at the borrower s option, at a rate per annum based on Term SOFR (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin ranging from 3.75 to 4.00 , depending on the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the New Credit Agreement, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio ), or based on the Base Rate (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin ranging from 2.75 to 3.00 , depending on the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio. Loans under the New Term Loan are subject to scheduled quarterly amortization payments equal to 0.25 of the initial principal amount of the New Term Loan. Prior Revolving Credit Facility On December 18, 2018, Latham Pool Products entered into an agreement (the Credit Agreement with Nomura Corporate Funding Americas, LLC Nomura that included a revolving line of credit (the Revolver and letters of credit Letters of Credit or collectively with the Revolver, the Prior Revolving Credit Facility ), as well as the Prior Term Loan (as described and defined below). The Prior Revolving Credit Facility was utilized to finance ongoing general corporate and working capital needs with the Revolver of up to 30.0 million. The Prior Revolving Credit Facility was terminated in connection with the debt refinancing on February 23, 2022. Prior Term Loan Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, Latham Pool Products also borrowed 215.0 million in term loans (the Prior Term Loan ). The Prior Term Loan was amended on May 29, 2019, to provide additional borrowings of 23.0 million, which was accounted for as a modification to the Prior Term Loan, to fund our acquisition of Narellan (the First Amendment ). On October 14, 2020, we amended the First Amendment to provide additional borrowings of 20.0 million, which was accounted for as new debt (the Second Amendment ). The Second Amendment was further amended on January 25, 2021, to provide an additional incremental term loan of 175.0 million (the Third Amendment ). On January 25, 2021, Latham Pool Products borrowed the incremental term loan, and the proceeds were used on February 2, 2021 to purchase and retire equity interests and to pay a distribution. On March 31, 2021, we amended our Term Loan to revise the applicable reporting requirements (the Fourth Amendment ). On November 24, 2021, we amended the Prior Term Loan to provide additional borrowings of 50 million (the Fifth Amendment ). The proceeds from this incremental term loan were used to finance the Radiant Acquisition in part. The Prior Term Loan, collectively with the First Amendment, Second Amendment, Third Amendment, the Fourth Amendment, and the Fifth Amendment, is referred to as the Amended Prior Term Loan. As of December 31, 2021, we were in compliance with all covenants under the Prior Revolving Credit Facility and the Amended Prior Term Loan. The Amended Prior Term Loan was terminated in connection with the debt refinancing on February 23, 2022. Cash Flows The following table summarizes our sources and uses of cash for each of the periods presented: 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net cash provided by operating activities 32,309 33,690 63,160 Net cash used in investing activities (45,018) (108,205) (115,805) Net cash provided by financing activities 3,775 60,018 54,303 Effect of exchange rate changes on cash (2,392) (861) 997 Net (decrease) increase in cash (11,326) (15,358) 2,655 
 52 

Table of Contents 
 Operating Activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, operating activities provided 32.3 million of cash. Net income (loss), after adjustments for non-cash items, provided cash of 105.9 million. Cash provided by operating activities was further driven by changes in our operating assets and liabilities, which used 73.6 million. Net cash used in changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022 consisted primarily of a 57.0 million increase in inventories, a 0.5 million increase in other assets, a 19.4 million decrease in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and a 12.4 million decrease in accounts payable, partially offset by a 9.0 million decrease in trade receivables, a 4.7 million decrease in prepaid expenses and other current assets, a 1.7 million decrease in income tax receivable, and a 0.2 million increase in other long-term liabilities. The change in trade receivables was primarily driven by the timing of net sales, and the increase in inventories was primarily driven by a business decision to carry more inventory, as well as higher costs. The changes in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and accounts payable were primarily because of volume of purchases and timing of payments. During the year ended December 31, 2021, operating activities provided 33.7 million of cash. Net income (loss), after adjustments for non-cash items, provided cash of 88.5 million. Cash provided by operating activities was further driven by changes in our operating assets and liabilities, which used 54.8 million. Net cash used in changes in our operating assets and liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2021 consisted primarily of a 26.0 million increase in trade receivables, a 39.7 million increase in inventories, a 4.5 million increase in prepaid expenses and other current assets, and a 1.2 million decrease in other long-term liabilities, partially offset by a 10.7 million increase in accounts payable, a 4.7 million increase in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, a 0.8 million decrease in other assets, and a 0.3 million decrease in income tax receivable. The change in trade receivables was primarily driven by the timing of and increase in net sales, and the increase in inventories was primarily driven by increased production and cost inflation. The changes in accrued expenses and other current liabilities, and accounts payable were primarily because of volume of purchases and timing of payments. Investing Activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, investing activities used 45.0 million of cash, primarily consisting of the purchase of property and equipment for 39.7 million and acquisitions of businesses of 5.4 million. The purchase of property and equipment was primarily to expand capacity for production, especially for fiberglass pools. During the year ended December 31, 2021, investing activities used 108.2 million of cash, primarily consisting of the acquisition of Radiant of 90.5 million, and the purchase of property and equipment for 25.0 million, partially offset by proceeds from the sale of equity method investment of 6.8 million and return of equity method investment of 0.4 million. The purchase of property and equipment was primarily to expand capacity for inventory production in order to meet increasing customer demand. Financing Activities During the year ended December 31, 2022, financing activities provided 3.8 million of cash, primarily consisting of proceeds from long-term debt borrowings in connection with the debt refinancing of 320.1 million, proceeds from the sale of common stock of 257.7 million and borrowings on revolving credit facilities of 25.0 million, partially offset by repayments on long-term debt borrowings of 286.5 million, the repurchase and retirement of common stock of 280.7 million, repayments on revolving credit facility borrowings of 25.0 million, and deferred financing fees paid of 6.9 million. During the year ended December 31, 2021, financing activities provided 60.0 million of cash, primarily consisting of proceeds from our IPO, net of underwriting discounts, commissions, and offering costs of 399.3 million, proceeds from borrowings on the Amended Prior Term Loan of 222.8 million and borrowings on the Prior Revolving Credit Facility of 16.0 million, partially offset by the repurchase of common stock of 281.6 million, payments on long-term debt borrowings of 169.1 million, dividends to Class A unitholders of 110.0 million, and payments on Revolving Credit Facility borrowings of 16.0 million. 
 53 

Table of Contents 
 For discussion on operating, investing, and financing activities of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, see the Liquidity and Capital Resources section disclosed in Part II, Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, which was filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022. Inflation We experience inflation and deflation related to our purchase of certain products. This price volatility could potentially have a material impact on our financial condition and/or our results of operations. In order to mitigate price volatility, we monitor price fluctuations and may adjust our selling prices accordingly, however, our ability to recover higher costs through increased pricing may be limited by the competitive environment in which we operate. Contractual Obligations Our largest contractual obligations as of December 31, 2022 consisted of principal payments related to our long-term indebtedness that are included in our consolidated balance sheet and the related periodic interest payments, and non-cancelable operating leases. For a description of our contractual obligations and commitments, see Notes 9 Long-Term Debt and 13 Leases to our Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles in the United States. Throughout the preparation of these financial statements, we have made estimates and assumptions that impact the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, and the disclosure of contingent liabilities at the date of the financial statements and revenues and expenses during the reporting period. These estimates are based on historical results, trends, and other assumptions we believe to be reasonable. We evaluate these estimates on an ongoing basis. Actual results may differ from estimates. Our significant accounting policies are presented in Note 2 of our consolidated financial statements. We believe that the following critical accounting policies affect the most significant estimates and management judgments used in preparation of the consolidated financial statements. Revenue Recognition With the exception of our extended service warranties and our custom product contracts, we recognize our revenue at a point in time when control of the promised goods is transferred to our customers, and in an amount that reflects the consideration we expect to be entitled to in exchange for those goods. Control of the goods is considered to have been transferred upon shipping or upon arrival at the customer s destination, depending on the terms of the purchase order. Revenue that is derived from our extended service warranties, which are separately priced and sold, is recognized over the term of the contract. Revenue from custom products is recognized over time utilizing an input method that compares the cost of cumulative work-in-process to date to the most current estimates for the entire cost of the performance obligation. Custom products are generally delivered to the customer within three days of receipt of the purchase order. Each product shipped is considered to be one performance obligation. For each product shipped, the transaction price by product is specified in the purchase order. We recognize revenue on the transaction price less any estimated rebates, returns, allowances, cash discounts, or other sales incentives. Customer rebates, returns, allowances, cash discounts, and other sales incentives are estimated by applying the portfolio approach using the most-likely-amount method and are recorded as a reduction to revenue. 
 54 

Table of Contents 
 Customer Rebates and Cash Discounts We offer rebates to our customers based on factors such as the total amount of the customer s purchase and expected sales for a particular customer during the year. Rebates are estimated by applying the portfolio approach using the most-likely-amount method and are deducted from revenue at the time of sale. Estimates are updated each reporting period and are allocated accordingly to the performance obligations of the contract (the individual products). Business Combinations We account for business combinations that are deemed to be businesses under the acquisition method of accounting. Application of this method of accounting requires that the identifiable assets acquired (including identifiable intangible assets) and liabilities assumed generally be measured and recognized at fair value as of the acquisition date. Any contingent assets acquired and contingent liabilities assumed are also recognized at fair value if we can reasonably estimate fair value during the measurement period. We remeasure any contingent liabilities at fair value in each subsequent reporting period. The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired is recorded as goodwill. Determining the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed requires management s judgment, based on available information at the time of acquisition and subsequently obtained during a measurement period up to one year following the date of acquisition, relating to events or circumstances that existed at the acquisition date. Management s judgment relies upon estimates and assumptions related to future cash flows, discount rates, useful lives of assets, market conditions, and other items. The fair value of intangible assets other than goodwill acquired in a business combination are estimated in accordance with the policy described below. The fair value of intangible assets other than goodwill acquired in a business combination is recorded at fair value at the date of acquisition. Management values dealer relationships and franchise relationships using the multi-period excess earnings method. Under this method, the value of an intangible asset is equal to the present value of the after-tax cash flows attributable solely to the intangible asset, after making adjustments for the required return on and of the other associated assets. We value trade names, trademarks, and proprietary pool designs using the relief from royalty method. The relief-from-royalty method determines the present value of the economic royalty savings associated with the ownership or possession of the trade name, trademark, or proprietary pool design based on an estimated royalty rate applied to the cash flows to be generated by the business. The estimated royalty rate is determined based on the assessment of a reasonable royalty rate that a third party would negotiate in an arm s-length license agreement for the use of the trade name, trademark, or proprietary pool design. Impairment of Goodwill We evaluate goodwill for impairment at least annually, or more frequently when events or changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying value may not be recoverable. We have selected the first day of the fourth fiscal quarter to perform our annual goodwill impairment testing. We may assess our goodwill for impairment initially using a qualitative approach, or step zero, to determine whether conditions exist to indicate that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value. The qualitative assessment requires significant judgments by management about economic conditions including the entity s operating environment, its industry and other market considerations, entity-specific events related to financial performance or loss of key personnel, and other events that could impact the reporting unit. If management concludes, based on assessment of relevant events, facts, and circumstances, that it is more likely than not that the reporting unit s fair value is greater than its carrying value, no further impairment testing is required. If our assessment of qualitative factors indicates that it is more likely than not that the fair value of the reporting unit is less than its carrying value, then a quantitative assessment is performed. We may also elect to initially perform a quantitative analysis instead of starting with step zero. The quantitative analysis requires comparing the carrying value of the reporting unit, including goodwill, to its fair value. If the fair value of the reporting unit exceeds its carrying amount, goodwill is not considered to be impaired and no further testing is required. If the carrying amount of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, there is an impairment of goodwill and an impairment loss is recorded. We calculate the 
 55 

Table of Contents 
 impairment loss by comparing the fair value of the reporting unit less the carrying value, including goodwill. The goodwill impairment is limited to the carrying value of the goodwill. Based on the results of the qualitative assessments performed for our one reporting unit, we determined that goodwill was not impaired at October 2, 2022 or October 3, 2021. However, if factors exist that could indicate an impairment in the future, including a sustained decrease in our stock price, we may be required to record impairment charges in future periods. The qualitative factors we assessed included economic conditions, industry and market considerations, cost factors, overall financial performance, and other entity specific events. In addition, we considered our market capitalization based on quoted market prices of our securities on the Nasdaq Global Select Market, adjusted for the effect of a control premium as contemplated by ASC 350. Stock-Based Compensation Stock-based compensation is measured and recognized based on the grant date fair value of the awards. The fair value of our common stock is determined based on the quoted market price of our common stock for purposes of computing stock-based compensation expense. For stock options, we use a Black-Scholes model for estimating the grant date fair value. The Black-Scholes pricing model requires critical assumptions including risk-free rate, volatility, expected term and expected dividend yield. The expected term is computed using the simplified method. We use the simplified method to calculate expected term of the stock options since we do not have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term. The risk-free interest rate is based on the yield available on U.S. Treasury zero-coupon issues similar in duration to the expected term of the stock-based award. We consider the historical volatility of our stock price, as well as implied volatility. We utilized a dividend yield of zero, as we have no history or plan of declaring dividends on our common stock. The assumptions underlying these valuations represented our best estimate, which involved inherent uncertainties and the application of judgment. As a result, if we had used significantly different assumptions or estimates, the fair value of our stock-based compensation expense could have been materially different. For stock options, restricted stock awards, and restricted stock units, stock-based compensation is recognized using a graded vesting method over the requisite service period in which employees earn the awards. We account for forfeitures of stock-based awards as they occur rather than applying an estimated forfeiture rate to stock-based compensation expense. Contemporaneously with the pricing of our IPO, on April 22, 2021, we effected the Omnibus Incentive Plan in which we granted to certain of our employees restricted stock awards, restricted stock units, and option awards inclusive of the as converted Class B units as a result of the Reorganization. Income Taxes Deferred tax assets and liabilities are determined based on temporary differences resulting from the different treatment of items for tax and financial reporting purposes. Deferred tax assets and liabilities are measured using enacted tax rates expected to apply to taxable income in the years in which those temporary differences are expected to reverse. We reduce deferred taxes by a valuation allowance when we conclude such deferred taxes are not more than likely to be realized. The determination of whether a deferred tax asset will be realized is made on both a jurisdictional basis and the use of our estimate of the recoverability of the deferred tax asset. In evaluating whether a valuation allowance is required under such rules, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including our prior operating results, the nature and reason for any losses, our forecast of future taxable income in each respective tax jurisdiction and the dates on which any deferred tax assets are expected to expire. These assumptions require a significant amount of judgment, including estimates of future taxable income. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, our valuation allowance was 0.0 million. We continue to assess whether any significant changes in circumstances or assumptions have occurred that could materially affect our ability to realize deferred tax assets. We released the valuation allowance in 2021 since we believe we have sufficient positive evidence, including, but not limited to, three years of cumulative pre-tax book 
 56 

Table of Contents 
 income, including permanent adjustments and recent profits within taxing jurisdictions, to overcome any negative evidence related to loss utilization expiration periods. We record liabilities for uncertain income tax positions based on a two-step process. The first step is recognition, where an individual tax position is evaluated as to whether it has a likelihood of greater than 50 of being sustained upon examination based on the technical merits of the position, including resolution of any related appeals or litigation processes. The amount of the benefit that may be recognized is the largest amount that has a greater than 50 likelihood of being realized on ultimate settlement. The actual benefits ultimately realized may differ from the estimates. We classify interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits as a component of income tax (benefit) expense within the consolidated statements of operations. Although we believe that we have adequately reserved for our uncertain tax positions, we can provide no assurance that the final tax outcome of these matters will not be materially different. In future periods, changes in facts, circumstances, and new information may require us to change the recognition and measurement estimates with regard to individual tax positions. Our liabilities for uncertain tax positions were 7.1 million and 5.7 million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Changes in recognition and measurement estimates are recorded in income tax (benefit) expense and liability in the period in which such changes occur. Emerging Growth Company Status The JOBS Act permits an emerging growth company such as us to take advantage of an extended transition period to comply with new or revised accounting standards applicable to public companies until those standards would otherwise apply to private companies. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period, which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we will adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new or revised standard and will do so until such time that we either (i) irrevocably elect to opt out of such extended transition period or (ii) no longer qualify as an emerging growth company. We may choose to early adopt any new or revised accounting standards whenever such early adoption is permitted for private companies. Recently Issued and Adopted Accounting Pronouncements A description of recently issued accounting pronouncements that may potentially impact our financial position, results of operations, or cash flows is disclosed in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements included elsewhere in this Annual Report. Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk Market risk is the potential loss that may result from market changes associated with our business or with an existing or forecasted financial transaction. The value of a financial instrument may change as a result of changes in interest rates, exchange rates, commodity prices, equity prices, and other market changes. We are exposed to changes in interest rates and foreign currency exchange rates because we finance certain operations through variable rate debt instruments and denominate some of our transactions in foreign currencies. Changes in these rates may have an impact on future cash flow and earnings. We manage these risks through normal operating and financing activities. Interest Rate Risk We are subject to interest rate risk in connection with our long-term debt. Our principal interest rate risk relates to borrowings under the New Credit Agreement. To meet our working capital needs, we borrowed periodically on our New Revolving Credit Facility under the New Credit Agreement. As of December 31, 2022, we had outstanding borrowings of 322.6 million face value under our New Term Loan and no borrowings on the New Revolving Credit Facility. The New Term Loan and New Revolving Credit Facility bear interest at variable rates. Interest rate risk associated with our New Credit Agreement is managed through an interest rate swap, which we originally executed on 
 57 

Table of Contents 
 April 30, 2020. We amended our interest rate swap to change the index rate from LIBOR to SOFR in connection with the New Credit Agreement. The interest rate swap has an effective date of May 18, 2020 and a termination date of May 18, 2023. After inclusion of the notional amount of 200.0 million of our interest rate swap fixing a portion of the variable rate debt, 122.6 million, or 38.0 , of our debt is subject to variable rates. An increase or decrease of 1.0 in the effective interest rate would cause an increase or decrease to annual interest expense of approximately 1.2 million. Credit Risk Financial instruments that subject us to concentrations of credit risk consist primarily of cash and trade receivables. We may have bank deposits in excess of insurance limits of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation from time to time. We also have bank deposits in international accounts. We have not historically sustained any credit losses in such accounts and believe that we are not exposed to any significant credit risk related to our cash. We routinely review the financial strength of our customers before extending credit and believe that our trade receivables credit risk exposure is limited. Generally, we do not require collateral from our customers. During the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, one customer represented approximately 20.3 , 25.0 and 22.3 of our net sales, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding trade receivables related to this customer were 1.6 million and 10.7 million, respectively. Foreign Currency Risk Our foreign operations are denominated in local currency, which is the functional currency and is then translated to U.S. dollars. Assets and liabilities are translated using the current rate of exchange at the balance sheet date or historical rates of exchange, as applicable. Revenue and expenses are translated using the average monthly exchange rates prevailing throughout the reporting period. The related foreign currency translation adjustments are recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive (income) loss in stockholders equity. Additionally, our Canadian subsidiaries, which have Canadian dollar functional currencies, purchase some inventory with U.S. dollars, resulting in payables that are denominated in U.S. dollars. This exposes us to the risk of fluctuations in foreign currency exchange rates until the time of payment. Transaction gains and losses associated with purchases made by Canadian subsidiaries that are denominated in currencies other than Canadian dollar are recognized as a component of other expense, net within the consolidated statements of operations. Currently, our largest foreign currency exposure is that with respect to the Australian dollar and the Canadian dollar. We believe that a 10 change in the exchange rate between the U.S. dollar and the Australian or Canadian dollar would not materially impact our operating results or financial position. We have experienced and we will continue to experience fluctuations in our net income (loss) as a result of revaluing our assets and liabilities that are not denominated in the functional currency of the entity that recorded the asset or liability. At this time, we do not hedge our foreign currency risk. 
 58 

Table of Contents 
 Item 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID No. 60 Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 61 Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 62 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 63 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 64 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 65 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 66 
 59 

Table of Contents 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm To the Stockholders and the Board of Directors of Latham Group, Inc. Opinion on the Financial Statements We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Latham Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive (loss) income, stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. Basis for Opinion These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. /s/ March 7, 2023 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2020. 
 60 

Table of Contents 
 Latham Group, Inc. Consolidated Balance Sheets (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 2021 Assets Current assets: Cash Trade receivables, net Inventories, net Income tax receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Equity method investment Deferred tax assets Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Intangible assets, net Other assets Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Current liabilities: Accounts payable Accounts payable related party Current maturities of long-term debt Current operating lease liabilities Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of discount and current portion Deferred income tax liabilities, net Liability for uncertain tax positions Non-current operating lease liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies Stockholders equity: Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued and outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Common stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding , as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 61 

Table of Contents 
 Latham Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Operations (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Selling, general, and administrative expense Underwriting fees related to offering of common stock Amortization Income (loss) from operations ) Other expense (income): Interest expense Loss on extinguishment of debt Other expense (income), net ) ) Total other expense, net Earnings from equity method investment Income (loss) before income taxes ) Income tax expense Net (loss) income ) ) Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic and diluted Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 62 

Table of Contents 
 Latham Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net (loss) income ) ) Other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax: Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Total other comprehensive (loss) income, net of tax ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 63 

Table of Contents 
 Latham Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity (in thousands, except share amounts) 

Accumulated (Accumulated Other Additional Deficit) Comprehensive Total Common Stock Paid-in Retained (Loss) Stockholders Shares Amount Capital Earnings Income Equity Balances at December 31, 2019 ) ) Net income Foreign currency translation adjustments Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) Contingent consideration settlement Stock-based compensation expense Balances at December 31, 2020 Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Dividend to Class A unitholders per share) ) ) Issuance of restricted stock in connection with the Reorganization ) Issuance of common stock upon conversion of Class B units Net proceeds from initial public offering Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Retirement of restricted stock ) Issuance of common stock upon release of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Balances at December 31, 2021 ) Cumulative effect of adoption of new accounting standard- leases ) ) Net loss ) ) Foreign currency translation adjustments ) ) Proceeds from sale of common stock Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) ) ) Repurchases and retirements of common stock under Repurchase Program ) ) ) ) Retirement of restricted stock ) Issuance of common stock upon release of restricted stock units Stock-based compensation expense Balances at December 31, 2022 ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 Latham Group, Inc. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows (in thousands) 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities: Net (loss) income ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of deferred financing costs and debt discount Non-cash lease expense Deferred income taxes ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Underwriting fees related to offering of common stock Loss on extinguishment of debt Other non-cash, net Gain on sale of portion of equity method investment ) Earnings from equity method investment ) ) Distributions received from equity method investment Provision on liability for uncertain tax positions Change in fair value of contingent consideration for Narellan Group Pty Limited ) Changes in operating assets and liabilities: Trade receivables ) Inventories ) ) ) Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Income tax receivable ) Other assets ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses and other current liabilities ) Other long-term liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities : Purchases of property and equipment ) ) ) Proceeds from the sale of property and equipment Acquisitions of businesses, net of cash acquired ) ) ) Return of equity method investment Equity method investment in Premier Pools Spas ) Proceeds from the sale of portion of equity method investment Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities : Proceeds from long-term debt borrowings Payments on long-term debt borrowings ) ) ) Proceeds from borrowings on revolving credit facilities Payments on revolving credit facility ) ) Deferred financing fees paid ) ) Dividend to Class A unitholders ) Proceeds from the issuance of common stock Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs Repurchases and retirements of common stock ) ) ) Payments of Narellan Group Pty Limited contingent consideration ) Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of exchange rate changes on cash ) ) Net (decrease) increase in cash ) ) Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period Supplemental cash flow information : Cash paid for interest Income taxes paid, net Supplemental disclosure of non-cash investing and financing activities : Purchases of property and equipment included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Capitalized internal-use software included in accounts payable related party Deferred offering costs included in accounts payable and accrued expenses Right-of-use operating assets obtained in exchange for lease liabilities Fair value of shares of common stock issued during the year ended December 31, 2020 in connection with the acquisition of Narellan Pty Limited Change in defined benefit pension plan liability ) Net working capital adjustment receivable The accompanying notes are an integral part of these consolidated financial statements. 
 65 

Table of Contents 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements -for-one stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, all share and per share data included in these consolidated financial statements and notes thereto have been adjusted retroactively to reflect the impact of the amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the stock split. Refer to Note 20 for additional detail. On April 27, 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering (the IPO ), pursuant to which it issued and sold shares of common stock, inclusive of shares sold by the Company pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. The aggregate net proceeds received by the Company from the IPO were million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs. Prior to the closing of the Company s IPO on April 27, 2021 (the Closing of the IPO ), the Company s parent entity, Parent, merged with and into Latham Group, Inc. (the Reorganization ). Refer to Note 20 for additional detail. 
 66 

Table of Contents 
 million to record the operating lease right-of-use assets and the related liabilities as of January 1, 2022. Under this method of adoption, the comparative information has not been revised and continues to be reported under the previously applicable lease accounting guidance ASC 840 ). For leases with initial terms greater than 12 months, the Company considers these right-of-use assets and records the related asset and obligation at the present value of lease payments over the term. For leases with initial terms equal to or less than 12 months, the Company does not consider them as right-of-use assets and instead considers them short-term lease costs that are recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. The Company s leases may include escalation clauses, renewal options and/or termination options that are factored into the Company s determination of lease term and lease payments when it is reasonably certain the option will be exercised. The Company has elected to take the practical expedient and not separate lease and non-lease components of contracts. The Company estimates an incremental borrowing rate to discount the lease payments based on information available at lease commencement because the implicit rate of the lease is generally not known. The Company leases vehicles, manufacturing facilities, office space, land, and equipment under operating leases. The Company determines if an arrangement is a lease at inception. A contract is or contains a lease if the contract conveys the right to control the use of an identified asset for a period of time in exchange for consideration. The Company does not have material finance leases. 
 67 

Table of Contents 
 to lifetime warranties. At the time product revenue is recognized, the Company records a liability for estimated costs that may be incurred under its warranties. The costs are estimated based on historical experience and any specific warranty issues that have been identified. The accuracy of the estimate of additional costs is dependent on the number and cost of future claims submitted during the warranty periods. Although historical warranty costs have been within expectations, there can be no assurance that future warranty costs will not exceed historical amounts. The Company believes that the reserves established for estimated and probable future product warranty claims are adequate. The Company periodically assesses the adequacy of its recorded warranty liability and adjusts the balance as necessary. Warranty costs are recorded within cost of sales on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company s provision for product warranties was recorded within accrued expenses and other current liabilities and other long-term liabilities on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 68 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. customer represented approximately , and of the Company s net sales, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, outstanding trade receivables related to this customer were million and million, respectively. 
 69 

Table of Contents 
 
 70 

Table of Contents 
 million and million, respectively. Molds and dyes Machinery and equipment (including computer equipment and software) Furniture and fixtures Vehicles Leasehold improvements are amortized over the shorter of the term of the related lease or the estimated useful lives of the improvements. When property and equipment is sold or retired, the asset cost and accumulated depreciation and amortization are removed from the respective accounts and a gain or loss is recognized, if any, on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company capitalizes external costs and directly attributable internal costs to acquire or create internal-use software that are incurred subsequent to the completion of the preliminary project state. These costs relate to activities such as software design, configuration, coding, testing, and installation, and they exclude training and maintenance. Once the software is substantially complete and ready for its intended use, capitalized development costs are amortized straight-line over the estimated useful life of the software, generally not to exceed . 
 71 

Table of Contents 
 Technology Pool designs 14 Dealer relationships Patented technology Non-competition agreements Franchise relationships Order backlog reporting unit for goodwill impairment testing purposes. Impairment testing is performed for the Company s reporting unit by first assessing qualitative factors to see if further testing of goodwill is required. If the Company concludes that it is more likely than not that its reporting unit s fair value is less than its carrying amount based on the qualitative assessment, then a quantitative test is required. The Company may also choose to bypass the qualitative assessment and perform the quantitative test. If the estimated fair value of the reporting unit exceeds the carrying amount, the Company considers that goodwill is not impaired. If the carrying value exceeds estimated fair value, there is an impairment of goodwill and an impairment loss is recorded. The Company calculates the impairment loss by comparing the fair value of its reporting unit less the carrying amount, including goodwill. Goodwill impairment would be limited to the carrying value of the goodwill. 
 72 

Table of Contents 
 operating and reportable segment that designs, manufactures, and markets in-ground swimming pools, liners, and covers. The Company s chief executive officer, who is the chief operating decision maker, reviews financial information presented on a consolidated basis for purposes of assessing financial performance and allocating resources. million of accrued interest and accrued penalties as of December 31, 2022. The Company had million of accrued interest and accrued penalties as of December 31, 2021. The Company reinvests earnings of foreign operations indefinitely and, accordingly, does not provide for income taxes that could result from the remittance of such earnings. 
 73 

Table of Contents 
 million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 74 

Table of Contents 
 million of operating lease right-of-use assets, and million of operating lease liabilities, a decrease of million to deferred rent and a decrease of million to retained earnings for the cumulative effect of initially applying the new standard. The adoption did not have a material impact on the Company s consolidated statements of operations, consolidated statements of stockholders equity, or consolidated statements of cash flows. See Note 13, Leases for additional information related to the Company s leases and accounting policy elections. In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments ASU 2016-13 ), which requires the measurement and recognition of expected credit losses for financial assets held at amortized cost. ASU 2016-13 replaces the existing incurred loss impairment model with an expected loss model. It also eliminates the concept of other-than-temporary impairment and requires credit losses related to available-for-sale debt securities to be recorded through an allowance for credit losses rather than as a reduction in the amortized cost basis of the securities. These changes will result in earlier recognition of credit losses. In November 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018-19, Codification Improvements to Topic 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses , which narrowed the scope and changed the effective date for nonpublic entities for ASU 2016-13. The FASB subsequently issued supplemental guidance within ASU 2019-05, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Targeted Transition Relief ASU 2019-05 ). ASU 2019-05 provides an option to irrevocably elect the fair value option for certain financial assets previously measured at amortized cost basis. For public entities that are U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission filers, excluding entities eligible to be smaller reporting companies, ASU 2016-13 is effective for annual periods beginning after December 15, 2019, including interim 
 75 

Table of Contents 
 million (the Narellan Acquisition ). The results of Narellan s operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements since that date. Narellan is a fiberglass pool manufacturer based in Australia with operations in Australia, New Zealand, and Canada. The acquisition expanded the Company s operations to a broader geographical footprint. Additionally, the acquisition provided the Company with an increase in dealer and franchise relationships. In connection with the Narellan Acquisition, consideration paid included million in cash, million in equity consideration, and million of contingent consideration as of the Acquisition Date. The cash consideration was funded, in part, through long-term debt proceeds of million, net of discount of million. The equity consideration consisted of common stock. The valuation of the common stock was prepared using a quantitative put options method. The Company incurred million in transaction costs. 
 76 

Table of Contents 
 million. On September 25, 2020, the Company amended the terms of the Narellan share purchase agreement to accelerate the settlement of the Contingent Consideration with the selling shareholders of Narellan based upon estimated EBITDA for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Contingent Consideration was settled through a cash payment of million and the issuance of an additional shares of common stock as equity consideration, which had a contractual value of million and was recorded as a capital contribution on the consolidated statements of stockholders equity. Since the fair value of the common stock issued of million exceeded the contractual value of million and the selling shareholders were also employees of the Company as of the settlement date, the Company recorded the excess remuneration paid to the selling shareholders of million as stock-based compensation in the consolidated statements of operations and as contributed capital in the consolidated statements of stockholders equity as of and for the year-ended December 31, 2020. GL International, LLC On October 22, 2020, Latham Pool Products acquired GL International, LLC GLI for a total purchase price of million (the GLI Acquisition ). The results of GLI s operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements since that date. GLI specializes in manufacturing custom pool liners and safety covers. As a result, this acquisition expanded the Company s liner and safety cover product offerings. In connection with the GLI Acquisition, consideration paid was million in cash, or million net of cash acquired of million, and excluding a net working capital adjustment receivable of million. The net working capital adjustment receivable was recorded in prepaid expenses and other current assets in the consolidated balance sheet as of December 31, 2020. The cash consideration was funded from existing cash on hand. The Company incurred million in transaction costs. The Company accounted for the GLI Acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with FASB ASC 805, Business Combinations ASC 805 ). This requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be measured at fair value. The Company estimated, using Level 3 inputs, the fair value of certain fixed assets using a combination of the cost approach and the market approach. Inventories were valued using the comparative sales method, less the cost of disposal. Specific to intangible assets, dealer relationships were valued using the multi-period excess earnings method, whereas trade names were valued using the relief from royalty method. The Company recorded the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 Allocation of purchase price: Cash Trade receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment Intangible assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Other long-term liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total fair value of net assets acquired, excluding goodwill Goodwill The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed in the acquisition was allocated to goodwill in the amount of million. Goodwill resulting from the GLI Acquisition was attributable to the expanded market share and product offerings. Goodwill resulting from the GLI Acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. 9 Dealer relationships 8 Net loss ) Trojan Leisure Products, LLC d/b/a Radiant Pools On November 24, 2021, Latham Pool Products acquired Trojan Leisure Products, LLC d/b/a Radiant Pools Radiant for a total purchase price of million (the Radiant Acquisition ). The results of Radiant s operations have been included in the consolidated financial statements since that date. Radiant specializes in manufacturing proprietary vinyl liner aluminum swimming pools that can be built completely in-ground, semi-in-ground, or above ground. As a result, this acquisition expanded the Company s product offerings. In connection with the Radiant Acquisition, consideration paid was million in cash, or million net of cash acquired of million. The cash consideration was funded, in part, through long-term debt proceeds of million. The Company incurred million in transaction costs. 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 million related to the finalization of the net working capital adjustment, which was accounted for as a measurement period adjustment. The measurement period adjustment resulted in an increase in the total consideration transferred of million and an increase to goodwill of million. The net working capital adjustment was paid during the fiscal quarter ended July 2, 2022. The Company accounted for the Radiant Acquisition using the acquisition method of accounting in accordance with ASC 805. This requires that the assets acquired and liabilities assumed be measured at fair value. The Company estimated, using Level 3 inputs, the fair value of certain fixed assets using a combination of the cost approach and the market approach. Inventories were valued using the comparative sales method, less the cost of disposal. Specific to intangible assets, customer relationships and order backlog were valued using the multi-period excess earnings method, whereas trade names, technology, and pool designs were valued using the relief from royalty method. The Company recorded the assets acquired and liabilities assumed at their respective fair values as of the acquisition date. Allocation of purchase price: Cash Trade receivables Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Property and equipment Intangible assets Total assets acquired Accounts payable Accrued expenses and other current liabilities Deferred income tax liabilities Total liabilities assumed Total fair value of net assets acquired, excluding goodwill Goodwill The excess of the purchase price over the fair value of the identifiable assets acquired and the liabilities assumed in the acquisition was allocated to goodwill in the amount of million. Goodwill resulting from the Radiant Acquisition was attributable to the expanded market share and product offerings. Goodwill resulting from the Radiant Acquisition is deductible for tax purposes. Trade names Technology Pool designs Order backlog 
 79 

Table of Contents 
 Net income Other Business Combinations During the fiscal quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company completed the acquisition of certain fiberglass pool manufacturing assets in Seminole, Oklahoma that qualified as a business combination. This transaction resulted in an increase to goodwill, but was not material to our consolidated financial statements, and as a result, additional business combination disclosures for this acquisition have been omitted. There were no other business combinations during the year ended December 31, 2022. Pro Forma Financial Information (Unaudited) The following pro forma financial information presents the statements of operations of the Company with GLI and Radiant as if the acquisitions occurred on January 1, 2020. The pro forma results do not include any anticipated synergies, cost savings, or other expected benefits of an acquisition. The pro forma financial information is not necessarily indicative of what the financial results would have been had the acquisitions been completed on January 1, 2020 and is not necessarily indicative of the Company s future financial results. Net (loss) income ) ) The pro forma financial information presented above reflects the effects as a result of the acquisitions, including the amortization expense from acquired intangible assets, the depreciation and amortization expense from acquired property and equipment, the additional cost of sales from acquired inventory, interest expense from debt financing, and any related tax effects. Transaction costs for Radiant are reflected within pro forma net income for the year ended December 31, 2020. of the common units of Premier Pools Spas for million. On August 6, 2021, the Company entered into a securities purchase agreement, together with Premier Holdco LLC, Premier Pools Management Corp. Holdco, Premier Franchise Management Holdco, PFC Holdco, and PPSF, LLC, pursuant to which Premier Group Holdings Inc., an affiliate of Wynnchurch Capital, L.P., acquired of the common units of Premier Pools Spas in aggregate from all sellers, including the Company. Sellers who were not related parties of Wynnchurch Capital, L.P. or the Company determined the purchase price per common unit paid by Premier Group Holdings Inc., indicating the amount paid for the common units of Premier Pools Spas reflects the price that would be paid in an arm s-length transaction. As a result of the transaction, the Company received cash proceeds of million and recorded a gain on the sale of equity method investment of million, which was recorded within other (income) expense, net on the consolidated statements of operations for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021. The Company s post-sale ownership interest in Premier Pools Spas was following such transaction. On December 17, 2021, Premier Pools Spas issued additional non-voting common units to Premier Group Holdings Inc. As a result of the transaction, the Company recorded a gain on the sale of equity method investment of million. The Company s ownership interest in Premier Pools Spas after the issuance of additional non-voting common units is while its voting interest remains . 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 . For the first of the supply agreement, the Customer is entitled to a low-teens percentage rebate for all fiberglass pools sold and an additional growth rebate of a low single-digit to low-teens percentage based on year over year sales growth on fiberglass pools (the Rebates ). The Rebates will be paid directly to Premier Pools Management Corp. Holdco, assuming the Premier Franchisees are in good standing with respect to amounts owed to the Company. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s carrying amount for the equity method investment in Premier Pools Spas was million and million, respectively. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, Premier Pools Spas paid the Company dividends of million that are presented on the consolidated statement of cash flows as distribution received from equity method investment. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021, Premier Pools Spas paid the Company dividends of million that are presented on the consolidated statement of cash flows as distribution received from equity method investment of million and return of equity method investment of million, respectively. The Company recorded its interest in net earnings of Premier Pools Spas of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, which included basis difference adjustments of million and million, respectively. 
 81 

Table of Contents 
 Amended Prior Term Loan Interest rate swap The Company estimates the fair value of the interest rate swap on a quarterly basis using Level 2 inputs, including the forward SOFR curve. The fair value is estimated by comparing (i) the present value of all future monthly fixed rate payments versus (ii) the variable payments based on the forward SOFR curve. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s interest rate swap asset was million and million, respectively, which was recorded within other assets on the consolidated balance sheets. Acquisition Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 Acquisition Measurement period adjustment Foreign currency translation adjustment ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 The Company performed an annual test for goodwill impairment in the fourth quarter of the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 in accordance with Step 0 of ASC 350 and determined that goodwill was not impaired. 
 82 

Table of Contents 
 ) Patented technology Technology Pool designs ) Franchise relationships Dealer relationships Order backlog Non-competition agreements Intangible assets, net as of December 31, 2021 consisted of the following (in thousands): 

December 31, 2021 Gross Foreign Carrying Currency Accumulated Net Amount Translation Amortization Amount Trade names and trademarks Patented technology Technology Pool designs Franchise relationships Dealer relationships Order backlog Non-competition agreements The Company recognized million, million, and million of amortization expense related to intangible assets during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter 
 83 

Table of Contents 
 Finished goods Building and improvements Machinery and equipment Furniture and fixtures Computer equipment and software Molds and dyes Leasehold improvements Vehicles Construction in progress Less: Accumulated depreciation ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense related to property and equipment during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. Construction in progress recorded as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 primarily related to an increase in fiberglass molds and fiberglass production capacity. The Company recorded aggregate losses on sales and disposals of property and equipment of million, million, and million during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 84 

Table of Contents 
 Amended Prior Term Loan Less: Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs ) ) Total debt Less: Current portion of long-term debt ) ) Total long-term debt On February 23, 2022, Latham Pool Products entered into an agreement (the New Credit Agreement with Barclays Bank PLC, which provides a senior secured multicurrency revolving line of credit (the New Revolving Credit Facility in an initial principal amount of million and a U.S. Dollar senior secured term loan (the New Term Loan in an initial principal amount of million (the Refinancing ). On the closing date, proceeds under the New Credit Agreement were used to terminate the Credit Agreement (as defined below) by repayment of million of outstanding debt thereunder and for general corporate purposes. As of December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the New Credit Agreement New Revolving Credit Facility The New Revolving Credit Facility may be utilized to finance ongoing general corporate and working capital needs and permits Latham Pools Products to borrow loans in U.S. Dollars, Canadian Dollars, Euros, and Australian Dollars. The New Revolving Credit Facility matures on February 23, 2027. Loans outstanding under the New Revolving Credit Facility denominated in U.S. Dollars and Canadian Dollars bear interest, at the borrower s option, at a rate per annum based on Term SOFR or CDO (each, as defined in the New Credit Agreement), as applicable, plus a margin of , or at a rate per annum based on the Base Rate or the Canadian Prime Rate (each, as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin of . Loans outstanding under the New Revolving Credit Facility denominated in Euros or Australian Dollars bear interest based on EURIBOR or the AUD Rate (each, as defined in the New Credit Agreement), respectively, plus a margin of . A commitment fee accrues on any unused portion of the commitments under the New Revolving Credit Facility. The commitment fee is due and payable quarterly in arrears and is, initially, per annum and will, thereafter, accrue at a rate per annum ranging from to , depending on the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio (as defined in the New Credit Agreement, the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio ). Borrowings under the New Revolving Credit Facility are due at maturity. The Company incurred debt issuance costs of million related to the New Revolving Credit Facility. The debt issuance costs were recorded within other assets on the consolidated balance sheet and are being amortized over the life of the New Revolving Credit Facility. The Company is required to meet certain financial covenants, including maintaining specific liquidity measurements. There are also negative covenants, including certain restrictions on the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, make investments, consolidate, or merge with other entities, enter into transactions with affiliates, make prepayments with respect to certain indebtedness, and make restricted payments and other distributions. As of December 31, 2022, there were outstanding borrowings on the New Revolving Credit Facility. New Term Loan Pursuant to the New Credit Agreement, Latham Pool Products borrowed million in term loans. The New Term Loan matures on February 23, 2029. Loans outstanding under the New Term Loan bear interest, at the borrower s option, at a rate per annum based on Term SOFR (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin ranging from 
 85 

Table of Contents 
 to , depending on the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, or based on the Base Rate (as defined in the New Credit Agreement), plus a margin ranging from to , depending on the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio. Loans under the New Term Loan are subject to scheduled quarterly amortization payments of , equal to of the initial principal amount of the New Term Loan. The New Term Loan contains customary mandatory prepayment provisions, including requirements to make mandatory prepayments with of any excess cash flow and with of the net cash proceeds from the incurrence of indebtedness not otherwise permitted to be incurred by the covenants, asset sales, and casualty and condemnation events, in each case, subject to customary exceptions. The Company recorded million of debt issuance costs and million of debt discount related to the New Term Loan as a direct reduction to the carrying amount of long-term debt on the consolidated balance sheet. Outstanding borrowings as of December 31, 2022 were million, net of discount and debt issuance costs of million. In connection with the New Term Loan, the Company is subject to various negative, reporting, financial, and other covenants, including maintaining specific liquidity measurements. As of December 31, 2022, the unamortized debt issuance costs and discount on the New Term Loan were million and million, respectively. The effective interest rate was at December 31, 2022, including the impact of the Company s interest rate swap. Prior Revolving Credit Facility On December 18, 2018, Latham Pool Products entered into an agreement (the Credit Agreement with Nomura Corporate Funding Americas, LLC that included a revolving line of credit (the Revolver and letters of credit Letters of Credit or collectively with the Revolver, the Prior Revolving Credit Facility in the amount of up to million, as well as the Prior Term Loan (as described and defined below). The Prior Revolving Credit Facility was utilized to finance ongoing general corporate and working capital needs. The Prior Revolving Credit Facility allowed for either Eurocurrency borrowings, bearing interest ranging from to , or base rate borrowings, bearing interest ranging from to depending on the First Lien Net Leverage Ratio, as defined in the Credit Agreement. A commitment fee accrued on any unused portion of the commitments under the Prior Revolving Credit Facility. The commitment fee was due and payable quarterly in arrears and was equal to the applicable margin times the actual daily amount by which the million initial commitment exceeded the sum of the outstanding borrowings under the Revolver and outstanding Letters of Credit obligations. The applicable margin ranged from to as determined by the Company s First Lien Net Leverage Ratio as defined in the Credit Agreement. The Company was required to meet certain financial covenants, including maintaining specific liquidity measurements. There are also negative covenants, including certain restrictions on the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, make investments, consolidate or merge with other entities, enter into transactions with affiliates, and make prepayments. As of December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all financial-related covenants related to the Credit Agreement. There were amounts outstanding as of December 31, 2021 on the Revolver or Letters of Credit. The Prior Revolving Credit Facility was terminated in connection with the Refinancing. Prior Term Loan Pursuant to the Credit Agreement, Latham Pool Products also borrowed million in term loans (the Prior Term Loan ). The Prior Term Loan was amended on May 29, 2019, to provide additional borrowings of million, which was accounted for as a modification to the Prior Term Loan, to fund the Company s acquisition of Narellan Group Pty Limited and its subsidiaries (the First Amendment ). On October 14, 2020, Latham Pool Products amended the First Amendment to provide additional borrowings of million, which was accounted for as new debt (the Second Amendment ). The Second Amendment was further amended on January 25, 2021, to provide an additional incremental term loan of million (the Third Amendment ). On January 25, 2021, Latham Pool Products borrowed the incremental term loan, and the proceeds were used on February 2, 2021 to purchase and retire equity interests and to pay a distribution. On March 31, 2021, Latham Pool Products amended its Term Loan to revise the applicable reporting 
 86 

Table of Contents 
 million of the net proceeds from the IPO to repay million of the Prior Term Loan. On November 24, 2021, Latham Pool Products amended the Term Loan to provide additional borrowings of million (the Fifth Amendment ). The proceeds from this incremental term loan were used to finance the Radiant Acquisition in part. The Prior Term Loan, collectively with the First Amendment, Second Amendment, Third Amendment, the Fourth Amendment, and the Fifth Amendment, is referred to as the Amended Prior Term Loan. The Amended Prior Term Loan bore interest at (1) a base rate equal to the highest of (i) the Federal Funds Rate plus 1 2 of 1 , (ii) the prime rate published in the Money Rates section of the Wall Street Journal and (iii) LIBOR (2) plus a Loan Margin of (i) for Eurocurrency Rate Loans and (ii) for Base Rate Loans, as defined in the Credit Agreement. Principal payments under the First Amendment were calculated as of the outstanding principal balance. In connection with the Amended Prior Term Loan, the Company was subject to various financial reporting, financial and other covenants, including maintaining specific liquidity measurements. > 3.00:1.00 and 3.50:1.00 > 2.50:1.00 and 3.00:1.00 > 2.00:1.00 and 2.50:1.00 2.00:1.00 Net Leverage Ratio in the table above was defined, as of any date of determination, as the ratio of net indebtedness at such date to consolidated earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and amortization. There was no estimated mandatory prepayment to be paid as of December 31, 2021. There also was negative covenants, including, but not limited to, certain restrictions on the Company s ability to incur additional indebtedness, create liens, make investments, consolidate or merge with other entities, enter into transactions with affiliates, and make prepayments. As of December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all financial-related covenants related to the Term Loan. As of December 31, 2021, the unamortized debt issuance costs and discount on the Amended Prior Term Loan were million and million, respectively. The effective interest rate was at December 31, 2021. The Amended Prior Term Loan was repaid and terminated in connection with the Refinancing. Interest Rate Risk Interest rate risk associated with the New Credit Agreement is managed through an interest rate swap that the Company executed on April 30, 2020. The swap has an effective date of May 18, 2020 and a termination date of May 18, 2023. In February of 2022, the Company amended its interest rate swap to change the index rate from LIBOR to SOFR in connection with the entry into the New Credit Agreement. Under the terms of the amended swap, the Company fixed its SOFR borrowing rate at on a notional amount of million. The interest rate swap is not designated as a hedging instrument for accounting purposes. 
 87 

Table of Contents 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter The obligations under the New Credit Agreement are guaranteed by certain wholly owned subsidiaries (the Guarantors of the Company as defined in the security agreement. The obligations under the New Credit Agreement are secured by substantially all of the Guarantors tangible and intangible assets, including their accounts receivables, equipment, intellectual property, inventory, cash and cash equivalents, deposit accounts, and security accounts. The New Credit Agreement also restricts payments and other distributions unless certain conditions are met, which could restrict the Company s ability to pay dividends. The ownership chain between Latham Pool Products and the Company consists of a series of holding companies with no material assets, liabilities, or standalone operations other than indirect equity interests in Latham Pool Products. Accrued product warranties Accrued incentives Accrued vacation Accrued payroll Accrued interest Accrued third-party services Income taxes payable Deferred revenue Other accrued expenses Total accrued expenses and other current liabilities 
 88 

Table of Contents 
 Bad debt expense Write-offs, net of recoveries ) ) ) Balance at the end of the year Accruals for warranties issued Warranty liabilities assumed in GLI Acquisition Warranty liabilities assumed in Radiant Acquisition Less: Settlements made (in cash or in kind) ) ) ) Balance at the end of the year million. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized costs related to the plan totaling million, comprised primarily of million for severance and related costs and million of fixed asset and facility related expenses. These charges were included in cost of sales and selling, general, and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. The remaining costs under the plan of approximately million are expected to be incurred and recognized in 2023. The Company did not have an exit or disposal cost related liability as of December 31, 2022 or 2021. 
 89 

Table of Contents 
 to , some of which include options to extend and/or terminate the leases. The Company does not have material finance leases. The components of lease expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 were as follows (in thousands): Short-term lease expense Variable lease expense Total lease expense Weighted-average discount rate Operating leases The table below presents supplemental information related to the cash flows for operating leases recorded on the consolidated statements of cash flows (in thousands): 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of lease liabilities: Operating cash flows for operating leases The following table summarizes maturities of operating lease liabilities as of December 31, 2022: 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: Interest ) Present value of lease liability 
 90 

Table of Contents 
 2023 2024 2025 2026 Thereafter Under ASC 840, rental expense during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020 was million and million, respectively. Covers Liners 
 91 

Table of Contents 
 ) Foreign Total ) Foreign Total current tax expense Deferred income tax (benefit) expense: Domestic ) ) ) Foreign ) ) Total deferred tax (benefit) expense ) ) ) Total income tax expense Foreign rate differential ) State income tax, net of federal benefit ) Uncertain tax positions ) Change in valuation allowance ) GILTI (FDII) ) Meals and entertainment ) Foreign expenses not deductible for tax ) Transaction costs not deductible for tax ) Nondeductible stock compensation ) Stock compensation shortfall (windfall) Canadian branch income ) Other permanent items ) ) 
 92 

Table of Contents) ) Additions ) Deductions Balance at December 31 ) The Inflation Reduction Act IRA was passed into law on August 16, 2022. The key provisions from the IRA include the implementation of a 15 alternative book income minimum tax, an excise tax on stock buybacks, and significant tax incentives for energy and climate initiatives. The Company evaluated the key provisions under the IRA and concluded that the provisions are not applicable to Latham for year ended December 31, 2022. On December 22, 2017, the U.S. government enacted comprehensive tax legislation commonly referred to as the U.S. Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 (the Act ). The Act made broad and complex changes to the U.S. tax code, including, but not limited to (1) reducing the U.S. federal corporate tax rate from to effective January 1, 2018, (2) bonus depreciation that allows for full expensing of qualified property, (3) interest expense deduction limitation rules, and (4) new international tax provisions including, but not limited to, global intangible low-tax income GILTI and Foreign Derived Intangible Income FDII ). The Act also required companies to record/pay a one-time transition tax on earnings of certain foreign subsidiaries that were previously tax deferred. The one-time transition tax was based on the Company s total post-1986 earnings and profits E P that were previously deferred for U.S. income tax purposes. The Company did not record a liability for the one-time transition tax for all of its foreign subsidiaries as the Company did not have aggregate E P from those foreign subsidiaries. During the year ended December 31, 2019, the Company finalized the computations of the income tax effects of the Act. Although the Company has completed its accounting for the effects of the Act, the determination of the Act s income tax effects may change following future legislation or further interpretation of the Act based on the publication of recently proposed U.S. Treasury regulations and guidance from the Internal Revenue Service and state tax authorities. The Company has elected with respect to its treatment of GILTI to account for taxes on GILTI as incurred. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Act s amendments to research and development R D expenditures no longer permit an immediate deduction for R D expenditures, including those related to internally developed software, in the tax year that such costs are incurred. Companies are now required to capitalize and amortize all R D expenditures and requires taxpayers to determine the proper amount of their R D costs. The Company considered these new requirements and recorded the deferred tax asset on the capitalization of the R D expenditures. In addition, the Act Section 163(j) provides for a change to the interest deduction limitation for tax years starting January 1, 2022, and later. Taxable income no longer is adjusted for depreciation, amortization, and depletion in arriving at adjusted taxable income ATI ), resulting in lower ATI and potentially a greater interest disallowance. The Company adjusted the interest expense limitation calculation within the GILTI calculation to account for the Section 163(j) update. Deferred Income Taxes Deferred income taxes recognize the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the carrying amounts used for income tax purposes, and the impact of available net operating loss NOL and tax credit carryforwards. These items are stated at the enacted tax rates that are expected to be in effect when taxes are actually paid or recovered. 
 93 

Table of Contents 
 Inventories, net Warranty reserve Trade receivables Profits interest units Accrued expenses Transaction costs Future branch taxes ) ) Other Total deferred tax asset Less: Foreign deferred tax benefit ) ) Total domestic deferred tax asset Deferred tax liabilities: Intangible assets ) ) Property and equipment, net ) ) Prepaid expenses and other ) ) Investments in partnerships ) ) Total deferred tax liabilities ) ) Net deferred tax liabilities ) ) ASC 740, Income Taxes , requires that the Company reduce its deferred income tax assets by a valuation allowance if, based on the weight of the available evidence, it is more likely than not that all or a portion of a deferred tax asset will not be realized. After consideration of all evidence, both positive and negative, management concluded that it is more likely than not that it would be able to realize all of its deferred tax assets and that a valuation allowance of million was no longer necessary as of December 31, 2021. Accordingly, the valuation allowance was released during the year ended December 31, 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2022, management considered all evidence, both positive and negative, and concluded that it is more likely than not that it will be able to realize all of its deferred tax assets and no valuation allowance was needed. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately million (tax effected), which will be available to offset future taxable income and tax liabilities. The NOL carryforwards expire in calendar years 2026 through 2039. The Company reinvests earnings of foreign operations indefinitely and, accordingly, does not provide for income taxes that could result from the remittance of such earnings. The Company acknowledges that it would need to accrue and pay taxes should it decide to repatriate cash generated from earnings of its foreign subsidiaries that are considered indefinitely reinvested but expect that the potential tax liability would be insignificant. Tax Uncertainties The liability related to uncertain tax positions, exclusive of interest, is million at December 31, 2022. Of this amount, million, if recognized, would impact the effective tax rate. The Company does not expect this balance to significantly change within the next twelve months. The Company s policy is to record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in the income tax provision (benefit). As of December 31, 2022, the Company had million of accrued interest and accrued penalties. 
 94 

Table of Contents 
 Additions for tax positions taken during prior years Additions for tax positions taken during the current year Balance at the end of the year million, million, and million related to such plans during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 95 

Table of Contents 
 Granted Forfeited ) Balance at December 31, 2020 Forfeited ) Converted at IPO in connection with the Reorganization ) Balance at December 31, 2021 On January 29, 2021, an employee holder of PIUs terminated his employment with the Company, at which time all of his performance-vesting units were forfeited. At the time of his termination, the employee held of time-vesting units, of which time-vesting units were vested. Per the terms of his termination agreement, the Company accelerated the vesting of an additional time-vesting units, such that the total time-vesting units vested were equal to upon his termination and the remaining of unvested time-vesting units were forfeited upon his termination. As the employee s profits interest units had not vested from an accounting perspective, the retention and immediate vesting of the retained time-vesting units was accounted for as a modification. A cumulative catch-up charge of million was recorded during the fiscal quarter ended April 3, 2021 to reflect the incremental fair value of the awards as of the date of the modification, as compared to the grant-date fair value. Risk-free interest rate Expected term (in years) 3.2 Expected dividend yield During the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company recorded million in stock-based compensation expense related to the settlement of the Contingent Consideration, which is recorded in selling, general, and administrative expense in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 96 

Table of Contents 
 shares. The maximum grant date fair value of cash and equity awards that may be awarded to a non-employee director under the Omnibus Incentive Plan during any one fiscal year, together with any cash fees paid to such non-employee director during such fiscal year, will be . Contemporaneously with the pricing of the Company s IPO, on April 22, 2021 the Company granted of restricted stock awards, of restricted stock units and of option awards under the Omnibus Incentive Plan to employees of the Company. Of the restricted stock awards granted, (i) vest every six months in equal installments beginning on December 27, 2021 and ending on December 27, 2023, and (ii) vest every six months in equal installments, beginning on December 27, 2021 and ending on December 27, 2024. Of the restricted stock unit awards granted, (i) vest 1/3 on the nine-month anniversary of the Closing of the IPO, 1/3 on the first anniversary of the Closing of the IPO, and 1/3 on the two-year anniversary of the Closing of the IPO; (ii) vest on the first anniversary of the Closing of the IPO; (iii) vest on December 16, 2021; and (iv) vest evenly on each of the first three anniversaries of the Closing of the IPO. All of the option awards vest annually on each of the first four anniversaries of the Closing of the IPO. The option awards were granted with a strike price of per share. Under the terms of the Omnibus Incentive Plan, all stock options will expire if not exercised within ten years of the grant date. The following table summarizes the Company s stock-based compensation expense: Selling, general, and administrative Of the million of stock-based compensation expense recorded during the year ended December 31, 2021, million was related to the accelerated vesting of restricted stock and million was related to the modification as a result of the Reorganization. Refer to Note 18 above for detail regarding the Company s equity-based awards issued in the form of PIUs prior to the Reorganization and IPO. The recognized income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation was million for the year ended December 31, 2022. The recognized income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation was million for the year ended December 31, 2021. There was recognized income tax benefit related to stock-based compensation for the year ended December 31, 2020. As of December 31, 2022, total unrecognized stock-based compensation expense related to all unvested stock-based awards was million, which is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. Expected volatility Expected term (in years) Expected dividend yield 
 97 

Table of Contents 
 Restricted Stock Awards Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Restricted Stock Units Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Stock Options Granted Exercised Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Options exercisable at December 31, 2022 The aggregate intrinsic value of stock options is calculated as the difference between the exercise price of the stock options and the fair value of the Company s common stock for those stock options that had exercise prices lower than the fair value of the Company s common stock . The weighted average grant-date fair value of stock options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was per share and per share, respectively. 
 98 

Table of Contents 
 of the issued and outstanding common stock of the Company. The capital structure of the Parent consisted of different classes of limited partnership interests, Class A and Class B units (profits interests). Prior to the Reorganization, of the Class B units would have been vested for accounting purposes because of the Parent s Repurchase Right, which applied in the event of a voluntary termination or termination without cause, since it functions as a vesting condition. Reorganization Prior to the Closing of the IPO, the Company s parent entity, Parent, merged with and into Latham Group, Inc., The purpose of the Reorganization was to allow existing indirect owners of the Company to become direct shareholders of the Company. In connection with the Reorganization, Class A units of the Parent (the Class A units were converted into economically equivalent number of shares of the Company s common stock on a pro rata basis to the individual holders ownership , and Class B units of the Parent (the Class B units were converted into an economically equivalent number of restricted and unrestricted shares of the Company s common stock, based on each individual s respective equity value, as derived by individual Class B ownership. The Reorganization was accounted for as an equity reorganization between entities under common control. As the Class A units were akin to common shares as all holders held economic interest of the Parent and were entitled to distributions on a pro rata basis to their respective ownership, the conversion of Class A units to common shares as part of the Reorganization was considered to be the equivalent to a stock split, which requires retrospective treatment for accounting purposes. Accordingly, all share and per share amounts in these consolidated financial statements and related notes have been retroactively restated, where applicable, for all periods herein, to give effect to the conversion ratio applied in connection with the Reorganization. As a result of the retrospective application of the Reorganization, any transaction between the Company and Parent has been eliminated from these consolidated financial statements as these represent intercompany transactions. Class B units were historically accounted for as compensatory arrangements in accordance with ASC 718 Compensation Stock Compensation, akin to stock appreciation rights, that when vested would share in the economic appreciation of the equity value of Parent over the agreed hurdles. As a result of the Reorganization, the Company determined that only vested Class B units are considered outstanding for accounting purposes. A portion of the Class B units vest based on continued employment by the holder, or time-vesting units, and the remaining Class B units vest upon defined performance and market conditions, or performance-vesting units. Therefore, the Company has considered any unvested restricted shares as contingently issuable shares until they vest. The conversion of time-vesting Class B units to restricted shares is retrospectively included in the weighted-average common shares outstanding used to calculate diluted net income (loss) per share using the treasury stock method for each period in which the individual unit holder s threshold was met at the reporting date. and therefore the individual unit holder would have participated in a hypothetical distribution to the Parent unit holders, if dilutive. The conversion of performance-vesting Class B units to restricted shares is not included in the weighted-average shares outstanding used to calculate diluted net income (loss) per share for any period prior to the Reorganization and IPO as the performance vesting thresholds were not satisfied and the performance units were not considered probable to vest historically. Refer to Note 21 for additional details relating to net income (loss) per share. Equity Structure Subsequent to the Reorganization On April 13, 2021, the Company s certificate of incorporation was amended and restated. Under the amended and restated certificate of incorporation, the Company has authority to issue shares of common stock, par value per share. On April 12, 2021, the Company s board of directors declared and on April 13, 2021, the Company effected a -for-one stock split of its issued and outstanding shares of common stock. 
 99 

Table of Contents 
 Class A units converted into shares of common stock and Class B units converted into shares of common stock and shares of unvested restricted stock. Amendment and Restatement of Certificate of Incorporation On April 22, 2021, the Company s certificate of incorporation was further amended and restated to, among other things, increase the authorized shares to , of which are shares of common stock, par value per share, and are shares of preferred stock, par value per share. Offering of Common Stock On January 11, 2022, the Company completed an offering of shares of common stock, par value per share, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to additional shares of common stock, at a public offering price of per share. The Company received proceeds of million from this offering, net of million of underwriting fees. The proceeds of million were used to purchase shares of common stock from certain of the Company s stockholders, primarily investment funds managed by the Sponsor and Wynnchurch Capital, L.P., and also a small percentage of shares of common stock owned by some of the Company s directors and executive officers. Repurchase Program On May 10, 2022, the Company approved a stock repurchase program (the Repurchase Program ), which authorized the Company to repurchase up to million of the Company s shares of common stock over the next . The Company may effect these repurchases in open market transactions, privately negotiated purchases, or other acquisitions. The Company is not obligated to repurchase any of its shares of its common stock under the Repurchase Program and the timing and amount of any repurchases will depend on market conditions, the Company s stock price, alternative uses of capital, the terms of the Company s debt instruments, and other factors. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company repurchased and concurrently retired shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate amount of million, pursuant to the Repurchase Program. All of the shares were repurchased under a Rule 10b5-1 trading plan. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million remained available for share repurchases pursuant to the Repurchase Program. As of and December 31, 2022 and 2021, and shares of common stock are issued and outstanding for accounting purposes, respectively. 
 100 

Table of Contents) ) Denominator: Weighted-average common shares outstanding Basic Diluted Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stockholders: Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Restricted stock units Stock options million, million, and million, respectively, associated with services performed by BrightAI, which is recorded as construction in progress within property and equipment, net on the consolidated balance sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had accounts payable - related party to BrightAI of million and million, respectively. Expense Reimbursement and Management Fees The Company had an expense reimbursement agreement (the management fee arrangement with the Sponsor and Wynnchurch Capital, L.P. for ongoing consulting and advisory services. The management fee arrangement provided for the aggregate payment of up to million each year for reimbursement of expenses incurred with services provided and, depending on the extent of services provided, management fees. The management fee arrangement terminated upon consummation of the Company s initial public offering. The Company entered into a Stockholders Agreement with the Sponsor and Wynnchurch Capital, L.P. on April 27, 2021. The Stockholders Agreement requires the Company to reimburse the Sponsor and Wynnchurch Capital, 
 101 

Table of Contents 
 management fees incurred by the Company during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. The Company reimbursed million, less than million and less than million of out-of-pocket costs and expenses to the Sponsor during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were less than million and outstanding amounts payable to the Sponsor, respectively. The Company reimbursed less than million of out-of-pocket costs and expenses to Wynnchurch Capital, L.P. during each of the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020. As of both December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were outstanding amounts payable to Wynnchurch Capital, L.P. Operating Lease In May 2019, in connection with the Narellan Acquisition, the Company assumed an operating lease for the manufacture, sale, and storage of swimming pools and associated equipment with Acquigen Pty Ltd, which was owned by an individual employed by the Company. The lease expires in June 2028. The Company recognized million and million of rent expense related to this lease during the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2020, respectively, which is recognized within selling, general, and administrative expense on the consolidated statements of operations. As of December 31, 2021, the individual was no longer employed by the Company and, therefore, no longer considered a related party. Related party transactions disclosed herein that relate to the individual were recognized while the individual was an employee and considered a related party. Canada Australia New Zealand Other Total Canada Australia New Zealand Total 
 102 

Table of Contents 
 Total assets Liabilities and Stockholders Equity Total liabilities Stockholders Equity Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued and outstanding as of both December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 Common stock, par value; shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding, as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income ) Total stockholders equity Total liabilities and stockholders equity The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 103 

Table of Contents) ) Net (loss) income attributable to common stockholders ) ) Net (loss) income per share Net (loss) income per share attributable to common stockholders basic and diluted Basic ) ) Diluted ) ) Weighted-average common shares outstanding basic and diluted Basic Diluted The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 104 

Table of Contents) ) Equity in other comprehensive (loss) income of subsidiary ) ) Comprehensive (loss) income ) ) The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 105 

Table of Contents) ) Adjustments to reconcile net (loss) income to net cash provided by operating activities: Equity in net loss (income) of subsidiary ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities: Distribution from subsidiary Investment in subsidiary ) ) Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities ) ) Cash flows from financing activities: Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriting discounts, commissions and offering costs Proceeds from issuance of common stock Repurchase and retirement of common stock ) ) Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities ) Net increase in cash Cash at beginning of period Cash at end of period The accompanying notes are an integral part of these condensed financial statements. 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 shares of the Company s common stock for an aggregate amount of million, pursuant to the Repurchase Program. On January 11, 2022, the Company completed an offering of shares of common stock, par value per share, including the exercise in full by the underwriters of their option to purchase up to additional shares of common stock, at a public offering price of per share. The Company received proceeds of million from this offering, net of million of underwriting fees. The proceeds of million were used to purchase shares of common stock from certain of the Company s stockholders, primarily investment funds managed by the Sponsor and Wynnchurch Capital, L.P., and also a small percentage of shares of common stock owned by some of the Company s directors and executive officers. On April 27, 2021, the Company completed its initial public offering (the IPO ), pursuant to which it issued and sold shares of common stock, inclusive of shares sold by the Company pursuant to the full exercise of the underwriters option to purchase additional shares. The aggregate net proceeds received by the Company from the IPO were million, after deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and other offering costs. On October 14, 2020 and October 20, 2020, existing shareholders purchased an aggregate of shares of Latham Group, Inc. s common stock for an aggregate of million. In addition, during the year ended December 31, 2020, the Company issued shares of common stock for an aggregate of million. 
 107 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9. Changes In and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure None Item 9A. Controls and Procedures Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures Disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at a reasonable assurance level as of December 31, 2022. Management s Report on Internal Controls Over Financial Reporting Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of our financial reporting and the preparation of consolidated financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. Our management, under the supervision and with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) , issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). Based on this evaluation, management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. This Annual Report on Form 10-K does not include an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm on our internal control over financial reporting following an exemption established by the JOBS Act for emerging growth companies. Changes in Internal Control over Financial Reporting There were no changes in our internal control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) of the Exchange Act) during the most recent fiscal quarter that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. Limitations on Effectiveness of Controls and Procedures In designing and evaluating the disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving the desired control objectives. In addition, the design of a control system must reflect the fact that there are resource constraints and that management is required to apply judgment in evaluating the benefits of possible controls and procedures relative to their costs. Further, because of the inherent limitations in all control systems, no evaluation of controls can provide absolute assurance that misstatements related to error or fraud will not occur or that all control issues and instances of fraud, if any, have been detected. 
 108 

Table of Contents 
 Item 9B. Other Information Form of Management Incentive Bonus Plan On March 1, 2023, the compensation committee (the compensation committee of our board of directors approved a new form of our annual, performance-based Management Incentive Bonus Plan MIB that is applicable to our executive officers and certain other key employees, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.17 and is incorporated herein by reference. The new form of MIB initially is applicable for the annual performance period ending as of December 31, 2023. Form of Equity Award Agreements On March 1, 2023, the compensation committee approved an updated Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement and a new Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement for grants of RSUs and stock appreciation rights SARs under the Latham Group, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Incentive Plan, which are attached hereto as Exhibits 10.14 and 10.15, respectively, and are incorporated herein by reference. The new forms of equity award agreements were used for the annual equity awards to executive officers on March 1, 2023. Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy On February 21, 2023, the compensation committee ratified the Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy without change, which is attached hereto as Exhibit 10.16 and is incorporated herein by reference. Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections None 
 109 

Table of Contents 
 Part III Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers, and Corporate Governance The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement pertaining to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the 2022 fiscal year, and is herein incorporated by reference. Code of Conduct and Business Ethics We have adopted a Code of Conduct and Ethics, which is applicable to all directors, officers, and employees, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer. Our Code of Conduct and Business Ethics is posted on our Investor Relations website at https://ir.lathampool.com/ on the Governance page of the website. To the extent required by SEC rules, we intend to disclose any amendments to our code of conduct and ethics, and any waiver of a provision of the code with respect to our principal executive officer, principal financial officer, principal accounting officer or controller, or persons performing similar functions, on our web site referred to above within four business days following any such amendment or waiver, or within any other period that may be required under SEC rules from time to time. Item 11. Executive Compensation The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement pertaining to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the 2022 fiscal year, and is herein incorporated by reference. Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement pertaining to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the 2022 fiscal year, and is herein incorporated by reference. Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement pertaining to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the 2022 fiscal year, and is herein incorporated by reference. Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services The information required by this item will be included in our definitive Proxy Statement pertaining to our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders, which will be filed with the SEC pursuant to Regulation 14A not later than 120 days after the end of the 2022 fiscal year, and is herein incorporated by reference. 
 110 

Table of Contents 
 Part IV Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 1) Financial Statements. The Company s financial statements are included in Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 2) Financial Statements Schedules. All schedules are omitted since they are not applicable, not required, or the information required to be set forth therein is included under Part II, Item 8, Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 3) Exhibits. The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index immediately below are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 2.1# Merger Agreement by and between Latham Group, Inc. and Latham Investment Holdings, L.P. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 3, 2021 (File No. 001-40358)) 3.1 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of Latham Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 3, 2021 (File No. 001-40358)) 3.2 Amended and Restated Bylaws of Latham Group, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on June 3, 2021 (File No. 001-40358)) 4.1 Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Latham Group, Inc s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed with the SEC on March 10, 2022 (File No. 001-40358)). 10.1# Credit and Guaranty Agreement, dated as of February 23, 2022, among Latham Pool Products, Inc., Latham International Manufacturing Corp., the other guarantors party thereto, the lenders and letter of credit issuers party thereto and Barclays Bank PLC, as administrative agent (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Latham Group, Inc. s Current Report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on February 23, 2022 (File No. 001-40358)). 10.2 Stockholders Agreement by and among Latham Group, Inc. and the stockholders party thereto, dated as of April 27, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021 (File No. 001-40358)) 10.3 Registration Rights Agreement by and among Latham Group, Inc. and the stockholders party thereto, dated as of April 27, 2021 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021 (File No. 001-40358))) 10.4 Form of Indemnification Agreement by and among the Latham Group, Inc. and each of its directors and executive officers (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021 (File No. 001-40358)) 10.5 Employment Agreement by and between Scott Rajeski and Latham Pool Products, Inc., dated December 17, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Latham Group, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021 (File No. 333-254930)) 
 111 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 10.6 Offer Letter by and between Joel R. Culp and Latham Pool Products, Inc., dated January 18, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to Latham Group, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021 (File No. 333-254930)) 10.7 Employment Agreement by and between Joel R. Culp and Latham Pool Products, Inc., dated February 11, 2019 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to Latham Group, Inc. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed with the SEC on April 15, 2021 (File No. 333-254930)) 10.8 Employment Agreement by and between Robert L. Masson II and Latham Pool Products, Inc., dated June 9, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022 (File No. 001-40358)) 10.9 Retirement Agreement by and between J. Mark Borseth and Latham Pool Products, Inc., dated June 12, 2022 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 11, 2022 (File No. 001-40358)) 10.10 Latham Group, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021 (File No. 001-40358)) 10.11 Form of Nonqualified Option Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021 (File No. 001-40358)) 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021 (File No. 001-40358)) 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to Latham Group, Inc. s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed with the SEC on August 5, 2021 (File No. 001-40358)) 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan dated March 2023 10.15 Form of Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement under the 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan dated March 2023 10.16 Latham Group, Inc. Non-Employee Director Compensation Plan 10.17 Form of Latham Group, Inc. Management Incentive Bonus Plan 21.1 Subsidiaries of the registrant 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP, independent registered public accounting firm 31.1 Certification of CEO, pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) (filed herewith) 31.2 Certification of CFO, pursuant to SEC Rule 13a-14(a) and 15d-14(a) (filed herewith) 32.1 Certification by the CEO, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 32.2 Certification by the CFO, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 101.INS iXBRL Instance Document 101.SCH iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 112 

Table of Contents 

Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 101.DEF iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 101.PRE iXBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the Inline XBRL document and contained in Exhibit 101) Indicates management contract or compensatory plan. Filed herewith. # Portions of this exhibit have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(a)(5) of Regulation S-K. A signed original of the written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company and will be retained by the Company and forwarded to the SEC or its staff upon request. Item 16. Form 10-K Summary None 
 113 

Table of Contents 
 SIGNATURES Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. Date March 7, 2023 

LATHAM GROUP, INC. /s/ Scott Rajeski Scott Rajeski Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer) Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature Title Date /s/ Scott M. Rajeski Chief Executive Officer and President; Director March 7, 2023 Scott M. Rajeski (Principal Executive Officer) /s/ Robert L. Masson II Chief Financial Officer March 7, 2023 Robert L. Masson II (Principal Financial Officer) /s/ Suraj Kunchala Vice President and Controller March 7, 2023 Suraj Kunchala (Principal Accounting Officer) /s/ William M. Pruellage Director March 7, 2023 William M. Pruellage /s/ Dane Derbyshire Director March 7, 2023 Dane Derbyshire /s/ Mark P. Laven Director March 7, 2023 Mark P. Laven /s/ James E. Cline Director March 7, 2023 James E. Cline /s/ Robert D. Evans Director March 7, 2023 Robert D. Evans /s/ Alexander L. Hawkinson Director March 7, 2023 Alexander L. Hawkinson /s/ Suzan Morno-Wade Director March 7, 2023 Suzan Morno-Wade 
 114 

<EX-10.14>
 2
 swim-20221231xex10d14.htm
 EX-10.14

Exhibit 10.14 
 LATHAM GROUP, INC. 2021 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT THIS RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), is entered into as of [__________], 20[__] (the Date of Grant ), by and between Latham Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and [________] (the Participant ). Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Latham Group, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms (the Plan ). WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the Plan, pursuant to which restricted stock units RSUs may be granted; and WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to grant the RSUs provided for herein to the Participant on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the covenants of the parties contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, for themselves, their successors and assigns, hereby agree as follows: 1. Grant of Restricted Stock Units. (a) Grant . The Company hereby grants to the Participant a total of [_____] RSUs, on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and as otherwise provided in the Plan. The RSUs shall vest in accordance with Section 2. The RSUs shall be credited to a separate book-entry account maintained for the Participant on the books of the Company. (b) Incorporation by Reference . The provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and any interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations promulgated by the Committee from time to time pursuant to the Plan. The Committee shall have final authority to interpret and construe the Plan and this Agreement and to make any and all determinations under them, and its decision shall be binding and conclusive upon the Participant and the Participant s beneficiary in respect of any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received a copy of the Plan and has had an opportunity to review the Plan and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Plan. 2. Vesting; Settlement. (a) Except as may otherwise be provided herein, subject to the Participant s continued employment with, or engagement to provide services to, the Company and any of its Affiliates, the RSUs shall vest as follows: [_____] (any date on which RSUs vest, a Vesting Date ). Upon vesting, the RSUs shall no longer be subject to the transfer restrictions pursuant to Section 14(b) of the Plan or cancellation pursuant to Section 4 hereof. (b) Each RSU shall be settled within 10 days following the Vesting Date in shares of Common Stock. The Company shall issue or deliver to the Participant in book entry notation or, if applicable, stock certificate form, the number of shares of Common Stock the Participant is entitled to receive under the terms of this Agreement. 3. Dividend Equivalents. In the event of any issuance of a cash dividend on the shares of Common Stock (a Dividend ), the Participant shall be credited, as of the payment date for such Dividend, with an additional 

number of RSUs (each, an Additional RSU equal to the quotient obtained by dividing (x) the product of (i) the number of RSUs granted pursuant to this Agreement and outstanding as of the record date for such Dividend multiplied by (ii) the amount of the Dividend per share, by (y) the Fair Market Value per share on the payment date for such Dividend, such quotient to be rounded to the nearest hundredth. Once credited, each Additional RSU shall be treated as an RSU granted hereunder and shall be subject to all terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement and the Plan. 4. Termination of Employment or Services. If the Participant s employment with, or engagement to provide services to, the Company and its Affiliates terminates for any reason, all unvested RSUs shall be canceled immediately and the Participant shall not be entitled to receive any payments with respect thereto. 5. Rights as a Stockholder. The Participant shall not be deemed for any purpose to be the owner of any shares of Common Stock underlying the RSUs unless, until and to the extent that (i) the Company shall have issued and delivered to the Participant the shares of Common Stock underlying the RSUs and (ii) the Participant s name shall have been entered as a stockholder of record with respect to such shares of Common Stock on the books of the Company. The Company shall cause the actions described in clauses (i) and (ii) of the preceding sentence to occur promptly following settlement as contemplated by this Agreement, subject to compliance with applicable laws. 6. Compliance with Legal Requirements. (a) Generally . The granting and settlement of the RSUs, and any other obligations of the Company under this Agreement, shall be subject to all applicable U.S. federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, all applicable non-U.S. laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required. The Participant agrees to take all steps that the Committee or the Company determines are reasonably necessary to comply with all applicable provisions of U.S. federal and state securities law and non-U.S. securities law in exercising the Participant s rights under this Agreement. (b) Tax Withholding . The vesting and settlement of the RSUs shall be subject to the Participant satisfying any applicable U.S. federal, state and local tax withholding obligations and non-U.S. tax withholding obligations. The Participant shall be required to pay to the Company, and the Company shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold any cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities or other property or from any compensation or other amounts owing to the Participant, the amount (in cash, Common Stock, other securities or other property) of any required withholding taxes in respect of the RSUs, settlement of the RSUs or any payment or transfer of the RSUs, and to take any such other action as the Committee or the Company deem necessary to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes (up to the maximum permissible withholding amounts). In its sole discretion, the Company may permit the Participant to satisfy, in whole or in part, the tax obligations by withholding shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be deliverable to the Participant upon settlement of the RSUs with a Fair Market Value equal to such withholding liability. 7. Clawback. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Committee may cancel the RSU award if the Participant, without the consent of the Company, has engaged in or engages in activity that is in conflict with or adverse to the interest of the Company or any Affiliate while employed by, or otherwise providing services to, the Company or any Affiliate, including fraud or conduct contributing to any financial restatements or irregularities, or if the Participant violates the covenants set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto or any other non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement or non-disclosure covenant or agreement with the Company or any Affiliate (after giving effect to any applicable cure period set forth therein), as determined by the Committee. In such event, the Participant will forfeit any compensation, gain or other value realized thereafter on the vesting or settlement of the RSUs, the sale or other transfer of the RSUs, or the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired in respect of the RSUs, and must promptly repay such amounts to the Company. If the Participant receives any amount in excess of what the Participant should have received under the terms of the RSUs for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a financial restatement, mistake in calculations or other administrative error), all as determined by the Committee, then the Participant shall be required to promptly repay any such excess 

amount to the Company. To the extent required by applicable law and/or the rules and regulations of the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted, or if so required pursuant to a written policy adopted by the Company, the RSUs shall be subject (including on a retroactive basis) to clawback, forfeiture or similar requirements (and such requirements shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Agreement). 8. Restrictive Covenants. (a) Without limiting any other non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement or non-disclosure or other similar agreement to which the Participant may be a party, the Participant shall be subject to the confidentiality and restrictive covenants set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, which Exhibit A is incorporated herein and forms part of this Agreement. (b) In the event that the Participant violates any of the restrictive covenants referred to in this Section 8, in addition to any other remedy that may be available at law or in equity, the RSUs shall be automatically forfeited effective as of the date on which such violation first occurs. The foregoing rights and remedies are in addition to any other rights and remedies that may be available to the Company and shall not prevent (and the Participant shall not assert that they shall prevent) the Company from bringing one or more actions in any applicable jurisdiction to recover damages as a result of the Participant s breach of such restrictive covenants. 9. Miscellaneous. (a) Transferability . The RSUs may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered (a Transfer by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order or as otherwise permitted under Section 14(b) of the Plan. Any attempted Transfer of the RSUs contrary to the provisions hereof, and the levy of any execution, attachment or similar process upon the RSUs, shall be null and void and without effect. (b) Waiver . Any right of the Company contained in this Agreement may be waived in writing by the Committee. No waiver of any right hereunder by any party shall operate as a waiver of any other right, or as a waiver of the same right with respect to any subsequent occasion for its exercise, or as a waiver of any right to damages. No waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement shall be held to constitute a waiver of any other breach or a waiver of the continuation of the same breach. (c) Section 409A . The RSUs are intended to be exempt from, or compliant with, Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if any provision of the Plan or this Agreement contravenes Section 409A of the Code or could cause the Participant to incur any tax, interest or penalties under Section 409A of the Code, the Committee may, in its sole discretion and without the Participant s consent, modify such provision to (i) comply with, or avoid being subject to, Section 409A of the Code, or to avoid the incurrence of taxes, interest and penalties under Section 409A of the Code, and/or (ii) maintain, to the maximum extent practicable, the original intent and economic benefit to the Participant of the applicable provision without materially increasing the cost to the Company or contravening the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. This Section 9(c) does not create an obligation on the part of the Company to modify the Plan or this Agreement and does not guarantee that the RSUs will not be subject to interest and penalties under Section 409A. (d) General Assets . All amounts credited in respect of the RSUs to the book-entry account under this Agreement shall continue for all purposes to be part of the general assets of the Company. The Participant s interest in such account shall make the Participant only a general, unsecured creditor of the Company. (e) Notices . Any notices provided for in this Agreement or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficiently given if either hand delivered or if sent by fax, pdf/email or overnight courier, or by postage-paid first-class mail. Notices sent by mail shall be deemed received three business days 

after mailing but in no event later than the date of actual receipt. Notices shall be directed, if to the Participant, at the Participant s address indicated by the Company s records, or if to the Company, to the attention of the General Counsel and to the Head of Human Resources at the Company s principal executive office. (f) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, and each other provision of this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. (g) No Rights to Employment or Service . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as giving the Participant any right to be retained, in any position, as a consultant or employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company or any of its Affiliates, which are hereby expressly reserved, to remove, terminate or discharge the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever. (h) Fractional Shares . In lieu of issuing a fraction of a share of Common Stock resulting from an adjustment of the RSUs pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan or otherwise, the Company shall be entitled to pay to the Participant an amount in cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional share. (i) Beneficiary . The Participant may file with the Committee a written designation of a beneficiary on such form as may be prescribed by the Committee and may, from time to time, amend or revoke such designation. (j) Successors . The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns, and of the Participant and the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors of the Participant. (k) Entire Agreement . This Agreement (including Exhibit A attached hereto) and the Plan contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersede all prior communications, representations and negotiations in respect thereto, other than any other non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement or non-disclosure or other similar agreement to which the Participant may be a party, the covenants of which shall continue to apply to the Participant in addition to the covenants in Exhibit A attached hereto, in accordance with the terms of such agreement. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto, except for any changes permitted without consent under Section 11 or 12 of the Plan. (l) Governing Law and Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. (i) Dispute Resolution; Consent to Jurisdiction . All disputes between or among any Persons arising out of or in any way connected with the Plan, this Agreement or the RSUs shall be solely and finally settled by the Committee, acting in good faith, the determination of which shall be final. Any matters not covered by the preceding sentence shall be solely and finally settled in accordance with the Plan, and the Participant and the Company consent to the personal jurisdiction of the United States federal and state courts sitting in Wilmington, Delaware, as the exclusive jurisdiction with respect to matters arising out of or related to the enforcement of the Committee s determinations and resolution of matters, if any, related to the Plan or this Agreement not required to be resolved by the Committee. Each such Person hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, action or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address of such Person, such service to become effective ten (10) days after such mailing. 

(ii) Waiver of Jury Trial . Each party hereto hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). Each party hereto (A) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (B) acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this section. (m) Headings . The headings of the Sections hereof are provided for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction, and shall not constitute a part, of this Agreement. (n) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including via facsimile and electronic image scan (pdf)), each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties. (o) Electronic Signature and Delivery . This Agreement may be accepted by return signature or by electronic confirmation. By accepting this Agreement, the Participant consents to the electronic delivery of prospectuses, annual reports and other information required to be delivered by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules (which consent may be revoked in writing by the Participant at any time upon three business days notice to the Company, in which case subsequent prospectuses, annual reports and other information will be delivered in hard copy to the Participant). (p) Electronic Participation in Plan . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 [Remainder of page intentionally blank] 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement has been executed by the Company and the Participant as of the day first written above. LATHAM GROUP, INC. By: Name: Title: [PARTICIPANT] 

[Signature Page to [______________] RSU Award Agreement] 

Exhibit A 1. During the Participant s employment with, or other engagement to provide services to, the Company or any of its Affiliates and for a period of twenty-four (24) months thereafter (the Restricted Period ), the Participant shall not, either directly or indirectly, for himself or herself or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other Person: 
 a. solicit or attempt to solicit, recruit or attempt to recruit, hire or attempt to hire or in any way persuade any officer, director, employee, agent, or contract worker of the Latham Companies to end such Person s relationship with any Latham Company; or 
 b. solicit or attempt to solicit any business related to the business of the Latham Companies from any Person who is or was a customer or vendor of any Latham Company or an actively sought prospective customer or prospective vendor with whom the Participant had material business contact (through sales calls, presentations, or other business dealings) at any time during the five (5) year period preceding the termination of Participant s employment. 
 2. During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, either directly or indirectly, individually or through any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, whether as owner, partner, investor, operator, manager, officer, director, consultant, agent, employee, co-venturer, advisor, representative or otherwise, engage, participate, assist or invest or actively prepare to engage, participate, assist or invest in the pool industry, or any other industries in which the Company or any of its Affiliates have done business during the Participant s employment with the Company or which the Company or any of its Affiliates were actively considering during such period. The restrictions set forth this Paragraph 2 shall apply to any conduct in North America and any other geographical area in which the Company or any of its Affiliates operate or provide services or are actively preparing to operate or provide services as of the date of Participant s employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 3. The Participant hereby agrees to hold in confidence all Confidential Information and Trade Secrets of the Latham Companies that came into the Participant s knowledge during the period of time during which the Participant was employed by, or otherwise providing services to, the Company or any of its Affiliates and will not disclose, publish or make use of such Confidential Information or Trade Secrets without the prior written consent of the Company for as long as the information remains Confidential Information or a Trade Secret. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not prevent the Participant from making a disclosure that (a) is made in the ordinary course of the Participant s duties with the Company or any of its Affiliates; (b) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (c) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Further, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets shall not include information (x) that otherwise becomes generally known in the industry or to the public through no act of the Participant or any Person or entity acting by or on the Participant s behalf or (y) information that the Participant can demonstrate to have had rightfully in the Participant s possession prior to the date on which the Participant first provided services to any Latham Company. 
 4. During the period of time during which the Participant is employed by, or otherwise providing services to, the Company or any of its Affiliates and thereafter, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, take any action, or encourage others to take any action, to disparage or criticize any Latham Company or their respective Affiliates, employees, officers, directors, products, services, customers or owners. 
 5. For purposes of this Exhibit A : 
 a. Confidential Information shall be defined as any data or information (other than Trade Secrets) that is valuable to the Latham Companies (or, if owned by someone else, is valuable to that third party) and not generally known to the public or to competitors in the industry, including, but not limited to, any non-public information (regardless of whether in writing or retained as personal knowledge) pertaining to research and development; product costs, designs and processes; 

equityholder information; pricing, cost, or profit factors; quality programs; annual budget and long-range business plans; marketing plans and methods; contracts and bids; business ideas and methods, store concepts, inventions, innovations, developments, graphic designs, website designs, patterns, specifications, procedures, databases and personnel. 
 b. The Latham Companies shall be defined as the Company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries and parent companies, and any Person in which the Company has a twenty percent or greater ownership interest, whether existing on the Date of Grant or thereafter acquired or formed. 
 c. Trade Secret means trade secret as defined by applicable state law. In the absence of such a definition, Trade Secret means information including, but not limited to, any technical or nontechnical data, formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, drawing, process, financial data, financial plan, product plan, list of actual or potential customers or suppliers or other information similar to any of the foregoing, which (a) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can derive economic value from its disclosure or use and (b) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy 
 6. Prior to accepting any offer of employment during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall inform such employers of all covenants in this Exhibit A and, within two (2) business days of accepting an offer of employment with another employer, shall notify the Company of the name and address of the new employer and the title of the position accepted. 
 7. The covenants in this Exhibit A are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific covenant shall not affect the provisions of any other covenant. If any provision of this Exhibit A relating to the time period, scope, or geographic area of the restrictive covenants shall be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to exceed the maximum time period, scope, or geographic area, as applicable, that such court or arbitrator deems reasonable and enforceable, then this Agreement shall automatically be considered to have been amended and revised to reflect such determination. 
 8. All of the covenants in this Exhibit A shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provisions in Exhibit A , and the existence of any claim or cause of action the Participant may have against any Latham Company, whether predicated on this Exhibit A or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by any Latham Company of such covenants. 
 9. This Exhibit A shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
 a. All disputes between or among any Persons arising out of or in any way connected with this Exhibit A shall be solely and finally settled by the Committee, acting in good faith, the determination of which shall be final. Any matters not covered by the preceding sentence shall be solely and finally settled in accordance with the Plan, and the Participant and the Company consent to the personal jurisdiction of the United States federal and state courts sitting in Wilmington, Delaware, as the exclusive jurisdiction with respect to matters arising out of or related to the enforcement of the Committee s determinations and resolution of matters, if any, related to the Plan or this Exhibit A not required to be resolved by the Committee. Each such Person hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, action or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address of such Person, such service to become effective ten (10) days after such mailing. 
 b. Each party hereto hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Exhibit A or the transactions contemplated (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). Each party hereto (A) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has 

represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (B) acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this section. 
 10. The Participant has carefully read and considered the provisions of this Exhibit A and, having done so, agrees that the restrictive covenants in this Exhibit A impose a fair and reasonable restraint on the Participant and are reasonably required to protect the interests of the Latham Companies and their respective officers, directors, employees, and equityholders. 

</EX-10.14>

<EX-10.15>
 3
 swim-20221231xex10d15.htm
 EX-10.15

Exhibit 10.15 
 LATHAM GROUP, INC. 2021 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHT AWARD AGREEMENT THIS STOCK APPRECIATION RIGHT AWARD AGREEMENT (this Agreement ), is entered into as of [__________], 20[__] (the Date of Grant ), by and between Latham Group, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), and [________] (the Participant ). Capitalized terms used in this Agreement and not otherwise defined herein have the meanings ascribed to such terms in the Latham Group, Inc. 2021 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan, as amended, restated or otherwise modified from time to time in accordance with its terms (the Plan ). WHEREAS, the Company has adopted the Plan, pursuant to which stock appreciation rights (the SARs may be granted; and WHEREAS, the Committee has determined that it is in the best interests of the Company and its stockholders to grant the SARs provided for herein to the Participant on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth herein; and NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the premises and the covenants of the parties contained in this Agreement, and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties hereto, for themselves, their successors and assigns, hereby agree as follows: 1. Grant of Stock Appreciation Rights. (a) Grant . The Company hereby grants to the Participant a total of [_____] SARs with a Strike Price of [___], on the terms and subject to the conditions set forth in this Agreement and as otherwise provided in the Plan, pursuant to which the Participant shall be eligible to receive a number of shares of Common Stock with a Fair Market Value, determined on the date of exercise, equal to the product of (i) the aggregate number of vested SARs exercised multiplied by (ii) the excess of (A) the Fair Market Value of a share of Common Stock, determined on the date of exercise, over (B) the Strike Price specified above, subject to Participant s fulfillment of the vesting and other conditions set forth in this Agreement. The SARs may only be settled in shares of Common Stock and shall vest in accordance with Section 2. The SARs subject to this Agreement are not being issued in tandem with an Option. 
 (b) Incorporation by Reference . The provisions of the Plan are incorporated herein by reference. Except as otherwise expressly set forth herein, this Agreement shall be construed in accordance with the provisions of the Plan and any interpretations, amendments, rules and regulations promulgated by the Committee from time to time pursuant to the Plan. The Committee shall have final authority to interpret and construe the Plan and this Agreement and to make any and all determinations under them, and its decision shall be binding and conclusive upon the Participant and the Participant s beneficiary in respect of any questions arising under the Plan or this Agreement. The Participant acknowledges that the Participant has received a copy of the Plan and has had an opportunity to review the Plan and agrees to be bound by all the terms and provisions of the Plan. 
 [ FOR 2023 AWARDS ONLY, IF DATE OF GRANT IS PRIOR TO ANNUAL STOCKHOLDERS MEETING : (c) Subject to Stockholder Approval . As of the Date of Grant, the Plan does not have sufficient shares of Common Stock reserved for issuance in the Share Pool as would be necessary under the terms of this Agreement and similar agreements with other specified participants in the Plan. The Company is seeking stockholder approval at its 2023 annual meeting of stockholders to increase the Share Pool by an amount sufficient to permit the issuance of the shares of Common Stock contemplated by this Agreement and similar agreements with other specified participants in the Plan. The Participant understands that the shares of Common Stock contemplated by this Agreement cannot be issued and the Participant agrees to not exercise these SARs until such time as the Company s stockholders approve an increase in the Share Pool in such amount to permit the shares of Common Stock 

contemplated hereunder, and under such similar agreements with other participants, to be validly issued under the applicable registration statement on Form S-8. In the event the required stockholder approval is not obtained for any reason, this Agreement shall be null and void and the Participant shall have no interest or rights of any kind with respect to the SARs or shares of Common Stock underlying this Agreement, or to any future Awards under the Plan unless pursuant to a new Award agreement with the Company.] 
 2. Vesting. Except as may otherwise be provided herein, subject to the Participant s continued employment with, or engagement to provide services to, the Company or any of its Affiliates, the SARs shall vest and become exercisable in equal installments on each of the first [ ] anniversaries of the Date of Grant (each such date, a Vesting Date ). The resulting aggregate number of vested SARs will be rounded to the nearest whole number, provided that the Participant may not vest in more than the number of SARs set forth in Section 1(a). 3. Termination of Employment or Services . If the Participant s employment with, or engagement to provide services to, the Company and its Affiliates terminates for any reason, the unvested portion of the SARs shall be canceled immediately and the Participant shall immediately forfeit without any consideration any rights to the shares of Common Stock subject to such unvested portion. 4. Expiration. (a) In no event shall all or any portion of the SARs be exercisable after the tenth annual anniversary of the Date of Grant (such ten-year period, the SAR Period provided , that if the SAR Period would expire at a time when trading in the shares of Common Stock is prohibited by the Company s securities trading policy (or Company-imposed blackout period ), the SAR Period shall be automatically extended until the 30 th day following the expiration of such prohibition (but not to the extent that any such extension would otherwise violate Section 409A of the Code). 
 (b) If, prior to the end of the SAR Period, the Participant s employment with, or engagement to provide services to, the Company and all Affiliates is terminated without Cause or by the Participant for any reason, then the SARs shall expire on the earlier of the last day of the SAR Period or the date that is 90 days after the date of such termination; provided , however , that if the Participant s employment or engagement to provide services to the Company and its Affiliates is terminated and the Participant is subsequently rehired, reappointed or reengaged by the Company or any Affiliate within 90 days following such termination and prior to the expiration of the SARs, the Participant shall not be considered to have undergone a termination of employment or service, as applicable (including under Section 3), and therefore the unvested and vested SARs shall continue in the ordinary course under this Agreement. In the event of a termination described in this subsection (b), the SARs shall remain exercisable by the Participant until its expiration only to the extent that the SARs were exercisable at the time of such termination. 
 (c) If (i) the Participant s employment with, or engagement to provide services to, the Company is terminated prior to the end of the SAR Period on account of his Disability, (ii) the Participant dies while still in the employ or engagement of the Company or an Affiliate or (iii) the Participant dies following a termination described in subsection (b) above but prior to the expiration of the SARs, the SARs shall expire on the earlier of the last day of the Option Period or the date that is one year after the date of death or termination on account of Disability of the Participant, as applicable. In such event, the SARs shall remain exercisable by the Participant or Participant s beneficiary, as applicable, until its expiration only to the extent that the SARs were exercisable by the Participant at the time of such event. 
 (d) If the Participant ceases employment with or engagement to provide services to the Company or any Affiliates due to a termination for Cause, the SARs (whether vested or unvested) shall expire immediately upon such termination. 
 
 2 

5. Method of Exercise and Form of Payment. No shares of Common Stock shall be delivered pursuant to any exercise of the SARs until payment in full to the Company of the Strike Price and an amount equal to any U.S. federal, state, local and non-U.S. income and employment taxes required to be withheld. The SARs may be exercised by delivery of written or electronic notice of exercise to the Company or its designee (including a third-party-administrator) in accordance with the terms hereof. The Strike Price and all applicable required withholding taxes shall be payable (i) in cash, check, cash equivalent and/or in shares of Common Stock valued at the Fair Market Value at the time the SARs are exercised (including, pursuant to procedures approved by the Committee, by means of attestation of ownership of a sufficient number of shares of Common Stock in lieu of actual delivery of such shares to the Company); provided that such shares of Common Stock are not subject to any pledge or other security interest; or (ii) by such other method as the Committee may permit, including without limitation: (A) in other property having a Fair Market Value equal to the Strike Price and all applicable required withholding taxes or (B) if there is a public market for the shares of Common Stock at such time, by means of a broker-assisted cashless exercise pursuant to which the Company is delivered a copy of irrevocable instructions to a stockbroker to sell the shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable upon the exercise of the SARs and to deliver promptly to the Company an amount equal to the Strike Price and all applicable required withholding taxes; or (C) by means of a net exercise procedure effected by withholding the number of shares of Common Stock otherwise deliverable in respect of the SARs that are needed to pay for the Strike Price and all applicable required withholding taxes. Any fractional shares of Common Stock resulting from the application of this Section 5 shall be settled in cash. 6. Delivery of Shares of Common Stock . Upon exercise of the SARs, the Participant will receive the number of shares of Common Stock in accordance with Section 1(a). The Company shall issue or deliver to the Participant in book entry notation or, if applicable, stock certificate form, the number of shares of Common Stock the Participant is entitled to receive under the terms of this Agreement as soon as practicable; and, when possible, in the same calendar year. 7. Rights as a Stockholder. The Participant shall not be deemed for any purpose to be the owner of any shares of Common Stock subject to the SARs unless, until and to the extent that (i) the SARs shall have been exercised pursuant to its terms, (ii) the Company shall have issued and delivered to the Participant the shares of Common Stock and (iii) the Participant s name shall have been entered as a stockholder of record with respect to such shares of Common Stock on the books of the Company. The Company shall cause the actions described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of the preceding sentence to occur promptly following settlement as contemplated by this Agreement, subject to compliance with applicable laws. 8. C ompliance with Legal Requirements. (a) Generally . The granting, exercise and settlement of the SARs, and any other obligations of the Company under this Agreement, shall be subject to all applicable U.S. federal, state and local laws, rules and regulations, all applicable non-U.S. laws, rules and regulations and to such approvals by any regulatory or governmental agency as may be required. The Participant agrees to take all steps that the Committee or the Company determines are reasonably necessary to comply with all applicable provisions of U.S. federal and state securities law and non-U.S. securities law in exercising the Participant s rights under this Agreement. 
 (b) Tax Withholding . The exercise and settlement of the SARs shall be subject to the Participant satisfying any applicable U.S. federal, state and local tax withholding obligations and non-U.S. tax withholding obligations. The Participant shall be required to pay to the Company, and the Company shall have the right and is hereby authorized to withhold any cash, shares of Common Stock, other securities or other property or from any compensation or other amounts owing to the Participant, the amount (in cash, Common Stock, other securities or other property) of any required withholding taxes in respect of the SARs, settlement of the SARs or any payment or transfer of the SARs, and to take any such other action as the Committee or the Company deem necessary to satisfy all obligations for the payment of such withholding taxes (up to the maximum permissible withholding amounts). In its sole discretion, the Company may permit the Participant to satisfy, in whole or in part, the tax 

 3 

obligations by withholding shares of Common Stock that would otherwise be deliverable to the Participant upon settlement of the SARs with a Fair Market Value equal to such withholding liability. 
 9. Clawback. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, the Committee may cancel the SARs award if the Participant, without the consent of the Company, has engaged in or engages in activity that is in conflict with or adverse to the interest of the Company or any Affiliate while employed by, or otherwise providing services to, the Company or any Affiliate, including fraud or conduct contributing to any financial restatements or irregularities, or if the Participant violates the covenants set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto or any other non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement or non-disclosure covenant or agreement with the Company or any Affiliate (after giving effect to any applicable cure period set forth therein), as determined by the Committee. In such event, the Participant will forfeit any compensation, gain or other value realized thereafter on the exercise and settlement of the SARs, the sale or other transfer of the SARs, or the sale of shares of Common Stock acquired in respect of the SARs, and must promptly repay such amounts to the Company. If the Participant receives any amount in excess of what the Participant should have received under the terms of the SARs for any reason (including without limitation by reason of a financial restatement, mistake in calculations or other administrative error), all as determined by the Committee, then the Participant shall be required to promptly repay any such excess amount to the Company. To the extent required by applicable law and/or the rules and regulations of the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation system on which the Common Stock is listed or quoted, or if so required pursuant to a written policy adopted by the Company, the SARs shall be subject (including on a retroactive basis) to clawback, forfeiture or similar requirements (and such requirements shall be deemed incorporated by reference into this Agreement). 10. Restrictive Covenants. (a) Without limiting any other non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement or non-disclosure or other similar agreement to which the Participant may be a party, the Participant shall be subject to the confidentiality and restrictive covenants set forth on Exhibit A attached hereto, which Exhibit A is incorporated herein and forms part of this Agreement. 
 (b) In the event that the Participant violates any of the restrictive covenants referred to in this Section 10, in addition to any other remedy that may be available at law or in equity, the SARs shall be automatically forfeited effective as of the date on which such violation first occurs. The foregoing rights and remedies are in addition to any other rights and remedies that may be available to the Company and shall not prevent (and the Participant shall not assert that they shall prevent) the Company from bringing one or more actions in any applicable jurisdiction to recover damages as a result of the Participant s breach of such restrictive covenants. 
 11. Miscellaneous. (a) Transferability . The SARs may not be assigned, alienated, pledged, attached, sold or otherwise transferred or encumbered (a Transfer by the Participant other than by will or by the laws of descent and distribution, pursuant to a qualified domestic relations order or as otherwise permitted under Section 14(b) of the Plan. Any attempted Transfer of the SARs contrary to the provisions hereof, and the levy of any execution, attachment or similar process upon the SARs, shall be null and void and without effect. 
 (b) Waiver . Any right of the Company contained in this Agreement may be waived in writing by the Committee. No waiver of any right hereunder by any party shall operate as a waiver of any other right, or as a waiver of the same right with respect to any subsequent occasion for its exercise, or as a waiver of any right to damages. No waiver by any party of any breach of this Agreement shall be held to constitute a waiver of any other breach or a waiver of the continuation of the same breach. 
 (c) Section 409A . The SARs are not intended to be subject to Section 409A of the Code. Notwithstanding the foregoing or any provision of the Plan or this Agreement, if any provision of the Plan or this 

 4 

Agreement contravenes Section 409A of the Code or could cause the Participant to incur any tax, interest or penalties under Section 409A of the Code, the Committee may, in its sole discretion and without the Participant s consent, modify such provision to (i) comply with, or avoid being subject to, Section 409A of the Code, or to avoid the incurrence of taxes, interest and penalties under Section 409A of the Code, and/or (ii) maintain, to the maximum extent practicable, the original intent and economic benefit to the Participant of the applicable provision without materially increasing the cost to the Company or contravening the provisions of Section 409A of the Code. This Section 11(c) does not create an obligation on the part of the Company to modify the Plan or this Agreement and does not guarantee that the SARs will not be subject to interest and penalties under Section 409A. 
 (d) Notices . Any notices provided for in this Agreement or the Plan shall be in writing and shall be deemed sufficiently given if either hand delivered or if sent by fax, pdf/email or overnight courier, or by postage-paid first-class mail. Notices sent by mail shall be deemed received three business days after mailing but in no event later than the date of actual receipt. Notices shall be directed, if to the Participant, at the Participant s address indicated by the Company s records, or if to the Company, to the attention of the General Counsel and to the Head of Human Resources at the Company s principal executive office. 
 (e) Severability . The invalidity or unenforceability of any provision of this Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of any other provision of this Agreement, and each other provision of this Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 
 (f) No Rights to Employment or Service . Nothing contained in this Agreement shall be construed as giving the Participant any right to be retained, in any position, as a consultant or employee of the Company or any of its Affiliates or shall interfere with or restrict in any way the rights of the Company or any of its Affiliates, which are hereby expressly reserved, to remove, terminate or discharge the Participant at any time for any reason whatsoever. 
 (g) Fractional Shares . In lieu of issuing a fraction of a share of Common Stock resulting from an adjustment of the SARs pursuant to Section 11 of the Plan or otherwise, the Company shall be entitled to pay to the Participant an amount in cash equal to the Fair Market Value of such fractional share. 
 (h) Beneficiary . The Participant may file with the Committee a written designation of a beneficiary on such form as may be prescribed by the Committee and may, from time to time, amend or revoke such designation. 
 (i) Successors . The terms of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Company and its successors and assigns, and of the Participant and the beneficiaries, executors, administrators, heirs and successors of the Participant. 
 (j) Entire Agreement . This Agreement (including Exhibit A attached hereto) and the Plan contain the entire agreement and understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter contained herein and supersede all prior communications, representations and negotiations in respect thereto, other than any other non-competition, non-solicitation, non-disparagement or non-disclosure or other similar agreement to which the Participant may be a party, the covenants of which shall continue to apply to the Participant in addition to the covenants in Exhibit A attached hereto, in accordance with the terms of such agreement. No change, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement shall be valid unless the same be in writing and signed by the parties hereto, except for any changes permitted without consent under Section 11 or 12 of the Plan. 
 (k) Governing Law and Venue . This Agreement shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
 
 5 

(i) Dispute Resolution; Consent to Jurisdiction . All disputes between or among any Persons arising out of or in any way connected with the Plan, this Agreement or the SARs shall be solely and finally settled by the Committee, acting in good faith, the determination of which shall be final. Any matters not covered by the preceding sentence shall be solely and finally settled in accordance with the Plan, and the Participant and the Company consent to the personal jurisdiction of the United States federal and state courts sitting in Wilmington, Delaware, as the exclusive jurisdiction with respect to matters arising out of or related to the enforcement of the Committee s determinations and resolution of matters, if any, related to the Plan or this Agreement not required to be resolved by the Committee. Each such Person hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, action or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address of such Person, such service to become effective ten (10) days after such mailing. 
 (ii) Waiver of Jury Trial . Each party hereto hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). Each party hereto (A) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (B) acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this section. 
 (l) Headings . The headings of the Sections hereof are provided for convenience only and are not to serve as a basis for interpretation or construction, and shall not constitute a part, of this Agreement. 
 (m) Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts (including via facsimile and electronic image scan (pdf)), each of which shall be deemed to be an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument and shall become effective when one or more counterparts have been signed by each of the parties and delivered to the other parties. (n) Electronic Signature and Delivery . This Agreement may be accepted by return signature or by electronic confirmation. By accepting this Agreement, the Participant consents to the electronic delivery of prospectuses, annual reports and other information required to be delivered by U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission rules (which consent may be revoked in writing by the Participant at any time upon three business days notice to the Company, in which case subsequent prospectuses, annual reports and other information will be delivered in hard copy to the Participant). 
 (o) Electronic Participation in Plan . The Company may, in its sole discretion, decide to deliver any documents related to current or future participation in the Plan by electronic means. The Participant hereby consents to receive such documents by electronic delivery and agrees to participate in the Plan through an on-line or electronic system established and maintained by the Company or a third party designated by the Company. 
 [Remainder of page intentionally blank] 
 6 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement has been executed by the Company and the Participant as of the day first written above. LATHAM GROUP, INC. By: Name: Title: [PARTICIPANT] 
 
 7 

[Signature Page to [______________] Stock Appreciation Right Award Agreement] Exhibit A 1. During the Participant s employment with, or other engagement to provide services to, the Company or any of its Affiliates and for a period of twenty-four (24) months thereafter (the Restricted Period ), the Participant shall not, either directly or indirectly, for himself or herself or on behalf of or in conjunction with any other Person: 
 a. solicit or attempt to solicit, recruit or attempt to recruit, hire or attempt to hire or in any way persuade any officer, director, employee, agent, or contract worker of the Latham Companies to end such Person s relationship with any Latham Company; or 
 b. solicit or attempt to solicit any business related to the business of the Latham Companies from any Person who is or was a customer or vendor of any Latham Company or an actively sought prospective customer or prospective vendor with whom the Participant had material business contact (through sales calls, presentations, or other business dealings) at any time during the five (5) year period preceding the termination of Participant s employment. 
 2. During the Restricted Period, the Participant shall not, either directly or indirectly, individually or through any other person, firm, corporation or other entity, whether as owner, partner, investor, operator, manager, officer, director, consultant, agent, employee, co-venturer, advisor, representative or otherwise, engage, participate, assist or invest or actively prepare to engage, participate, assist or invest in the pool industry, or any other industries in which the Company or any of its Affiliates have done business during the Participant s employment with the Company or which the Company or any of its Affiliates were actively considering during such period. The restrictions set forth this Paragraph 2 shall apply to any conduct in North America and any other geographical area in which the Company or any of its Affiliates operate or provide services or are actively preparing to operate or provide services as of the date of Participant s employment with the Company or any of its Affiliates. 
 3. The Participant hereby agrees to hold in confidence all Confidential Information and Trade Secrets of the Latham Companies that came into the Participant s knowledge during the period of time during which the Participant was employed by, or otherwise providing services to, the Company or any of its Affiliates and will not disclose, publish or make use of such Confidential Information or Trade Secrets without the prior written consent of the Company for as long as the information remains Confidential Information or a Trade Secret. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the provisions of this paragraph will not prevent the Participant from making a disclosure that (a) is made in the ordinary course of the Participant s duties with the Company or any of its Affiliates; (b) is made (i) in confidence to a Federal, State or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney and (ii) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law; or (c) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Further, Confidential Information or Trade Secrets shall not include information (x) that otherwise becomes generally known in the industry or to the public through no act of the Participant or any Person or entity acting by or on the Participant s behalf or (y) information that the Participant can demonstrate to have had rightfully in the Participant s possession prior to the date on which the Participant first provided services to any Latham Company. 
 4. During the period of time during which the Participant is employed by, or otherwise providing services to, the Company or any of its Affiliates and thereafter, the Participant shall not, directly or indirectly, take any action, or encourage others to take any action, to disparage or criticize any Latham Company or their respective Affiliates, employees, officers, directors, products, services, customers or owners. 
 5. For purposes of this Exhibit A : 
 a. Confidential Information shall be defined as any data or information (other than Trade Secrets) that is valuable to the Latham Companies (or, if owned by someone else, is valuable to that third party) and not generally known to the public or to competitors in the industry, including, but not 

 8 

limited to, any non-public information (regardless of whether in writing or retained as personal knowledge) pertaining to research and development; product costs, designs and processes; equityholder information; pricing, cost, or profit factors; quality programs; annual budget and long-range business plans; marketing plans and methods; contracts and bids; business ideas and methods, store concepts, inventions, innovations, developments, graphic designs, website designs, patterns, specifications, procedures, databases and personnel. 
 b. The Latham Companies shall be defined as the Company and its direct and indirect subsidiaries and parent companies, and any Person in which the Company has a twenty percent or greater ownership interest, whether existing on the Date of Grant or thereafter acquired or formed. 
 c. Trade Secret means trade secret as defined by applicable state law. In the absence of such a definition, Trade Secret means information including, but not limited to, any technical or nontechnical data, formula, pattern, compilation, program, device, method, technique, drawing, process, financial data, financial plan, product plan, list of actual or potential customers or suppliers or other information similar to any of the foregoing, which (a) derives economic value, actual or potential, from not being generally known to, and not being readily ascertainable by proper means by, other persons who can derive economic value from its disclosure or use and (b) is the subject of efforts that are reasonable under the circumstances to maintain its secrecy 
 6. Prior to accepting any offer of employment during the Restricted Period, the Participant shall inform such employers of all covenants in this Exhibit A and, within two (2) business days of accepting an offer of employment with another employer, shall notify the Company of the name and address of the new employer and the title of the position accepted. 
 7. The covenants in this Exhibit A are severable and separate, and the unenforceability of any specific covenant shall not affect the provisions of any other covenant. If any provision of this Exhibit A relating to the time period, scope, or geographic area of the restrictive covenants shall be declared by a court of competent jurisdiction or arbitrator to exceed the maximum time period, scope, or geographic area, as applicable, that such court or arbitrator deems reasonable and enforceable, then this Agreement shall automatically be considered to have been amended and revised to reflect such determination. 
 8. All of the covenants in this Exhibit A shall be construed as an agreement independent of any other provisions in Exhibit A , and the existence of any claim or cause of action the Participant may have against any Latham Company, whether predicated on this Exhibit A or otherwise, shall not constitute a defense to the enforcement by any Latham Company of such covenants. 
 9. This Exhibit A shall be construed and interpreted in accordance with the laws of the State of Delaware, without regard to principles of conflicts of laws thereof, or principles of conflicts of laws of any other jurisdiction that could cause the application of the laws of any jurisdiction other than the State of Delaware. 
 a. All disputes between or among any Persons arising out of or in any way connected with this Exhibit A shall be solely and finally settled by the Committee, acting in good faith, the determination of which shall be final. Any matters not covered by the preceding sentence shall be solely and finally settled in accordance with the Plan, and the Participant and the Company consent to the personal jurisdiction of the United States federal and state courts sitting in Wilmington, Delaware, as the exclusive jurisdiction with respect to matters arising out of or related to the enforcement of the Committee s determinations and resolution of matters, if any, related to the Plan or this Exhibit A not required to be resolved by the Committee. Each such Person hereby irrevocably consents to the service of process of any of the aforementioned courts in any such suit, action or proceeding by the mailing of copies thereof by registered or certified mail, postage prepaid, to the last known address of such Person, such service to become effective ten (10) days after such mailing. 
 b. Each party hereto hereby waives, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, any right it may have to a trial by jury in any legal proceeding directly or indirectly arising out of or relating to this 

 A-9 

Exhibit A or the transactions contemplated (whether based on contract, tort or any other theory). Each party hereto (A) certifies that no representative, agent or attorney of any other party has represented, expressly or otherwise, that such other party would not, in the event of litigation, seek to enforce the foregoing waiver and (B) acknowledges that it and the other parties hereto have been induced to enter into this Agreement by, among other things, the mutual waivers and certifications in this section. 
 10. The Participant has carefully read and considered the provisions of this Exhibit A and, having done so, agrees that the restrictive covenants in this Exhibit A impose a fair and reasonable restraint on the Participant and are reasonably required to protect the interests of the Latham Companies and their respective officers, directors, employees, and equityholders. 
 
 A-10 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.16>
 4
 swim-20221231xex10d16.htm
 EX-10.16

Exhibit 10.16 

Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (Effective April 12, 2021) Each non-employee director of Latham Group, Inc. (the Company will be entitled to receive the following compensation (directors that are (i) employees of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or (ii) directors that are employed by or affiliated with our Sponsors (Pamplona Capital Management, LLC and Wynnchurch Capital, L.P.) shall not be entitled to the compensation listed below or any additional compensation in respect of their service as a member of the Company s board of directors (the Board )): 
 1. Annual Cash Retainer : 75,000; to be paid in quarterly installments. 2. Annual Equity Grant : 75,000. The number of shares granted will be equal to 75,000 divided by the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of grant. The Annual Equity Grant will be shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units and such shares will vest and the restrictions will lapse on the first anniversary of the date of grant, unless the director is removed for cause or resigns prior to such date. 3. Chairman of the Board : (COB): 
 a. Annual COB Cash Retainer 50,000; to be paid in quarterly instalments. b. Annual COB Equity Grant 50,000. The number of shares granted will be equal to 50,000 divided by the fair market value of the underlying stock on the date of grant. The Annual COB Equity Grant will be shares of restricted stock or restricted stock units and such shares will vest and the restrictions will lapse on the first anniversary of the date of grant, unless the COB is removed for cause or resigns prior to such date. 
 4. Audit Committee : Retainer for Chairperson of the Audit Committee: 20,000; paid in quarterly installments. 5. Compensation Committee : Retainer for the Chairperson of the Compensation Committee: 15,000; paid in quarterly installments. 6. Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee : Retainer for the Chairperson of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee: 10,000; paid in quarterly installments. 7. Payments : All payments which are made in installments are subject to the director s continued service on the Board on the date such installment is required to be paid. 8. Amendment; Modification; Termination Administration . This policy is to be administered by the Company s Compensation Committee or their designee, unless the Board determines to administer this policy itself (the Committee or Board, as applicable, in its role administering this policy, the Administrator ). The Administrator is permitted to amend or modify the policy in its discretion. 

</EX-10.16>

<EX-10.17>
 5
 swim-20221231xex10d17.htm
 EX-10.17

Exhibit 10.17 

CONFIDENTIAL Latham Pool Products, Inc. | 20[__] Management Incentive Bonus (MIB) Plan | Master The Management Incentive Bonus Plan (the Plan has been established to attract and retain employees and officers, ensure that the Company s compensation program provides appropriate incentives to motivate key employees and officers to contribute to the Company s performance and growth, develop a culture of ownership, and align further the interests of participants and stockholders. The Company shall mean Latham Pool Products, Inc. or Latham Group, Inc., as applicable. The MIB is based on [________] achievement for the calendar year. Plan participation and tier are based on position and subject to approval by the employee s Executive Leadership Team ELT member, the CHRO and CEO. Plan payouts are subject to approval by the Compensation Committee. [ insert leverage table for performance goals] 

Program Criteria and Plan Rules: 1. [__] payout opportunity for achieving [__] of [________] target. Plan is capped at [__] of target. 
 2. This Plan is in effect for calendar year 20[__]. [________] is based on the [full] year corporate results. 
 3. Overall job performance must be at satisfactory level or above and employment must be in good standing for payout consideration. 
 4. A discretionary amount may be provided for outstanding performance or special project(s) completion based on budget resources and approval by the employee s ELT member, the CHRO, CEO. In the case of officers, the Compensation Committee approves discretionary awards, if any. 
 5. Bonus payouts are in gross dollars, paid in local currency, and subject to incentive payment taxation through payroll according to the appropriate federal, state, local and provincial withholding taxes. 
 6. New employees in MIB-approved positions are generally eligible the first of the month following their date of hire. If hired after October 1, the eligibility date is January 1 of the following year. Employees who enter this Plan after January 1 will receive a payout percentage generally at a pro-rated amount for the percentage of time worked from the date of hire (or promotion) to the end of the Plan year. The employee s ELT member, the CHRO and the CEO must approve all new participants into this Plan. In the case of officers, the Compensation Committee approves Plan participation. 
 7. Must be an active employee when any eligible bonus payment is made, which is generally scheduled to occur within 30 days of the annual earnings release. Plan Participants who are dismissed for Cause, which term [________] - In no event will Plan Participants earn an incentive if terminated for Cause prior to the applicable annual reconciliation. 
 8. Subject to Section 6 hereof, employee must have continuous service for the 12-month Plan period to be fully eligible for Plan. If there is a break in service (termination and rehire in the same calendar year), the payout will reflect a pro-rated amount based on length of service in the calendar year. 
 9. Employees who go on an approved leave of absence before MIB payments are released are eligible for their full payout. 
 10. Employees who transfer to another position without an MIB component will cease participation in this Plan effective the day of the new position and will be due a payout (at the same time as all other payouts are issued) for the portion of the year they were an MIB participant. 
 11. Employees who change positions to another role that is in the MIB will be eligible for the new Plan tier level effective the date they assume the new position. 

12. Employees with a fully executed Employee Agreement on file are eligible for this Plan. Employees who do not have an executed agreement on file will forfeit (1) all future incentive payments, and (2) future base salary increases. 13. Plan Participants must, at all times, remain in compliance with Latham policies and procedures, including its Code of Conduct and Ethics. 14. The Company reserves the right to modify, suspend or cancel this Plan due to business conditions at any time it sees fit. 15. Failure by the Company to insist on strict compliance with the terms and conditions of this Plan shall not constitute or operate as a waiver of such terms and conditions. Waiver by either party of any breach or default by the other with respect to any of the terms and conditions of this Plan shall not operate as a waiver of any other breach or default. 16. If any portion of this Plan is held by a court of competent jurisdiction to be invalid or unenforceable or to conflict with any federal, state, or local law, such portion(s) are hereby declared to be of no force or effect in such jurisdiction, and the remaining portions of this Plan shall remain in full force and effect and be construed as if such portion does not exist. 17. The Company has complete discretion as to any decision or interpretation of the terms, eligibility, and calculation of payments within the parameters of this Plan. Any decision or interpretation by the Company shall be final and binding upon all Plan Participants. The Company reserves the right and has the sole discretion to alter, amend, suspend, or terminate any part of this Plan at any time, with or without cause, and with or without prior notice to Plan Participants. No prior or subsequent oral representations that are inconsistent with or different from the terms of this Plan will be binding upon the Company. 18. Plan Participant s employment with the Company is at will. This Plan is not a contract of employment for a definite term, and employment with the Company is for an indefinite period of time and is terminable at will, at any time, for any reason, with or without notice. 19. To the extent required by applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 304 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and Section 954 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act) and/or the rules and regulations of the NASDAQ or any other securities exchange or inter-dealer quotation service on which the common stock of Latham Group, Inc. is listed or quoted, or if so required pursuant to a written policy adopted by the Company, the Plan and the amounts payable hereunder shall be subject (including on a retroactive basis) to clawback, forfeiture or similar requirements (and such requirements shall be deemed incorporated by reference into all applicable agreements with respect to this Plan). 20. In the event of any conflict between the terms of this Plan and any employment, change-in-control, severance or other agreement in effect with the Participant, the terms of such other agreement shall control. 21. Notwithstanding anything in this Plan to the contrary, if it is determined that any payment hereunder constitutes nonqualified deferred compensation that would be paid upon separation from service of a specified employee (as such terms are defined in Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended), then such payment that otherwise would have been paid within six months after the Participant s separation from service shall be accrued, without interest, and its payment delayed until the first day of the seventh month following the Participant s separation from service, or if earlier, the Participant s death, at which point the accrued amount will be paid as a single, lump sum cash payment. It is intended that this Plan be exempt from or comply with Section 409A of the Code, and this Plan shall be interpreted and administered consistent with that intent; provided, however, that under no circumstances whatsoever shall the Company be liable for any additional tax, interest or penalty imposed upon a Participant, or any other damage suffered by a Participant, on account of the bonus plan being subject to but not in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-21.1>
 6
 swim-20221231xex21d1.htm
 EX-21.1

Exhibit 21.1 

Subsidiaries of the Registrant Entity Jurisdiction of Organization 1. Latham Intermediate Holdings, LLC Delaware 2. Latham US, LLC Delaware 3. Latham Purchaser Holdings, LLC Delaware 4. Latham Purchaser Parent, Inc. Delaware 5. Latham Purchaser, Inc. Delaware 6. LPP Holdings Inc. Delaware 7. Latham International Holdings, Inc. Delaware 8. Latham International Manufacturing Corp. Delaware 9. Latham Pool Products, Inc. Delaware 10. Pool Cover Specialists, LLC Utah 11. Pacific Pools Europe S. r.l. France 12. LPP US, LLC Delaware 13. Latham Pool Products ULC/Produits de Piscine Latham ULC Canada 14. Narellan Group Pty Ltd New South Wales 15. Narellan Pools Pty Ltd New South Wales 16. Narellan Franchise Pty Ltd New South Wales 17. Narellan Innovations Unit Trust New South Wales 18. Narellan Innovations Pty Ltd New South Wales 19. Narellan Pools (NZ) Pty Ltd New Zealand 20. Narellan Pools (Canada) Ltd Canada 21. GL International, LLC Delaware 22. Trojan Leisure Products, LLC New York 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 7
 swim-20221231xex23d1.htm
 EX-23.1

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-255439 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 7, 2023, relating to the financial statements of Latham Group, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. /s/ Deloitte Touche LLP Hartford, Connecticut March 7, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 8
 swim-20221231xex31d1.htm
 EX-31.1

Exhibit 31.1 
 LATHAM GROUP, INC. CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF EXECUTIVE OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Scott M. Rajeski, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Latham Group, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 7, 2023 /s/ Scott M. Rajeski Scott M. Rajeski Chief Executive Officer and President Latham Group, Inc. 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 9
 swim-20221231xex31d2.htm
 EX-31.2

Exhibit 31.2 
 LATHAM GROUP, INC. CERTIFICATION OF CHIEF FINANCIAL OFFICER PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 I, Robert L. Masson II, certify that: 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Latham Group, Inc.; 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

March 7, 2023 /s/ Robert L. Masson II Robert L. Masson II Chief Financial Officer Latham Group, Inc. 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 10
 swim-20221231xex32d1.htm
 EX-32.1

Exhibit 32.1 
 LATHAM GROUP, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Latham Group, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Scott M. Rajeski, Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 7, 2023 /s/ Scott M. Rajeski Scott M. Rajeski Chief Executive Officer and President Latham Group, Inc. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code and, accordingly, is not being filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing). 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 11
 swim-20221231xex32d2.htm
 EX-32.2

Exhibit 32.2 
 LATHAM GROUP, INC. CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022 of Latham Group, Inc. (the Company as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Robert L. Masson II, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that: The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

March 7, 2023 /s/ Robert L. Masson II Robert L. Masson II Chief Financial Officer Latham Group, Inc. 
 The foregoing certification is being furnished as an exhibit to the Report pursuant to Item 601(b)(32) of Regulation S-K and Section 1350 of Title 18 of the United States Code and, accordingly, is not being filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission as part of the Report and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the Company under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Report, irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing). 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 16
 swim-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 18
 swim-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 19
 swim-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 20
 swim-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

