<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230329_10-K_edgar_data_1012477_0001012477-23-000009.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>10311954</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>711715</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2246714</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3180949</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2160739</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1827544</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001012477-23-000009.hdr.sgml : 20230329
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230329160815
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001012477-23-000009
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		107
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230329
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230329

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001012477
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-37977
		FILM NUMBER:		23775280

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		BLOCK 10-1 BLANCHARDSTOWN CORPORATE PARK
		STREET 2:		BALLYCOOLIN
		CITY:			DUBLIN
		STATE:			L2
		ZIP:			15
		BUSINESS PHONE:		636-449-1830

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16640 CHESTERFIELD GROVE ROAD
		STREET 2:		SUITE 200
		CITY:			CHESTERFIELD
		STATE:			MO
		ZIP:			63005

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	FLAMEL TECHNOLOGIES SA
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19960422

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001012477-23-000009.txt : 20230329

10-K
 1
 avdl-20221231.htm
 10-K

avdl-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 
 OR 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period ____________ to ____________ 
 
 Commission file number: 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 
 , 
 
 Not Applicable (Address of principal executive offices) (Zip Code) Registrant s telephone number, including area code: + - - 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol (s) Name of exchange on which registered 
 American Depositary Shares may be evidenced by American Depository Receipts. Each American Depositary Share represents one (1) Ordinary Share. 
 Not for trading, but only in connection with the listing of American Depositary Shares. on The Nasdaq Global Market. 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically, every Interactive Data File required to be submitted and pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer , smaller reporting company , and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer 
 Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). Yes No 

The aggregate market value of voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant as of the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter was based on the closing sale price of the registrant s American Depositary Shares as reported by the Nasdaq Global Market on June 30, 2022. Such market value excludes 768,155 ordinary shares, 0.01 per share nominal value, which may be represented by the registrant s American Depositary Shares, held by each officer and director and by shareholders that the registrant concluded were affiliates of the registrant on that date. Exclusion of such shares should not be construed to indicate that any such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. 
 
 The number of the registrant s ordinary shares, 0.01 per share nominal value, outstanding as of March 23, 2023 was . 
 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 
 Page # Summary Of The Material Risks Associated With Our Business 
 4 
 Cautionary Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 6 
 PART I 
 Item 1. Business 
 8 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 25 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 64 
 Item 2. Properties 
 64 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 65 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 65 
 PART II 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 66 
 Item 6. Reserved 
 68 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 69 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risks 
 81 
 Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 83 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 115 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 115 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 116 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 116 
 PART III 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 117 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 117 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 117 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 117 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 117 
 PART IV 
 Item 15. Exhibits 
 118 
 SIGNATURES 
 122 

-3- 

SUMMARY OF THE MATERIAL RISKS ASSOCIATED WITH OUR BUSINESS 
 
 Our business is subject to numerous material and other risks and uncertainties, including those described in Part I, Item 1A Risk Factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The principal risks and uncertainties affecting our business include the following: 
 
 Our business is significantly dependent on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of LUMRYZ TM , also known as FT218, our lead product candidate. 
 Our lead product candidate and future product candidates may not reach the commercial market for a number of reasons. 
 If we are not able to use the 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway for the regulatory approval of LUMRYZ or if the United States U.S. Food and Drug Administration FDA requires additional clinical or nonclinical data to support a New Drug Application NDA under Section 505(b)(2) than we previously anticipated, it will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and be significantly more complicated to gain FDA approval for LUMRYZ, and in any case may not be successful. 
 We cannot be certain that our lead product candidate, LUMRYZ, or future product candidates will receive marketing approval. Without marketing approval, we will not be able to commercialize our lead product candidate or future product candidates. For instance, marketing approval for LUMRYZ could be delayed due to unexpired orphan drug exclusivity for an approved product in the event the FDA determines LUMRYZ to be the same drug as such approved product, unless we are able to demonstrate LUMRYZ is clinically superior to or not the same drug as such approved product. Moreover, even if we are granted final approval by the FDA, there can be no assurance that third parties will not attempt to delay or prevent commercial launch of LUMRYZ through litigation. 
 LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, may not obtain desired regulatory exclusivities, including orphan drug exclusivity. 
 We incurred a net loss in 2022 and we will likely incur a net loss in 2023; if we are not able to achieve profitability in the future, the value of our shares may fall. 
 We will require additional financing, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all, and which may result in dilution of the equity interest of the holders of American Depositary Shares ADSs ). 
 Servicing our Exchangeable Senior Notes due April 2027 (the April 2027 Notes and our Exchangeable Senior Notes due October 2023 (the October 2023 Notes , together with the April 2027 Notes, the Notes may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash or the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle exchanges of the Notes in cash, repay the Notes at maturity, or repurchase the Notes as required following a fundamental change. 
 The distribution and sale of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, will be subject to significant regulatory restrictions, including the requirements of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy REMS and safety reporting requirements, and these regulatory requirements will subject us to risks and uncertainties, any of which could negatively impact sales of LUMRYZ. 
 Disruptions at the FDA, the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 We rely, and intend to continue to rely, on single source providers for the development, manufacture and supply of LUMRYZ, and if we experience problems with those suppliers, or they fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or to supply sufficient quantities at acceptable quality levels or prices, or at all, our business would materially and adversely affected. 
 If we cannot adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, we may be unable to effectively compete. 
 If we are unable to establish effective sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, or enter into agreements with third parties to market, sell and distribute LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects will be materially adversely affected. 
 COVID-19 may materially and adversely affect our business and our financial results. 
 -4- 

We may become involved in lawsuits to protect our products and/or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 The price of ADSs representing our ordinary shares has been volatile and may continue to be volatile. 
 -5- 

Cautionary Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Any statements about our expectations, beliefs, plans, objectives, assumptions or future events or performance are not historical facts and may be forward-looking. These statements are often, but are not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, will, could, should, expects, intends, plans, anticipates, believes, estimates, predicts, projects, potential, continue, and similar expressions, or the negative of these terms, or similar expressions. Accordingly, these statements involve estimates, assumptions, risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in them. Any forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by reference to the factors discussed throughout this prospectus, and in particular those factors referenced in the section Risk Factors in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements that are based on our management s belief and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. These statements relate to future events or our future financial performance, and involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that may cause our actual results, levels of activity, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. Forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements about: 
 
 Our reliance on a single lead product candidate, LUMRYZ, also known as FT218; 
 Our ability to obtain final approval from the FDA to commercialize LUMRYZ, including any delays in a final approval to launch; 
 The ability of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, to be successfully commercialized and gain market acceptance; 
 Our ability to enter into strategic partnerships for the commercialization, manufacturing and distribution of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA; 
 Our dependence on a limited number of suppliers for the manufacturing of LUMRYZ and certain raw materials used in LUMRYZ and any failure of such suppliers to deliver sufficient quantities of these raw materials, which could have a material adverse effect on our business; 
 Our ability to finance our operations on acceptable terms, either through the raising of capital, the incurrence of convertible or other indebtedness, issuance of equity, royalty-based financings, or through strategic financing or commercialization partnerships; 
 Our expectations about the potential market size and market participation for LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA; 
 Our expectations regarding litigation related to LUMRYZ; 
 Our expectations regarding the timing and results of our cost structure optimization efforts, including the estimated charges and costs expected to be incurred and projected cost savings in connection with such cost structure optimization efforts; 
 Our expectations regarding our cash runway lasting to a potential final FDA approval of our NDA for LUMRYZ; 
 Our ability to continue to service our Notes, including making the ongoing interest payments on the Notes, settling exchanges of the Notes in cash or completing any required repurchases of the Notes; 
 The potential impacts of COVID-19, inflation and rising interest rates on our business and future operating results; 
 Our ability to hire and retain key members of our leadership team and other personnel; and 
 Competition existing today or that may arise in the future. 
 These forward-looking statements are neither promises nor guarantees of future performance due to a variety of risks and uncertainties and other factors more fully discussed in the Risk Factors section in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K and the risk factors and cautionary statements described in other documents that we file from time to time with the SEC. Given these uncertainties, readers should not place undue reliance on our forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which the statements were made and are not guarantees of future performance. Except as may be required by applicable law, we do not undertake to update any forward-looking statements after the date of this Annual Report or the respective dates of documents incorporated by reference herein or therein that include forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 

NOTE REGARDING TRADEMARKS 
 
 We own various trademark registrations and applications, and unregistered trademarks, including AVADEL TM , LUMRYZ TM , MICROPUMP TM , LIQUITIME TM , and MEDUSA TM . All other trade names, trademarks and service marks of other companies appearing in this Annual Report are the property of their respective holders. Solely for convenience, the trademarks and trade 
 -6- 

names in this Annual Report may be referred to without the and symbols, but such references should not be construed as any indicator that their respective owners will not assert, to the fullest extent under applicable law, their rights thereto. We do not intend to use or display other companies trademarks and trade names to imply a relationship with, or endorsement or sponsorship of us by, any other companies. 
 
 From time to time, we may use our website, LinkedIn or our Twitter account (@AvadelPharma) to distribute material information. Our financial and other material information is routinely posted to and accessible on the Investors section of our website, available at www.avadel.com. Investors are encouraged to review the Investors section of our website because we may post material information on that site that is not otherwise disseminated by us. Information that is contained in and can be accessed through our website, our LinkedIn posts or our Twitter posts are not incorporated into, and does not form a part of, this Annual Report. 

-7- 

PART I 
 
 Item 1. Business. 
 (Dollar amounts in thousands, except per-share amounts and as otherwise noted) 
 General Overview 
 
 Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (Nasdaq: AVDL) Avadel, the Company, we, our, or us is a biopharmaceutical company. Our lead product candidate, LUMRYZ, also known as FT218, is an investigational once-at-bedtime, extended-release formulation of sodium oxybate for the treatment of cataplexy or excessive daytime sleepiness EDS in adults with narcolepsy. We are primarily focused on obtaining final U.S. FDA approval of LUMRYZ and the launch of LUMRYZ, if approved. 
 
 Outside of our lead product candidate, we continue to evaluate opportunities to expand our product portfolio. As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any commercialized products in our portfolio. 
 
 LUMRYZ 
 
 LUMRYZ is an investigational once-at-bedtime formulation of sodium oxybate that uses our proprietary drug-delivery technology for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy. Sodium oxybate is the sodium salt of gamma hydroxybutyrate, an endogenous compound and metabolite of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid. Immediate release sodium oxybate is approved in the U.S. for the treatment of cataplexy in narcolepsy as well as EDS in narcolepsy and is approved in Europe for the treatment of cataplexy in narcolepsy. Since 2002, sodium oxybate has only been available as an immediate-release formulation that must be taken twice nightly, first at bedtime, and then again 2.5 to 4 hours later. 
 
 On July 18, 2022, the FDA granted tentative approval to LUMRYZ for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy. Tentative approval indicates that LUMRYZ has met all required quality, safety, and efficacy standards necessary for approval in the U.S. as of the date that the tentative approval was granted, but that the drug cannot receive final FDA approval until expiry or other disposition of a third-party exclusivity period. That tentative approval was granted based on the FDA s determination that the LUMRYZ label implicated the use code listed in FDA s Orange Book for U.S. Patent No. 8731963 (the REMS Patent ). The owner of the REMS Patent subsequently requested delisting of that patent from the Orange Book on February 28, 2023, and we subsequently submitted an amendment to the FDA on March 1, 2023, requesting final FDA approval of the LUMRYZ NDA. The Company is currently awaiting a final approval decision from the FDA. Based on typical target turnarounds for the FDA and information provided in the tentative approval letter with respect to minor amendments, the Company anticipates timing for a final approval decision to be around early May of 2023. There can be no guarantee that the FDA will act within the anticipated timing. 
 
 The FDA s tentative approval can be subject to change based on new information that may come to the FDA s attention between such time as the tentative approval and potential final approval. We cannot legally market LUMRYZ in the U.S. until final approval is granted by the FDA. In addition, if the FDA concludes that LUMRYZ is the same drug product as a previously approved product having unexpired orphan drug exclusivity (e.g., Xywav), we would need to demonstrate that LUMRYZ is clinically superior to that previously approved product before the FDA grants final approval to our NDA. If the FDA determines the previously approved product is not the same drug product for purposes of orphan drug exclusivity, then any unexpired orphan drug exclusivity would not be relevant to a final approval decision for LUMRYZ. In an effort to expedite the time between a potential final approval of LUMRYZ and product availability, we are advancing our preparations for the commercial launch of LUMRYZ, which we expect to occur late in the second quarter or sometime in the third quarter of 2023, subject to receiving final approval by the FDA. For example, on March 15, 2023, we were notified by the FDA that we are permitted to conduct certain pre-launch activities including the importation of foreign manufactured product under the Pre-launch Activities Importation Request PLAIR Program. 
 
 With respect to clinical data generated for LUMRYZ, we conducted a Phase 3 clinical trial of LUMRYZ (the REST-ON trial ), which was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study that enrolled 212 patients who received at least one dose of LUMRYZ or placebo, and was conducted in clinical sites in the U.S., Canada, Western Europe and Australia. The last patient s last visit was completed at the end of the first quarter of 2020, and positive top line data from the REST-ON trial was announced on April 27, 2020. Patients who received 9 g of once-at-bedtime LUMRYZ, the highest dose administered in the trial, demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement compared to placebo across the three co-primary endpoints of the trial: maintenance of wakefulness test MWT ), clinical global impression-improvement CGI-I ), and mean weekly cataplexy attacks. The lower doses assessed, 6 g and 7.5 g, also demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement on all three co-primary endpoints compared to placebo. We observed the 9 g dose of once-at-bedtime LUMRYZ to be generally well-tolerated. Adverse reactions commonly associated with sodium oxybate were 
 -8- 

observed in a small number of patients (nausea 1.3 , vomiting 5.2 , decreased appetite 2.6 , dizziness 5.2 , somnolence 3.9 , tremor 1.3 and enuresis 9 ), and 3.9 of the patients who received 9 g of LUMRYZ discontinued the trial due to adverse reactions. 
 
 In January 2018, the FDA granted LUMRYZ orphan drug designation for the treatment of narcolepsy, which makes LUMRYZ potentially eligible for certain development and commercial incentives, including potential U.S. market exclusivity for up to seven years. Additionally, thirteen LUMRYZ-related U.S. patents have been issued, and there are additional patent applications currently in development and/or pending at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ), as well as foreign patent offices. 
 
 In July 2020, we announced that the first patient was dosed in our open-label extension OLE )/switch study of LUMRYZ as a potential treatment for cataplexy or EDS in patients with narcolepsy RESTORE ). The RESTORE study is examining the long-term safety and maintenance of efficacy of LUMRYZ in patients with narcolepsy who participated in the REST-ON study, as well as dosing and preference data for patients switching from twice-nightly sodium oxybate to once-at-bedtime LUMRYZ, regardless of whether they participated in REST-ON. In May 2021, inclusion criteria were expanded to allow for oxybate na ve patients to enter the study. 
 
 New secondary endpoints from the REST-ON trial were presented at the American Academy of Neurology, beginning April 17, 2021. The first poster described LUMRYZ improvements in disturbed nocturnal sleep DNS ), defined in REST-ON as the number of shifts from stages N1, N2, N3, and rapid eye movement REM sleep to wake and from stages N2, N3, and REM sleep to stage N1. LUMRYZ also decreased the number of nocturnal arousals as measured on polysomnography. Improvements in DNS were further supported by post-hoc analyses demonstrating increased time in deep sleep (N3, also known as slow wave sleep), and less time in N1. A second poster described the statistically significant improvements in the Epworth Sleepiness Scale ESS ), both the quality of sleep and the refreshing nature of sleep, and a decrease in sleep paralysis. These clinically relevant improvements were observed for all doses, beginning at week 3, for the lowest 6 g dose, compared to placebo. LUMRYZ did not demonstrate significant improvement for hypnagogic hallucinations compared to placebo. 
 
 Additional data supportive of the efficacy findings in REST-ON were presented at the 35th Annual Meeting of the Associated Professional Sleep Societies, a joint meeting of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine and the Sleep Research Society, also known as SLEEP 2021, beginning June 10, 2021. New data included post-hoc analyses demonstrating endpoints improvements, regardless of concomitant stimulant use, in both narcolepsy Type 1 NT1 or Type 2 NT2 ). Additionally, a post-hoc analysis showed that LUMRYZ was associated with decreased body mass index compared to placebo, which may be relevant as people with narcolepsy often have co-morbid obesity. In August 2021, the primary results from the REST-ON trial were published by Kushida et al. in the journal SLEEP. 
 
 New data was presented at the American College of Chest Physicians annual meeting CHEST ), beginning October 17, 2021, including additional post-hoc analyses from the REST-ON trial, demonstrating a greater proportion of patients receiving LUMRYZ experienced reductions in weekly cataplexy attacks and improvement in mean sleep latency compared to placebo, as well as the results of a discrete choice experiment, indicating that the overall driver of patient preference between sodium oxybate treatments is a once-at-bedtime, versus twice-nightly, formulation. 
 
 New data was presented at World Sleep 2022 Congress in March 2022, in Rome, Italy. A total of eight posters were presented, including five new post-hoc analyses from the REST-ON trial. Most notably, the post-hoc analyses showed that LUMRYZ demonstrated improvement in subjective measures of daytime sleepiness, sleep quality and refreshing nature of sleep as early as week 1 with the 4.5 g starting dose, with even greater improvement at week 2 soon after starting the 6 g dose compared to placebo. Additional post-hoc analyses, stratified by narcolepsy type, as well as concomitant stimulant use, or without stimulants, demonstrated positive results that are generally consistent with previously reported positive endpoints from REST-ON and add to the existing body of evidence for LUMRYZ. 
 
 In addition, the results of a discrete choice experiment DCE were presented, which showed that once-at-bedtime dosing, when compared to twice-nightly dosing, was the most important attribute driving both patient and clinician preference for overall oxybate product choice, as well as patient quality of life and reduction of patient anxiety/stress; dosing frequency (twice-nightly versus once-at-bedtime) was also viewed as a more important attribute as compared to other attributes assessed, including sodium content. Accompanying the DCE was a background survey for both patients and clinicians, which showed that dosing frequency was noted as a significant stressor by both patients and clinicians. The World Sleep 2022 presentations also included the first presentation of an interim safety analysis from the ongoing RESTORE study, which showed that LUMRYZ has generally been well-tolerated, with some patients receiving therapy for more than 18 months. 
 
 Additional peer-reviewed publications have included data on improvement on DNS, the first DCE and a Plain Language Summary reviewing sodium oxybate and cardiovascular health, which did not identify a signal of cardiovascular disease in the 
 -9- 

twenty years that sodium oxybate has been available. At the annual SLEEP Congress in June 2022, nine posters were presented, including five post-hoc analyses from REST-ON which support the following: 
 
 A low number-needed-to-treat to achieve effectiveness across all three evaluated doses, as well as effect sizes, showing a moderate-to-high effect for improving MWT, ESS, and number of cataplexy attacks; 
 
 Confirmation via various statistical methods to handle missing data that LUMRYZ improved cataplexy and EDS symptoms versus placebo; 
 
 Confirmation of benefit for NT1 and NT2 for DNS and ESS; 
 
 Confirmation of benefit for subgroups taking stimulants and those without stimulants for DNS and ESS; and 
 
 Early efficacy (Week 1 and Week 2) for ESS, refreshing nature of sleep and quality of sleep. 
 
 In addition, interim data from RESTORE were presented demonstrating that a high proportion of patients switching from twice-nightly sodium oxybate formulations had difficulty in taking the second dose, with a high proportion (92.5 stating a preference for the once-at-bedtime dosing regimen and that most participants (62 switching from twice-nightly sodium oxybate formulations had a stable dose equal to their starting dose; participants not currently taking sodium oxybate formulations or oxybate naive reached a stable dose with 2 4 dose titrations within four weeks. 
 
 Additional peer-review publications have included a relative bioavailability pharmacokinetics PK study and a Plain Language Summary of the primary REST-ON trial results. 
 
 We believe LUMRYZ has the potential to demonstrate improved dosing compliance, safety and patient satisfaction over the current standards of care for cataplexy or EDS in patients with narcolepsy. 
 
 Our Drug Delivery Technologies 
 
 We own drug delivery technologies that address formulation challenges, potentially allowing the development of differentiated drug products for administration in various forms (e.g. , capsules, tablets, sachets or liquid suspensions for oral use; or injectables for subcutaneous administration) that could be applied to a broad range of drugs (novel, already-marketed, or off-patent). 
 
 A brief discussion of each of our drug delivery technologies is set forth below. 
 
 MICROPUMP . Our MICROPUMP technology allows for the development of modified release solid, oral dosage formulations of drugs. MICROPUMP-carvedilol and MICROPUMP-aspirin formulations have been approved in the U.S. Further, a version of our MICROPUMP technology is being employed in our investigational LUMRYZ product. 
 
 LIQUITIME . Our LIQUITIME technology allows for development of modified release oral products in a liquid suspension formulation, which may make such formulations particularly well suited for children and/or patients having issues swallowing tablets or capsules. Although we own this technology, we are currently not pursuing any commercial pharmaceutical drug development opportunities using it. 
 
 MEDUSA. Our MEDUSA technology allows for the development of modified-release injectable dosage formulations of drugs (e.g., peptides, polypeptides, proteins, and small molecules). Although we own this technology, we are currently not pursuing any commercial pharmaceutical drug development opportunities using it. 
 
 Competition 
 
 Competition in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry is intense and is expected to increase. We compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. Some of these competitors may also be our business partners. There can be no assurance that our competitors will not obtain patent protection or other intellectual property rights that would make it difficult or impossible for us to compete with their products. Furthermore, major technological changes can happen quickly in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Such rapid technological change, or the development by our competitors of technologically improved or differentiated products, could render our products, product candidates, or drug delivery platforms, obsolete or noncompetitive. 
 
 -10- 

The pharmaceutical industry has dramatically changed in recent years, largely as a function of the growing importance of generic drugs. The growth of generics (typically small molecules) and of large molecules (biosimilars) has been accelerated by the demand for less expensive pharmaceutical products. As a result, the pricing power of pharmaceutical companies will be more tightly controlled in the future. 
 
 In addition, consolidation has reduced our pool of potential partners and acquisition opportunities within the biopharmaceutical space. 
 
 Potential competition for LUMRYZ 
 
 If LUMRYZ is granted final FDA approval, it will compete with the currently approved twice-nightly oxybate formulations, as well as a number of daytime wake promoting agents including lisdexamfetamine, detroamphetamine, methylphenidate, amphetamine, modafinil, and armodafinil, which are widely prescribed, as well as solriamfetol and pitolisant. If granted final approval, we anticipate LUMRYZ may face competition from manufacturers of generic twice-nightly sodium oxybate formulations, who have reached settlement agreements with the current marketer, which allows for entry of an authorized generic in 2023. On January 3, 2023, Hikma Pharmaceuticals plc, announced that it launched an authorized generic version of Jazz Pharmaceuticals plc s Jazz Xyrem (sodium oxybate). Hikma will have 180 days of marketing exclusivity for its authorized generic product in the U.S. and will distribute through the same specialty pharmacy that Jazz uses to dispense Xyrem. 
 
 In addition, there are other products in development that may be approved in the future that could have an impact on the narcolepsy treatment market, including, for example, reboxetine, orexin 2 receptor agonists, flecainide / modafinil combination, histamine H3 antagonists/inverse agonists, or GABAB agonists. 
 
 Corporate Information 
 
 The Company was incorporated on December 1, 2015 as an Irish private limited company, and re-registered as an Irish public limited company, or plc, on November 21, 2016. We are an Irish public limited company. Our registered address is at 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, Ireland and our phone number is +353-1-901-5201. We file annual, quarterly and current reports, proxy statements and other documents with the SEC under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Our website is www.avadel.com, where we make available free of charge our reports (and any exhibits and amendments thereto) on Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K as soon as reasonably practicable after they are electronically filed with or furnished to the SEC. These filings are also available to the public at www.sec.gov. We do not incorporate the information on or accessible through our website into this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 We currently have five direct wholly-owned subsidiaries: (a) Avadel US Holdings, Inc., (b) Flamel Ireland Limited, which conducts business under the name Avadel Ireland, (c) Avadel Investment Company Limited, (d) Avadel Finance Ireland Designated Activity Company and (e) Avadel France Holding SAS. Avadel US Holdings, Inc., a Delaware corporation, is the holding entity of (i) Avadel Legacy Pharmaceuticals, LLC, (ii) Avadel Management Corporation, and (iii) Avadel CNS Pharmaceuticals, LLC. Avadel Finance Ireland Designated Activity Company is the holding entity of Avadel Finance Cayman Limited. Avadel France Holding SAS is the holding entity of Avadel Research SAS. A complete list of our subsidiaries can be found in Exhibit 21.1 to this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Intellectual Property 
 
 Parts of our product pipeline and strategic alliances utilize our drug delivery platforms and related products of which certain features are the subject of patents or patent applications. As a matter of policy, we seek patent protection of our inventions and also rely upon trade secrets, know-how, continuing technological innovations and licensing opportunities to maintain and develop competitive positions. 
 
 LUMRYZ Patents. We have been awarded thirteen LUMRYZ-related U.S. patents having expiry dates from mid-2037 to early-2042. We have a number of additional LUMRYZ-related patent applications pending at the USPTO as well as at non-U.S. patent offices. 
 
 The patent positions of biopharmaceutical companies like us are generally uncertain and involve complex legal, scientific and factual questions. In addition, the coverage claimed in a patent application can be significantly reduced before the patent is issued, and patent scope can be reinterpreted by the courts after issuance. Moreover, many jurisdictions permit third parties to challenge issued patents in administrative proceedings, which may result in further narrowing or even cancellation of patent claims. We cannot predict whether the patent applications we are currently pursuing will issue as patents in any particular jurisdiction or whether the claims of any of our licensed or owned patents will provide sufficient protection from competitors. 
 -11- 

Any of our licensed or owned patents may be challenged, circumvented, or invalidated by third parties. For more information, please see the information set forth under the caption Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property If we cannot adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, we may be unable to effectively compete in the Risk Factors included in Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Supplies and Manufacturing 
 
 We attempt to maintain multiple suppliers in order to mitigate the risk of shortfall and inability to supply market demand. Nevertheless, for LUMRYZ, we currently rely on one supplier for sourcing active pharmaceutical ingredients API ). 
 
 The API in LUMRYZ, sodium oxybate, is a Schedule I controlled substance in the U.S., and LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, is anticipated to be a Schedule III controlled substance in the U.S. per current federal regulations. As a result, LUMRYZ is subject to regulation by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration DEA under the Controlled Substances Act CSA ), and its manufacturing and distribution are highly restricted. Quotas from the DEA are required in order to manufacture and primary package sodium oxybate and LUMRYZ in the U.S. Similar rules, restrictions and controls apply to LUMRYZ in relevant jurisdictions outside of the U.S. 
 
 The API for LUMRYZ is currently manufactured by a single source contract manufacturing organization CMO in the U.S. The drug product for commercial lots is manufactured outside of the U.S. by a single source CMO. We will continue to outsource the production of LUMRYZ to current good manufacturing practices cGMP -compliant, DEA and FDA-audited CMOs pursuant to supply agreements and have no present plans to acquire manufacturing facilities. We are establishing, and may continue to establish, additional CMOs for the manufacture LUMRYZ, including drug product manufacturing in the U.S. 
 
 Government Regulation 
 Government authorities in the U.S. at the federal, state, and local level and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research and clinical development, testing, manufacture, quality control, approval, labeling, packaging, storage, record-keeping, promotion, advertising, distribution, post-approval monitoring and reporting, marketing, pricing, and export and import of drug products, such as those we are developing. Generally, before a new drug can be marketed, considerable data demonstrating its quality, safety, and efficacy must be obtained, organized into a format specific to each regulatory authority, submitted for review, and approved by the regulatory authority. 
 
 Drugs are also subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local, and foreign statutes and regulations require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable regulatory requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process, or after approval, may subject an applicant to administrative or judicial sanctions. These sanctions could include, among other actions, the regulatory authority's refusal to approve pending applications, withdrawal of an approval, clinical holds, untitled or warning letters, voluntary product recalls or withdrawals from the market, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, debarment, fines, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement, or civil or criminal penalties. Any agency or judicial enforcement action could have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 U.S. Drug Development 
 
 In the U.S., the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act FDCA and its implementing regulations. Drugs are also subject to other federal, state, and local statutes and regulations. Our drug candidates must be approved by the FDA through the NDA process before they may be legally marketed in the U.S. The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the U.S. generally involves the following: 
 
 completion of extensive preclinical, sometimes referred to as nonclinical, laboratory tests, animal studies, and formulation studies all performed in accordance with applicable regulations, including the FDA's good laboratory practice GLP regulations; 
 
 submission to the FDA of an Investigational New Drug Application IND ), which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin and must be updated annually; 
 
 performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with applicable IND and other clinical trial-related regulations, sometimes referred to as good clinical practices GCPs to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for its proposed indication; 
 -12- 

submission to the FDA of an NDA for a new drug; 
 
 a determination by the FDA within 60 days of its receipt of an NDA to file the NDA for review; 
 
 satisfactory completion of an FDA pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the API and finished drug product are produced to assess compliance with the FDA's cGMP requirements; 
 
 potential FDA audit of the clinical trial sites that generated the data in support of the NDA; 
 
 payment of user fees for FDA review of the NDA; and 
 
 FDA review and approval of the NDA prior to any commercial marketing or sale of the drug in the U.S. 
 
 The data required to support an NDA are generated in two distinct development stages: preclinical and clinical. The preclinical development stage generally involves synthesizing the active component, developing the formulation, and determining the manufacturing process, as well as carrying out non-human toxicology, pharmacology, and drug metabolism studies in the laboratory, which support subsequent clinical testing. The conduct of the preclinical tests must comply with federal regulations, including GLPs. The sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data, any available clinical data or literature, and a proposed clinical protocol, to the FDA as part of the IND. An IND is a request for authorization from the FDA to administer an investigational drug product to humans. The central focus of an IND submission is on patient safety and the general investigational plan and the protocol(s) for human trials. The IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless the FDA raises concerns or questions regarding the proposed clinical trials and places the IND on clinical hold within that 30-day time period. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns or questions before the clinical trial can begin. The FDA also may impose a partial clinical hold that would limit a trial, for example, to certain doses or for a certain length of time or to a certain number of subjects. The FDA may also impose clinical holds on a drug candidate at any time before or during clinical trials due to safety concerns or non-compliance. Accordingly, we cannot be sure that submission of an IND will result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to begin, or that, once begun, issues will not arise that could cause the trial to be suspended or terminated. 
 
 The clinical stage of development involves the administration of the drug candidate to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators, generally physicians not employed by or under the trial sponsor's control, in accordance with GCPs, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the clinical trial, dosing procedures, subject selection, and exclusion criteria, and the parameters to be used to monitor subject safety and assess efficacy. Each protocol, and any subsequent amendments to the protocol, must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. Further, each clinical trial must be reviewed and approved by an independent institutional review board IRB at or servicing each institution at which the clinical trial will be conducted. An IRB is charged with protecting the welfare and rights of trial participants and considers such items as whether the risks to individuals participating in the clinical trials are minimized and are reasonable in relation to anticipated benefits. The IRB also approves the informed consent form that must be provided to each clinical trial subject or his or her legal representative and must monitor the clinical trial until completed. There are also requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. 
 
 Clinical trials are generally conducted in three sequential phases that may overlap or be combined, known as Phase 1, Phase 2, and Phase 3 trials. Phase 1 trials generally involve a small number of healthy volunteers who are initially exposed to a single dose and then multiple doses of the drug candidate. The primary purpose of these clinical trials is to assess the metabolism, pharmacologic action, side effects, tolerability, and safety of the drug. Phase 2 clinical trials typically involve studies in disease-affected patients to determine the dose required to produce the desired benefits. At the same time, safety and further PK and pharmacodynamics PD information is collected, as well as identification of possible adverse effects and safety risks and preliminary evaluation of efficacy. Phase 3 trials generally involve large numbers of patients at multiple sites (from several hundred to several thousand subjects) and are designed to provide the data necessary to demonstrate the efficacy of the drug for its intended use, its safety in use, and to establish the overall benefit/risk relationship of the drug and provide an adequate basis for physician labeling. The duration of treatment is often extended to mimic the actual use of a drug during marketing. Generally, two adequate and well-controlled Phase 3 trials are required by the FDA for approval of an NDA. Post-approval trials, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 clinical trials, may be conducted after initial marketing approval. These trials are used to gain additional experience from the treatment of patients in the intended therapeutic indication. In certain instances, the FDA may mandate the performance of Phase 4 clinical trials. 
 
 -13- 

Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and written IND safety reports must be submitted to the FDA and the investigators for serious and unexpected adverse reactions, any finding from other clinical studies, tests in laboratory animals, or in vitro testing that suggests a significant risk for human subjects, or any clinically important increase in the rate of a serious suspected adverse reaction over that listed in the protocol or investigator brochure. The sponsor must submit an IND safety report within 15 calendar days after the sponsor determines that the information qualifies for reporting. The sponsor also must notify the FDA of any unexpected fatal or life-threatening suspected adverse reaction within seven calendar days after the sponsor's initial receipt of the information. Phase 1, Phase 2, and Phase 3 trials may not be completed successfully within any specified period, if at all. There also are requirements governing the reporting of ongoing clinical trials and completed clinical trial results to public registries. Information about certain clinical trials, including clinical trial results, must be submitted within specific timeframes for publication on the www.clinicaltrials.gov website. 
 
 The FDA, the IRB, or the clinical trial sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects or patients are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB's requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. Additionally, some clinical trials are overseen by an independent group of qualified experts organized by the clinical trial sponsor, known as a data safety monitoring board or committee. This group provides authorization for whether or not a trial may move forward at designated check points based on access to certain data from the trial. We may also suspend or terminate a clinical trial based on evolving business objectives and/or competitive climate. Concurrent with clinical trials, companies usually complete additional animal studies and must also develop additional information about the chemistry and physical characteristics of the drug as well as finalize a process for manufacturing the drug in commercial quantities in accordance with cGMP requirements. The manufacturing process must be capable of consistently producing quality batches of the drug candidate and, among other things, cGMPs impose extensive procedural, substantive, and recordkeeping requirements to ensure and preserve the long-term stability and quality of the final drug product. Additionally, appropriate packaging must be selected and tested, and stability studies must be conducted to demonstrate that the drug candidate does not undergo unacceptable deterioration over its shelf life. 
 
 NDA and the FDA Review Process 
 
 Following trial completion, trial data are analyzed to assess safety and efficacy. The results of preclinical studies and clinical trials are then submitted to the FDA as part of an NDA, along with proposed labeling for the drug and information about the manufacturing process and facilities that will be used to ensure drug quality, results of analytical testing conducted on the chemistry of the drug, and other relevant information. The NDA is a request for approval to market the drug and must contain adequate evidence of safety and efficacy, which is demonstrated by extensive preclinical and clinical testing. Data may come from company-sponsored clinical trials intended to test the safety and efficacy of a use of a drug, or from a number of alternative sources, including studies initiated by investigators. To support marketing approval, the data submitted must be sufficient in quality and quantity to establish the safety and efficacy of the investigational drug product for a particular indication or indications to the satisfaction of the FDA. FDA approval of an NDA must be obtained before a drug may be offered for sale in the U.S. 
 
 Under the Prescription Drug User Fee Act PDUFA ), as amended, each NDA must be accompanied by a user fee. The FDA adjusts the PDUFA user fees on an annual basis. PDUFA also imposes an annual prescription drug product program fee for human drugs. Fee waivers or reductions are available in certain circumstances, including a waiver of the application fee for the first application filed by a small business. Additionally, no user fees are assessed on NDAs for products designated as orphan drugs, unless the product also includes a non-orphan indication. 
 
 Within 60 days following submission of an original NDA, the FDA reviews the application to determine if it is substantially complete before the agency accepts it for filing. The FDA may refuse to file any NDA that it deems incomplete or not properly reviewable at the time of submission, including for failure to pay required fees, and may request additional information. In this event, the application must be resubmitted with the additional information. The resubmitted application also is subject to review before the FDA accepts it for filing. The FDA typically makes a decision on whether to accept an NDA for filing within 60 days of receipt. Once the submission is accepted for filing, the FDA begins an in-depth, substantive review of the NDA. Under the performance goals established under the PDUFA, the FDA has agreed to review 90 of standard NDAs for new molecular entities NMEs in ten months from the filing date and 90 of priority NME NDAs in six months from the filing date. The goals for reviewing standard and priority non-NME NDAs are ten months and six months, respectively, measured from the receipt date of the application. The FDA does not always meet its PDUFA goal dates for standard and priority NDAs, and the review process is often significantly extended by FDA requests for additional information or clarification. 
 
 -14- 

After the NDA submission is accepted for filing, the FDA reviews the NDA to determine, among other things, whether the proposed drug is safe and effective for its intended use, and whether the drug is being manufactured in accordance with cGMP to assure and preserve the drug's identity, strength, quality, and purity. The FDA may refer applications for novel drugs or drug candidates that present difficult questions of safety or efficacy to an advisory committee, typically a panel that includes clinicians and other experts, for review, evaluation, and a recommendation as to whether the application should be approved and under what conditions. The FDA is not bound by the recommendations of an advisory committee, but it considers such recommendations carefully when making decisions. In the course of its review, the FDA may re-analyze the clinical trial data, which could result in extensive discussions between the FDA and the applicant during the review process. The review and evaluation of an NDA by the FDA is extensive and time consuming and may take longer than originally planned to complete, and we may not receive a timely approval, if at all. 
 
 Before approving an NDA, the FDA typically conducts a pre-approval inspection of the manufacturing facilities for the new drug to determine whether they comply with cGMPs. The FDA will not approve the drug unless it determines that the manufacturing processes and facilities are in compliance with cGMP requirements and adequate to assure consistent production of the drug within required specifications. In addition, before approving an NDA, the FDA may also audit data from clinical trials to ensure compliance with GCP requirements. After the FDA evaluates the application, manufacturing process, and manufacturing facilities where the drug product and/or its API will be produced, it may issue an approval letter or a Complete Response Letter. An approval letter authorizes commercial marketing of the drug with specific prescribing information for specific indications. A Complete Response Letter indicates that the review cycle of the application is complete and the application is not ready for approval. A Complete Response Letter usually describes all of the specific deficiencies in the NDA identified by the FDA. The Complete Response Letter may require additional clinical data and/or an additional pivotal clinical trial(s), and/or other significant, expensive and time-consuming requirements related to clinical trials, preclinical studies, or manufacturing. If a Complete Response Letter is issued, the applicant may either resubmit the NDA, addressing all of the deficiencies identified in the letter, challenge the determination set forth in the letter by requesting a hearing, or withdraw the application. Even if such data and information are submitted, the FDA may ultimately decide that the NDA does not satisfy the criteria for approval. Data obtained from clinical trials are not always conclusive and the FDA may interpret data differently than we interpret the same data. 
 
 There is no assurance that the FDA will ultimately approve a drug product for marketing in the U.S. If a drug receives marketing approval, the approval may be significantly limited to specific diseases, dosages, or patient subgroups, or the indications for use may otherwise be limited, which could restrict the commercial value of the drug. Further, the FDA may require that certain contraindications, warnings, precautions, or adverse events be included in the drug labeling or may condition the approval of the NDA on other changes to the proposed labeling, development of adequate controls and specifications, or a commitment to conduct post-marketing testing or clinical trials, and surveillance to monitor the effects of approved drugs. For example, the FDA may require Phase 4 testing which involves clinical trials designed to further assess a drug's safety and may require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the safety of approved drugs that have been commercialized. The FDA may also place other conditions on approvals including the requirement for a REMS to assure the safe use of the drug. If the FDA concludes a REMS is needed, the sponsor of the NDA must submit a proposed REMS. The FDA will not approve the NDA without an approved REMS, if required. A REMS could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use, such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries, and other risk minimization tools. Any of these limitations on approval or marketing could restrict the commercial promotion, distribution, prescription, or dispensing of drugs. Drug approvals may be withdrawn for non-compliance with regulatory standards or if problems occur following initial marketing. 
 
 Pediatric Information and Exclusivity 
 
 Under the Pediatric Research Equity Act PREA ), as amended, an NDA or supplement to an NDA for a drug that includes a new active ingredient, new indication, new dosage form, new dosing regimen, or new route of administration must contain data to assess the safety and efficacy of the drug for the claimed indications in all relevant pediatric subpopulations and to support dosing and administration for each pediatric subpopulation for which the drug is safe and effective. The FDA may grant deferrals for submission of data or full or partial waivers. 
 
 A sponsor who is planning to submit a marketing application for a drug subject to PREA must submit an initial Pediatric Study Plan PSP within 60 days of an end-of-Phase 2 meeting or as may be agreed between the sponsor and the FDA. The initial PSP must include an outline of the pediatric study or studies that the sponsor plans to conduct, including study objectives and design, age groups, relevant endpoints, and statistical approach, or a justification for not including such detailed information, and any request for a deferral of pediatric assessments or a full or partial waiver of the requirement to provide data from pediatric studies along with supporting information. The FDA and the sponsor must reach agreement on the PSP. A sponsor can 
 -15- 

submit amendments to an agreed-upon initial PSP at any time if changes to the pediatric plan need to be considered based on data collected from preclinical studies, early phase clinical trials, and/or other clinical development programs. 
 
 A drug product can also obtain pediatric exclusivity in the U.S. is another type of regulatory market exclusivity in the U.S. Pediatric exclusivity, if granted, adds six months to existing exclusivity periods and patent terms. This six-month exclusivity, which runs from the end of other exclusivity protection or patent term, may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric trial in accordance with a FDA-issued "Written Request" for such a trial. 
 
 Orphan Drug Designation 
 
 The FDA may grant orphan drug designation to drugs intended to treat a rare disease or condition that affects fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S., or if it affects 200,000 or more individuals in the U.S., there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing and marketing the drug for this type of disease or condition will be recovered from sales in the U.S. Orphan drug designation entitles a party to potential financial incentives such as opportunities for grant funding towards clinical trial costs, tax advantages, and user-fee waivers. In addition, if a product receives the first FDA approval for the indication for which it has orphan designation, the product is entitled to orphan drug exclusivity, which means the FDA may not approve any other application to market the same drug for the same indication for a period of seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as a showing of clinical superiority over the product with orphan exclusivity. 
 
 Orphan drug exclusivity may be lost if the FDA determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if the manufacturer is unable to assure sufficient quantity of the drug to meet the needs of patients with the rare disease or condition. Orphan drug designation must be requested before submitting an application for marketing approval. Orphan drug designation does not convey any advantage in, or shorten the duration of, the regulatory review and approval process. 
 
 505(b)(2) New Drug Applications 
 
 As an alternative path to FDA approval for modifications to formulations or uses of products previously approved by the FDA pursuant to an NDA, an applicant may submit an NDA under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA. Section 505(b)(2) was enacted as part of the Hatch-Waxman Amendments and permits the filing of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from studies not conducted by, or for, the applicant, and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. In addition, if the 505(b)(2) applicant can establish that reliance on the FDA s previous findings of safety and effectiveness is scientifically and legally appropriate, it may eliminate the need to conduct certain preclinical studies or clinical trials of the new product. The FDA may also require companies to perform additional bridging studies or measurements, including clinical trials, to support the change from the previously approved reference drug. The FDA may then approve the new drug candidate for all, or some, of the label indications for which the reference drug has been approved, as well as for any new indication sought by the 505(b)(2) applicant. 
 
 Post-Marketing Requirements 
 
 Following approval of a new drug, a pharmaceutical company and the approved drug are subject to continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, establishment registration and drug listing, monitoring and recordkeeping activities, reporting to the applicable regulatory authorities of adverse experiences with the drug, providing the regulatory authorities with updated safety and efficacy information, drug sampling and distribution requirements, and complying with promotion and advertising requirements, which include, among others, standards for direct-to-consumer advertising, restrictions on promoting drugs for uses or in patient populations that are not described in the drug's approved labeling (known as off-label promotion), limitations on industry-sponsored scientific and educational activities, and requirements for promotional activities involving the internet. Although physicians may prescribe legally available drugs for off-label uses, the FDA takes the position that manufacturers may not market or promote such off-label uses. Modifications or enhancements to the drug or its labeling or changes of the site or process of manufacture are often subject to the approval of the FDA and other regulators, which may or may not be received or may result in a lengthy review process. 
 
 Prescription drug advertising is subject to federal, state, and foreign regulations. In the U.S., the FDA regulates prescription drug promotion, including direct-to-consumer advertising. Prescription drug promotional materials must be submitted to the FDA in conjunction with their first use. Any distribution of prescription drugs and pharmaceutical samples must comply with the U.S. Prescription Drug Marketing Act PDMA ), a part of the FDCA. The Drug Supply Chain Security Act DSCSA was enacted in 2013 with the aim of building an electronic system to identify and trace certain prescription drugs distributed in the U.S. The DSCSA mandates phased-in and resource-intensive obligations for pharmaceutical manufacturers, wholesale distributors, and dispensers over a 10-year period that is expected to culminate in November 2023. The law s requirements include the quarantine and prompt investigation of a suspect product to determine if it is illegitimate, and notifying trading 
 -16- 

partners and the FDA of any illegitimate product. Drug manufacturers and other parties involved in the supply chain for prescription drug products must also comply with product tracking and tracking requirements, such as placing a unique product identifier on prescription drug packages. This identifier consists of the National Drug Code, serial number, lot number, and expiration date, in the form of a 2-dimensional data matrix barcode that can be read by humans and machines. 
 
 In the U.S., once a drug is approved, its manufacture is subject to comprehensive and continuing regulation by the FDA. FDA regulations require that drugs be manufactured in specific facilities per the NDA approval and in accordance with cGMP. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the production of clinical and commercial quantities of our approved drug and drug candidates in accordance with cGMP regulations. cGMP regulations require among other things, quality control and quality assurance as well as the corresponding maintenance of records and documentation and the obligation to investigate and correct any deviations from cGMP. Drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and certain state agencies and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and certain state agencies for compliance with cGMP and other laws. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money, and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. These regulations also impose certain organizational, procedural, and documentation requirements with respect to manufacturing and quality assurance activities. NDA holders using contract manufacturers, laboratories, or packagers are responsible for the selection and monitoring of qualified firms, and, in certain circumstances, qualified suppliers to these firms. These firms and, where applicable, their suppliers are subject to inspections by the FDA at any time, and the discovery of violative conditions, including failure to conform to cGMP, could result in enforcement actions that interrupt the operation of any such facilities or the ability to distribute drugs manufactured, processed, or tested by them. 
 
 The FDA also may require post-approval testing, sometimes referred to as Phase 4 testing, risk minimization action plans, and post-marketing surveillance to monitor the effects of an approved drug or place conditions on an approval that could restrict the distribution or use of the drug. 
 
 The FDA may issue enforcement letters or withdraw the approval of the product if compliance with regulatory requirements and standards is not maintained or if problems occur after the drug or biologic reaches the market. Corrective action could delay drug or biologic distribution and require significant time and financial expenditures. Later discovery of previously unknown problems with a drug or biologic, including adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or with manufacturing processes, or failure to comply with regulatory requirements, may require revisions to the approved labeling to add new safety information, including the addition of new warning and contraindications; imposition of post-market studies or clinical trials to assess new safety risks; or imposition of distribution or other restrictions under a REMS program. Other potential consequences include, among other things: 
 
 mandated corrective advertising or communications with doctors; 
 
 restrictions on the marketing or manufacturing of the drug or biologic, suspension of the approval, complete withdrawal of the drug from the market or product recalls; 
 
 fines, warning letters or holds on post-approval clinical trials; 
 
 refusal of the FDA to approve applications or supplements to approved applications, or suspension or revocation of drug or biologic approvals; 
 
 drug or biologic seizure or detention, or refusal to permit the import or export of drugs; or 
 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 
 U.S. Marketing Exclusivity 
 
 Marketing exclusivity provisions under the FDCA can delay the submission or the approval of certain marketing applications for competing products. The FDCA provides a five-year period of non-patent marketing exclusivity within the U.S. to the first applicant to obtain approval of an NDA for a new chemical entity. A drug is a new chemical entity if the FDA has not previously approved any other new drug containing the same active moiety, which is the molecule or ion responsible for the action of the drug substance. During the exclusivity period, the FDA may not accept for review an abbreviated new drug application ANDA or a 505(b)(2) NDA submitted by another company for another drug based on the same active moiety, regardless of whether the drug is intended for the same indication as the original innovator drug or for another indication. However, an application may be submitted after four years if it contains a certification of patent invalidity or non-infringement 
 -17- 

to one of the patents listed with the FDA by the innovator NDA holder. The FDCA also provides three years of marketing exclusivity for an NDA, or supplement to an existing NDA, if new clinical investigations, other than bioavailability studies, that were conducted or sponsored by the applicant are deemed by the FDA to be essential to the approval of the application, for example new indications, dosages, or strengths of an existing drug. This three-year exclusivity covers only the modification for which the drug received approval on the basis of the new clinical investigations and does not prohibit the FDA from approving ANDAs or 505(b)(2) applications for drugs containing the active agent for the original indication or condition of use. Five-year and three-year exclusivity will not delay the submission or approval of a full NDA. However, an applicant submitting a full NDA would be required to conduct or obtain a right of reference to all of the preclinical studies and adequate and well-controlled clinical trials necessary to demonstrate safety and effectiveness. 
 
 Other Regulatory Matters 
 
 Manufacturing, sales, promotion, and other activities following drug approval are also subject to regulation by numerous regulatory authorities in addition to the FDA, including, in the U.S., the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services CMS ), other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services HHS ), the DEA for controlled substances, the Consumer Product Safety Commission, the Federal Trade Commission, the Occupational Safety Health Administration, the Environmental Protection Agency, and state and local governments. In the U.S., sales, marketing, and scientific/educational programs must also comply with state and federal fraud and abuse laws. Pricing and rebate programs must comply with the Medicaid rebate requirements of the U.S. Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990 and more recent requirements in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010 (or collectively, the ACA ). If drugs are made available to authorized users of the Federal Supply Schedule of the General Services Administration, additional laws and requirements apply. The handling of any controlled substances must comply with the U.S. Controlled Substances Act and Controlled Substances Import and Export Act. Drugs must meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. Manufacturing, sales, promotion, and other activities are also potentially subject to federal and state consumer protection and unfair competition laws. 
 
 We are subject to numerous foreign, federal, state, and local environmental, health, and safety laws and regulations, including those governing laboratory procedures and the handling, use, storage, treatment, and disposal of hazardous materials and wastes. In addition, our leasing and operation of real property may subject us to liability pursuant to certain U.S. environmental laws and regulations, under which current or previous owners or operators of real property and entities that disposed or arranged for the disposal of hazardous substances may be held strictly, jointly, and severally liable for the cost of investigating or remediating contamination caused by hazardous substance releases, even if they did not know of and were not responsible for the releases. 
 
 The distribution of pharmaceutical drugs is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage, and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical drugs. 
 
 The failure to comply with regulatory requirements subjects firms to possible legal or regulatory action. Depending on the circumstances, failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements can result in criminal prosecution, fines, or other penalties, injunctions, voluntary recall or seizure of drugs, total or partial suspension of production, denial or withdrawal of product approvals, or refusal to allow a firm to enter into supply contracts, including government contracts. In addition, even if a firm complies with FDA and other requirements, new information regarding the safety or efficacy of a product could lead the FDA to modify or withdraw product approval. Prohibitions or restrictions on sales or withdrawal of our approved drug or any future products marketed by us could materially affect our business in an adverse way. 
 
 Changes in regulations, statutes, or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example: (i) changes to our manufacturing arrangements; (ii) additions or modifications to product labeling; (iii) the recall or discontinuation of our product; or (iv) additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. 
 
 Other Regulation 
 
 Controlled Substances Regulations 
 
 Narcotics and other APIs, such as sodium oxybate, are controlled substances under the CSA. The CSA Title II of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970, regulates the manufacture and distribution of narcotics and other controlled substances, including stimulants, depressants and hallucinogens in the U.S. The CSA is administered by the DEA, a division of the U.S. Department of Justice, and is intended to prevent the abuse or diversion of controlled substances into illicit channels of commerce. The DEA classifies controlled substances into five schedules. Schedule I substances by 
 -18- 

definition have a high potential for abuse, have no currently accepted medical use in the U.S., lack accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and may not be prescribed, marketed or sold in the U.S. Pharmaceutical products approved for use in the U.S. may be listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V, with Schedule II substances considered to present the highest potential for abuse or dependence and Schedule V substances the lowest relative risk of abuse. The API in LUMRYZ, sodium oxybate, is a Schedule I controlled substance in the U.S., and LUMRYZ, if granted final FDA approval, will be a Schedule III controlled substance in the U.S. 
 
 For drugs manufactured in the U.S., the DEA establishes annually an aggregate quota for the amount of substances within Schedules I and II that may be manufactured or produced in the U.S. based on the DEA s estimate of the quantity needed to meet legitimate medical, scientific, research and industrial needs. The quotas apply equally to the manufacturing of the API and production of dosage forms. The DEA may adjust aggregate production quotas a few times per year, and individual manufacturing or procurement quotas from time to time during the year, although the DEA has substantial discretion in whether or not to make such adjustments for individual companies. 
 
 The DEA limits the quantity of certain Schedule I controlled substances that may be manufactured and procured in the U.S. in any given calendar year through a quota system and, as a result, quotas from the DEA are required in order to manufacture sodium oxybate and LUMRYZ in the U.S. Accordingly, we require DEA quotas for sodium oxybate and LUMRYZ, until approved, if ever, by the FDA. 
 
 If granted final FDA approval, LUMRYZ is anticipated to be classified as a Schedule III controlled substance and subject to DEA import volume limits and state regulations relating to manufacturing, storage, distribution and physician prescription procedures, including limitations on prescription refills. In addition, the third parties who perform our clinical and commercial manufacturing, distribution, dispensing and clinical studies for LUMRYZ are required to maintain necessary DEA registrations and state licenses. The DEA periodically inspects facilities for compliance with its rules and regulations. 
 
 Any person or firm that manufactures, distributes, dispenses, imports, or exports any controlled substance (or proposes to do so) must register with the DEA. The applicant must register for a specific business activity related to controlled substances, including manufacturing or distributing, and may engage in only the activity or activities for which it is registered. The DEA conducts periodic inspections of registered establishments that handle controlled substances. Failure to comply with relevant DEA regulations, particularly as manifested in the loss or diversion of controlled substances, can result in regulatory action including civil penalties, refusal to renew necessary registrations, or proceedings to revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations can lead to criminal prosecution. In addition to these federal statutory and regulatory obligations, there may be state and local laws and regulations relevant to the handling of controlled substances or listed chemicals. Governments outside of the U.S. have similar controlled substance laws, regulations and requirements in their respective jurisdictions. 
 
 Healthcare Laws 
 
 Healthcare providers and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of pharmaceutical products. Arrangements with third-party payors and customers can expose pharmaceutical manufactures to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute and the federal False Claims Act FCA ), which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which companies research, sell, market and distribute pharmaceutical products. In addition, transparency laws and patient privacy laws can apply to the activities of pharmaceutical manufactures. The applicable federal, state and foreign healthcare laws and regulations that can affect a pharmaceutical company s operations include without limitation: 
 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully soliciting, receiving, offering or paying any remuneration (including any kickback, bribe, or rebate), directly or indirectly, overtly or covertly, in cash or in kind, to induce, or in return for, either the referral of an individual, or the purchase, lease, order or recommendation of any good, facility, item or service for which payment may be made, in whole or in part, under the Medicare and Medicaid programs, or other federal healthcare programs. A person or entity can be found guilty of violating the statute without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it. In addition, the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the FCA. The Anti-Kickback Statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical manufacturers on the one hand and prescribers, purchasers, and formulary managers on the other. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting some common activities from prosecution, but such exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly and require strict compliance in order to offer protection; 
 -19- 

The federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the FCA, and civil monetary penalty laws, which prohibit any person or entity from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, a false, fictitious or fraudulent claim for payment to, or approval by, the federal government or knowingly making, using or causing to be made or used a false record or statement, including providing inaccurate billing or coding information to customers or promoting a product off-label, material to a false or fraudulent claim to the federal government. As a result of a modification made by the Fraud Enforcement and Recovery Act of 2009, a claim includes any request or demand for money or property presented to the federal government. In addition, manufacturers can be held liable under the FCA even when they do not submit claims directly to government payors if they are deemed to cause the submission of false or fraudulent claims. The FCA also permits a private individual acting as a whistleblower to bring actions on behalf of the federal government alleging violations of the FCA and to share in any monetary recovery; 
 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 HIPAA ), which created federal criminal statutes that prohibit, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or obtain, by means of false or fraudulent pretenses, representations, or promises, any of the money or property owned by, or under the custody or control of, any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private) and knowingly and willfully falsifying, concealing or covering up by any trick or device a material fact or making any materially false statements in connection with the delivery of, or payment for, healthcare benefits, items or services relating to healthcare matters. Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity can be found guilty of violating HIPAA without actual knowledge of the statute or specific intent to violate it; 
 
 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009 HITECH ), and their respective implementing regulations, which impose, among other things, specified requirements relating to the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information held by covered entities and their business associates as well as their covered subcontractors. HITECH also created new tiers of civil monetary penalties, amended HIPAA to make civil and criminal penalties directly applicable to business associates, and gave state attorneys general new authority to file civil actions for damages or injunctions in federal courts to enforce the federal HIPAA laws and seek attorneys fees and costs associated with pursuing federal civil actions; 
 
 The federal legislation commonly referred to as the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the ACA, and its implementing regulations, which requires certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to CMS, information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors) and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. Effective January 1, 2022, covered manufacturers also are required to report information regarding their payments and other transfers of value to physician assistants, and nurse practitioners, clinical nurse specialists, anesthesiologist assistants, certified registered nurse anesthetists and certified nurse midwives during the previous year; 
 
 Federal government price reporting laws, which require us to calculate and report complex pricing metrics in an accurate and timely manner to government programs; 
 
 Federal consumer protection and unfair competition laws, which broadly regulate marketplace activities and activities that potentially harm consumers; and 
 
 Analogous state laws and regulations, including: state anti-kickback and false claims laws, which may apply to our business practices, including, but not limited to, research, distribution, sales and marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by any third-party payor, including private insurers; state laws that require pharmaceutical companies to comply with the pharmaceutical industry s voluntary compliance guidelines and the relevant compliance guidance promulgated by the U.S. federal government, or otherwise restrict payments that may be made to healthcare providers and other potential referral sources; state and local laws that require drug manufacturers to report information related to payments and other transfers of value to physicians and other healthcare providers or marketing expenditures; state laws that require the reporting of information related to drug pricing; state and local laws requiring the registration of pharmaceutical sales representatives; and state laws governing the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts. 
 
 -20- 

The distribution of pharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of pharmaceutical products. 
 
 Coverage and Reimbursement 
 
 Sales of any product depend, in part, on the extent to which such product will be covered by third-party payors, such as federal, state, and foreign government healthcare programs, commercial insurance and managed healthcare organizations, and the level of reimbursement for such product by third-party payors. Decisions regarding the extent of coverage and amount of reimbursement to be provided are made on a plan-by-plan basis. These third-party payors are increasingly reducing coverage and reimbursement for medical products, drugs and services. For products administered under the supervision of a physician, obtaining coverage and adequate reimbursement may be particularly difficult because of the higher prices often associated with such drugs. Additionally, separate reimbursement for the product itself or the treatment or procedure in which the product is used may not be available, which may impact physician utilization. 
 
 In order to secure coverage and reimbursement for any product that might be approved for sale, a company may need to conduct expensive pharmacoeconomic studies in order to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost-effectiveness of the product, in addition to the costs required to obtain FDA or other comparable regulatory approvals. Additionally, companies may also need to provide discounts to purchasers, private health plans or government healthcare programs. Nonetheless, product candidates may not be considered medically necessary or cost effective. A decision by a third-party payor not to cover a product could reduce physician utilization once the product is approved and have a material adverse effect on sales, our operations and financial condition. Factors that payors consider in determining reimbursement are based on whether the product is (i) a covered benefit under its health plan; (ii) safe, effective, and medically necessary; (iii) appropriate for the specific patient; (iv) cost-effective; and (v) neither experimental nor investigational. Additionally, a third-party payor s decision to provide coverage for a product does not imply that an adequate reimbursement rate will be approved. Further, one payor s determination to provide coverage for a product does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage and reimbursement for the product and the level of coverage and reimbursement can differ significantly from payor to payor. 
 
 The containment of healthcare costs has become a priority of federal, state and foreign governments and the prices of products have been a focus in this effort. Governments have shown significant interest in implementing cost-containment programs, including price controls, restrictions on reimbursement and requirements for substitution of generic products. Adoption of price controls and cost-containment measures and adoption of more restrictive policies in jurisdictions with existing controls and measures, could further limit a company s revenue generated from the sale of any approved products. Coverage policies and third-party payor reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for one or more products for which a company or its collaborators receive regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. Decreases in third-party reimbursement for any product or a decision by a third-party payor not to cover a product could reduce physician usage and patient demand for the product and also have a material adverse effect on sales. 
 
 Healthcare Reform 
 
 In both the United States and certain foreign jurisdictions, there have been, and continue to be, a number of legislative and regulatory changes to the health care system. Among policy makers and payors in the United States and elsewhere, there is significant interest in promoting changes in healthcare systems with the stated goals of containing healthcare costs, improving quality and/or expanding access. In the United States, the pharmaceutical industry has been a particular focus of these efforts and has been significantly affected by major legislative initiatives. In particular, in 2010, the ACA was enacted, which, among other things, increased the minimum Medicaid rebates owed by most manufacturers under the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program, extended the Medicaid Drug Rebate Program to utilization of prescriptions of individuals enrolled in Medicaid managed care organizations, subjected manufacturers to new annual fees and taxes for certain branded prescription drugs, and provided incentives to programs that increase the federal government s comparative effectiveness research. 
 
 Since its enactment, there have been numerous judicial, administrative, executive, and legislative efforts to expand, repeal, replace or modify the ACA, some of which have been successful, in part, in modifying the law, as well as court challenges to the constitutionality of the law. On June 17, 2021, the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed the most recent judicial challenge to the ACA brought by several states without specifically ruling on the constitutionality of the ACA. Prior to the Supreme Court s decision, President Biden issued an executive order to initiate a special enrollment period from February 15, 2021, through August 15, 2021, for purposes of obtaining health insurance coverage through the ACA marketplace. The executive order also instructed certain governmental agencies to review and reconsider their existing policies and rules that limit access to healthcare, including among others, reexamining Medicaid demonstration projects and waiver programs that include work 
 -21- 

requirements, and policies that create unnecessary barriers to obtaining access to health insurance coverage through Medicaid or the ACA. It is unclear how other healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration or other efforts, if any, to challenge, repeal or replace the ACA will impact our business. 
 
 Prior to the Biden administration, on October 13, 2017, former President Trump signed an Executive Order terminating the cost-sharing subsidies that reimburse insurers under the ACA. The former Trump administration concluded that cost-sharing reduction CSR ), payments to insurance companies required under the ACA have not received necessary appropriations from Congress and announced that it will discontinue these payments immediately until those appropriations are made. Several state attorneys general filed suit to stop the administration from terminating the subsidies, but their request for a restraining order was denied by a federal judge in California on October 25, 2017. On August 14, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled in two separate cases that the federal government is liable for the full amount of unpaid CSRs for the years preceding and including 2017. For CSR claims made by health insurance companies for years 2018 and later, further litigation will be required to determine the amounts due, if any. Further, on June 14, 2018, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit ruled that the federal government was not required to pay more than 12 billion in ACA risk corridor payments to third-party payors who argued the payments were owed to them. On April 27, 2020, the United States Supreme Court reversed the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit's decision and remanded the case to the U.S. Court of Federal Claims, concluding the government has an obligation to pay these risk corridor payments under the relevant formula. It is unclear what impact these rulings will have on our business. 
 
 In addition, other legislative and regulatory changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the ACA was enacted: 
 
 On August 2, 2011, the U.S. Budget Control Act of 2011, among other things, included aggregate reductions of Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year. These reductions went into effect on April 1, 2013 and, due to subsequent legislative amendments to the statute, will remain in effect through 2030, with the exception of a temporary suspension from May 1, 2020 through March 31, 2022 due to the COVID-19 pandemic. Following the temporary suspension, a 1 payment reduction will occur beginning April 1, 2022 through June 30, 2022, and the 2 payment reduction will resume on July 1, 2022. 
 
 On January 2, 2013, the U.S. American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, further reduced Medicare payments to several types of providers. 
 
 On April 13, 2017, CMS published a final rule that gives states greater flexibility in setting benchmarks for insurers in the individual and small group marketplaces, which may have the effect of relaxing the essential health benefits required under the ACA for plans sold through such marketplaces. 
 
 On May 30, 2018, the Right to Try Act, was signed into law. The law, among other things, provides a federal framework for certain patients to access certain investigational new drug products that have completed a Phase 1 clinical trial and that are undergoing investigation for FDA approval. Under certain circumstances, eligible patients can seek treatment without enrolling in clinical trials and without obtaining FDA permission under the FDA expanded access program. There is no obligation for a pharmaceutical manufacturer to make its drug products available to eligible patients as a result of the Right to Try Act. 
 
 On May 23, 2019, CMS published a final rule to allow Medicare Advantage Plans the option of using step therapy for Part B drugs beginning January 1, 2020. 
 
 On December 20, 2019, former President Trump signed into law the Further Consolidated Appropriations Act H.R. 1865 ), which repealed the Cadillac tax, the health insurance provider tax, and the medical device excise tax. It is impossible to determine whether similar taxes could be instated in the future. 
 
 There has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the U.S. of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs and biologics. At a federal level, President Biden signed an Executive Order on July 9, 2021 affirming the administration s policy to (i) support legislative reforms that would lower the prices of prescription drug and biologics, including by allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices, by imposing inflation caps, and, by supporting the development and market entry of lower-cost generic drugs and biosimilars; and (ii) support the enactment of a public health insurance option. Among other things, the Executive Order also directs HHS to provide a report on actions to combat excessive pricing of prescription drugs, enhance the domestic drug supply chain, reduce the price that the Federal government pays for drugs, and address price gouging in the industry; and directs the FDA to work with states and Indian Tribes that propose to develop section 
 -22- 

804 Importation Programs in accordance with the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, and the FDA s implementing regulations. FDA released such implementing regulations on September 24, 2020, which went into effect on November 30, 2020, providing guidance for states to build and submit importation plans for drugs from Canada. On September 25, 2020, CMS stated drugs imported by states under this rule will not be eligible for federal rebates under Section 1927 of the Social Security Act and manufacturers would not report these drugs for best price or Average Manufacturer Price purposes. Since these drugs are not considered covered outpatient drugs, CMS further stated it will not publish a National Average Drug Acquisition Cost for these drugs. If implemented, importation of drugs from Canada may materially and adversely affect the price we receive for any of our product candidates. Further, on November 20, 2020 CMS issued an Interim Final Rule implementing the Most Favored Nation MFN Model under which Medicare Part B reimbursement rates would have been be calculated for certain drugs and biologicals based on the lowest price drug manufacturers receive in Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development countries with a similar gross domestic product per capita. However, on December 29, 2021, CMS rescinded the Most Favored Nations rule. Additionally, on November 30, 2020, HHS published a regulation removing safe harbor protection for price reductions from pharmaceutical manufacturers to plan sponsors under Part D, either directly or through pharmacy benefit managers, unless the price reduction is required by law. The rule also creates a new safe harbor for price reductions reflected at the point-of-sale, as well as a safe harbor for certain fixed fee arrangements between pharmacy benefit managers and manufacturers. Pursuant to court order, the removal and addition of the aforementioned safe harbors were delayed and recent legislation imposed a moratorium on implementation of the rule until January 1, 2026. Although a number of these and other proposed measures may require authorization through additional legislation to become effective, and the Biden administration may reverse or otherwise change these measures, both the Biden administration and Congress have indicated that they will continue to seek new legislative measures to control drug costs. 
 
 There have been several changes to the 340B drug pricing program, which imposes ceilings on prices that drug manufacturers can charge for medications sold to certain health care facilities. On December 27, 2018, the District Court for the District of Columbia invalidated a reimbursement formula change under the 340B drug pricing program, and CMS subsequently altered the fiscal years 2019 and 2018 reimbursement formula on specified covered outpatient drugs SCODs ). The court ruled this change was not an adjustment which was within the secretary of HHS s discretion to make but was instead a fundamental change in the reimbursement calculation. However, most recently, on July 31, 2020, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit overturned the district court s decision and found that the changes were within the Secretary s authority. On September 14, 2020, the plaintiffs-appellees filed a Petition for Rehearing En Banc (i.e., before the full court), but was denied on October 16, 2020. Plaintiffs-appellees filed a petition for a writ of certiorari at the Supreme Court on February 10, 2021. On July 2, 2021, the Supreme Court granted the petition. It is unclear how these developments could affect covered hospitals who might purchase our future products and affect the rates we may charge such facilities for our approved products in the future, if any. 
 
 Individual states in the U.S. have also increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 
 Human Capital Resources 
 
 At Avadel, the way we work is as important as the results we achieve. Our global organization fosters an entrepreneurial environment, where purpose, innovation, integrity, and collaboration come together to transform medicines to transform lives. Our organization fosters our culture based on being relentless for patients, having confidence with humility, being courageous, taking insight to impact and togetherness (the Avadel Values ). In everything we do, we live the Avadel Values so we can be the best for our patients, our community, and each other. Success for us is defined through how we improve the lives of patients and how we achieve our objectives as one team. 
 
 We are committed to offering employees a rewarding and entrepreneurial work experience where patients are at the center of everything we do. Our people are our greatest competitive advantage, and our values serve as the foundation of our culture. We consider our relations with our employees to be good and are focused on maintaining a highly engaged and motivated workforce. 
 
 Employee Demographics 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 41 full-time employees. None of our employees are subject to a union or other collective bargaining agreement. In addition to our employees, we contract with third parties in certain areas of the business 
 -23- 

such as clinical, regulatory, and manufacturing. We expect to continue to build and grow our organizational capabilities with a focus on talent attraction, development, engagement, and retention. 
 
 Diversity, Equity, and Inclusion 
 
 Avadel is committed to fostering a diverse workforce and a culture of inclusion. Avadel pursues fair employment practices in every aspect of its business and is committed to a productive work environment for its employees. We strive to create a level of connectivity that goes beyond working together. Rooted in the trust we earn every day, our team is inclusive, valuing diverse perspectives and work every day to lift each other up in pursuit of improving the lives of the patients we serve. 
 
 Avadel is committed to facilitating an open, honest, inclusive, transparent, and productive work environment where we work together as ONE team and ONE culture to be our best for patients, customers, and each other. Avadel is committed to equal employment opportunities and non-discrimination in employment. We believe that all employees and applicants should be treated with courtesy, dignity, and respect. Avadel does not discriminate in employment on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, national origin, age, disability, genetic information, marital status, ancestry, gender, gender identity, pregnancy, status as a covered veteran, or any other characteristic protected by federal, state, and/or local law. It is our intent to comply with federal, state, and local laws, regulations, and guidelines in our employment practices and in our service to our clients. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment including, but not limited to, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 At Avadel, we prioritize the well-being of our employees by offering a comprehensive benefits package. We know that benefits play an important role in helping to ensure the health and financial security of our employees. 
 
 Our commitment to our employees includes benefit and compensation programs that value the contributions our employees make. We strive to provide pay, benefits, and services that are competitive and create incentives to attract and retain employees. In addition to competitive pay, we offer bonus and share-based compensation packages for all levels of employees within the organization as well as a company match for employee retirement programs. 
 
 Health and Wellness 
 
 Our healthcare plans allow employees to choose what works best for them and their families. We offer competitive health, dental, vision and life insurance for all employees as well as competitive vacation packages along with time off for holidays and other forms of leave for all employees. Further, we offer a variety of tools allowing employees to prioritize wellness, including retirement planning, employee stock purchase program, legal services, employee assistance programs, and more. 
 
 Career Growth and Development 
 
 We are invested in the development of each of our employees. We provide opportunities to lead and participate in cross-functional teams, coaching, leadership development, and more. We provide reimbursement to our employees for seminars, conferences and educational and professional training. In alignment with our business strategy, it is our goal to empower all employees to take full advantage of their professional growth opportunities, to lead them to long-term job satisfaction and organizational success. Through professional development, our employees can broaden their skills for their current and future roles. 
 -24- 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
 An investment in Avadel involves a high degree of risk. You should carefully consider the risks described below, as well as the other information included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before making an investment decision. Avadel s business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows could be materially adversely affected by any of these risks. The market or trading price of Avadel s securities could decline due to any of these risks. In addition, please read Cautionary Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, where we describe additional uncertainties associated with Avadel s business and with the forward-looking statements included or incorporated by reference in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Please note that additional risks not presently known to us or that we currently deem immaterial may also impair Avadel s business and operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Lead Product Candidate, Future Product Candidates Clinical Development and Commercialization 
 
 We cannot be certain that our lead product candidate or future product candidates will receive marketing approval. Without marketing approval, we will not be able to commercialize our lead product candidate or future product candidates. 
 
 We have devoted significant financial resources and business efforts to the development of our lead product candidate. We cannot be certain that our lead product candidate or future product candidates will receive marketing approval. 
 
 The development of a product candidate and issues relating to its approval and marketing are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the U.S. and by comparable regulatory authorities in other countries. We are not permitted to market our lead product candidate or future product candidates in the U.S. until we receive approval of an NDA by the FDA. The time required to obtain approval by the FDA and comparable foreign authorities is unpredictable but typically takes many years following the commencement of clinical trials and depends upon numerous factors, including the substantial discretion of regulatory authorities. In addition, approval policies, regulations, or the type and amount of clinical data necessary to gain approval may change during the course of a product candidate s clinical development and may vary among jurisdictions. 
 
 An NDA must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish the product candidate s safety and effectiveness for each desired indication. An NDA must also include significant information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the product. Obtaining approval of an NDA is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and we may not be successful in obtaining approval. For example, we submitted an NDA to the FDA for LUMRYZ for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy in December 2020 through the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. In February 2021, the FDA assigned LUMRYZ a PDUFA target action date of October 15, 2021. In October 2021, the FDA notified us that its review was still ongoing and action would not be taken by the PDUFA date. On May 24, 2022, we were notified by the FDA that the LUMRYZ NDA patent statement pertaining to the REMS Patent was deemed inappropriate. As such, the FDA requested the Company add a certification to the REMS Patent to its NDA. On June 29, 2022, we announced that we had submitted a Paragraph IV patent certification pertaining to the REMS Patent to LUMRYZ s NDA. On July 15, 2022, Jazz filed a patent infringement suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of Delaware the Delaware Court asserting that LUMRYZ will infringe at least one claim of that patent. The filing of that lawsuit triggered a regulatory stay on FDA approval of LUMRYZ. On July 18, 2022, we received tentative approval from the FDA for LUMRYZ for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults suffering from narcolepsy. On November 18, 2022, pursuant to a motion requesting same as well as briefing and arguments of the parties, the Delaware Court issued an order requiring Jazz to request delisting of the REMS Patent from FDA s Orange Book. Jazz appealed the Delaware Court s decision to the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit Federal Circuit ), which resulted in a stay of the Delaware Court s order pending appeal. On February 24, 2023, the Federal Circuit issued an opinion affirming the Delaware Court s decision and ordered Jazz to request delisting of the REMS Patent from FDA s Orange Book within 14 days of the Federal Circuit s decision. On February 28, 2023, Jazz complied with the order of the Federal Circuit and provided a written submission to the FDA requesting delisting of the REMS Patent from FDA s Orange Book. On March 1, 2023, we submitted an amendment to our NDA for LUMRYZ requesting final FDA approval for LUMRYZ. Our receipt of tentative approval and filing of our amendment requesting final approval does not mean we will receive final FDA approval for the LUMRYZ NDA in a timely manner or at all. For example, Xywav was approved on June 21, 2020 and granted seven years of orphan drug exclusivity for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in patients 7 years of age and older with narcolepsy. In the event the FDA determines LUMRYZ to be the same drug product as Xywav, the FDA would require us to demonstrate that LUMRYZ is clinically superior to Xywav, and therefore not subject to unexpired orphan drug exclusivity, before it grants final approval to our NDA. In the event the FDA determines LUMRYZ to be a different drug product than Xywav, then any unexpired orphan drug exclusivity would not be relevant to a final approval decision for LUMRYZ. Under a scenario in which the FDA determines LUMRYZ and Xywav to be the same drug products and subsequently finds LUMRYZ to be clinically superior to Xywav, then the unexpired Xywav orphan drug exclusivity could not 
 -25- 

block a final approval decision for LUMRYZ. Under a similar scenario in which the FDA determines LUMRYZ and Xywav to be the same drug products but subsequently finds LUMRYZ not to be clinically superior to Xywav, then we would not be granted final approval of LUMRYZ until the sooner of i) a successful reversal of the FDA s decision or ii) the expiration of orphan drug exclusivity for Xywav on July 21, 2027. In addition, a drug product that is granted tentative approval, like LUMRYZ, may be subject to additional review before final approval. The FDA s tentative approval of LUMRYZ was based on information available to the FDA at the time of the tentative approval letter (i.e., information in the application and the status of current good manufacturing practices of the facilities used in the manufacturing and testing of the drug product) and is therefore subject to change on the basis of new information that may come to the FDA s attention. We cannot legally market LUMRYZ in the U.S. until we obtain final approval from the FDA. Any delay or setback in obtaining final approval or the commercialization of our lead product candidate will adversely affect our business. 
 
 The FDA has substantial discretion in the drug approval process, including the ability to delay, limit or deny approval of a product candidate for many reasons. For example, the FDA: 
 
 could determine that we cannot rely on the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway or other pathways we have selected, as applicable, for our product candidate; 
 could determine that the information provided by us was inadequate, contained clinical deficiencies or otherwise failed to demonstrate the safety and effectiveness of our product candidate for any indication; 
 may not find the data from bioequivalence studies and/or clinical trials sufficient to support the submission of an NDA or to obtain marketing approval in the U.S., including any findings that the clinical and other benefits of our product candidate outweigh their safety risks; 
 may disagree with our trial design or our interpretation of data from preclinical studies, bioequivalence studies and/or clinical trials, or may change the requirements for approval even after it has reviewed and commented on the design for our trials; 
 may determine that we have identified the wrong listed drug or drugs or that approval of our Section 505(b)(2) application for our product candidate is blocked by patent or non-patent exclusivity of the listed drug or drugs or of other previously approved drugs with the same conditions of approval as our product candidate, as applicable; 
 may identify deficiencies in the manufacturing processes or facilities of third-party manufacturers with which we enter into agreements for the manufacturing of our product candidate; 
 may audit some or all of our clinical research study sites to determine the integrity of our data and may reject any or all of such data; 
 may approve our product candidate for fewer or more limited indications than we request, or may grant approval contingent on the performance of costly post-approval clinical trials; 
 may not determine that our product candidate is clinically superior to any previously approved same drug; 
 may change its approval policies or adopt new regulations; or 
 may not approve the labeling claims that we believe are necessary or desirable for the successful commercialization of our product candidate. 
 
 Even if a product is approved, the FDA may limit the indications for which the product may be marketed, require extensive warnings on the product labeling or require expensive and time-consuming clinical trials and/or reporting as conditions of approval. Regulators of other countries and jurisdictions have their own procedures for the approval of product candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing in those countries or jurisdictions. 
 
 We have submitted an NDA for LUMRYZ in the U.S. and will evaluate filing potentially elsewhere. We have determined, following FDA consultation, that the 505(b)(2) approval pathway, which permits an NDA applicant to rely on the FDA s previous findings of safety or effectiveness and data from studies that were not conducted by or for the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference, is the appropriate pathway for a LUMRYZ NDA. There can be no assurances, however, that the 505(b)(2) approval pathway in the U.S., or similar approval pathways outside of the U.S., will be available for our product candidate or that the FDA or other regulatory authorities will approve our product candidate through an application based on such pathways. 
 
 Obtaining regulatory approval for marketing of a product candidate in one country does not ensure that we will be able to obtain regulatory approval in any other country. In addition, delays in approvals or rejections of marketing applications in the U.S. or other countries may be based upon many factors, including regulatory requests for additional analyses, reports, data, 
 -26- 

preclinical studies and clinical trials, regulatory questions regarding different interpretations of data and results, changes in regulatory policy during the period of product development and the emergence of new information regarding our product candidate. 
 
 Our business is significantly dependent on the successful development, regulatory approval and commercialization of LUMRYZ, our only product candidate. 
 
 We have invested substantially all of our efforts and financial resources in the development of LUMRYZ, which has not yet been approved for sale or commercial use. Currently, LUMRYZ is our only product candidate and we have not licensed, acquired, or invented any other product candidates for preclinical or clinical evaluation. This may make an investment in our company riskier than similar companies that have multiple product candidates in active development and that therefore may be able to better sustain a failure of a lead candidate. The success of our business, including our ability to finance our company and generate any revenue in the future, will, at this point, depend entirely on the regulatory approval and commercialization of LUMRYZ, which may never occur. Any failure to obtain regulatory approval of LUMRYZ would have a material and adverse impact on our business. Even if we successfully obtain regulatory approvals to market LUMRYZ, our revenue will be dependent, in part, upon the size of the markets in the territories for which we gain regulatory approval. If the markets or patient subsets that we are targeting are not as significant as we estimate, we may not generate significant revenues from sales of LUMRYZ, even if approved. 
 
 The commercial success of LUMRYZ will depend on a number of factors, including the following: 
 
 the timely receipt of necessary marketing approvals from the FDA and similar foreign regulatory authorities; 
 our ability to raise any additional required capital to support the commercialization on acceptable terms, or at all; 
 our ability to consistently manufacture LUMRYZ on a timely basis; 
 our ability to secure and maintain from the U.S. DEA our annual quota for LUMRYZ API; 
 our ability to successfully to develop and implement a REMS for the safe use of LUMRYZ; 
 the prevalence, duration and severity of potential side effects or other safety issues that patients may experience with LUMRYZ; 
 achieving and maintaining, and, where applicable, ensuring that our third-party contractors achieve and maintain, compliance with our contractual obligations and with all regulatory requirements applicable to LUMRYZ; 
 the differentiation of LUMRYZ from other available approved, or investigational, drugs and treatments of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy, and the willingness of physicians, operators of hospitals and clinics and patients to adopt and utilize LUMRYZ s once-at-bedtime formulation; 
 our ability to successfully develop a commercial strategy and thereafter commercialize LUMRYZ in the U.S. and internationally, if approved for marketing, sale and distribution in such countries and territories, whether alone or in collaboration with others; 
 the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from managed care plans, private insurers, government payors (such as Medicare and Medicaid and similar foreign authorities) and other third-party payors for LUMRYZ; 
 patients ability and willingness to pay out-of-pocket for LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, in the absence of coverage and/or adequate reimbursement from third-party payor; 
 acceptance by physicians, payors and patients of the benefits, safety and efficacy of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA; 
 patient demand for LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA; 
 our ability to establish and enforce intellectual property rights in and to LUMRYZ; and 
 our ability to avoid third-party patent interference, intellectual property challenges or intellectual property infringement claims. 
 
 These factors, many of which are beyond our control, could cause us to experience significant delays or an inability to obtain regulatory approvals or commercialize LUMRYZ. Even if regulatory approvals are obtained, we may never be able to successfully commercialize LUMRYZ. Accordingly, we cannot provide assurances that we will be able to generate sufficient revenue through the sale of LUMRYZ to continue our business or achieve profitability. 
 
 Our lead product candidate and future product candidates may not reach the commercial market for a number of reasons. 
 -27- 

Drug development is an inherently uncertain process with a high risk of failure at every stage of development. Successful research and development of pharmaceutical products is difficult, expensive and time consuming. Many product candidates fail to reach the market. Our success will depend on the development and the successful commercialization of new drugs and products that utilize our drug delivery technologies. 
 
 Even if our product candidates and current drug delivery technologies appear promising during development, there may not be successful commercial applications developed for them for a number of reasons, including: 
 
 the FDA, the European Medicines Agency EMA ), the competent authority of a European Union EU Member State or an IRB, or an Ethics Committee (EU equivalent to IRB), or our partners may delay or halt applicable clinical trials; 
 we or our partners may face slower than expected rate of patient recruitment and enrollment in clinical trials, or may devote insufficient funding to the clinical trials; 
 our drug delivery technologies and drug products may be found to be ineffective or to cause harmful side effects, or may fail during any stage of pre-clinical testing or clinical trials; 
 we or our partners may find that certain products cannot be manufactured on a commercial scale and, therefore, may not be economical or feasible to produce; 
 we or our partners may face delays in completing our clinical trials due to circumstances outside of our control, including natural disasters, labor or civil unrest, global health concerns or pandemics or acts of war or terrorism; or 
 our lead product candidate and future product candidates could fail to obtain regulatory approval or, if approved, could fail to achieve market acceptance, could fail to be included within the pricing and reimbursement schemes of the U.S. or EU Member States, or could be precluded from commercialization by proprietary rights of third parties. 
 
 If we are not able to use the 505(b)(2) regulatory approval pathway for the regulatory approval of LUMRYZ or if the FDA requires additional clinical or nonclinical data to support an NDA under Section 505(b)(2) than we previously anticipated, it will likely take significantly longer, cost significantly more and be significantly more complicated to gain FDA approval for LUMRYZ, and in any case may not be successful. 
 
 We submitted an NDA to the FDA for LUMRYZ for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy in December 2020 through the Section 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway. The Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984, also known as the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, added Section 505(b)(2) to the FDCA. In general, Section 505(b)(2) allows an applicant to rely on the FDA s prior findings of safety or effectiveness for a listed drug only to the extent that the proposed product in the 505(b)(2) application shares common characteristics with the listed drug, or on published literature that the applicant believes supports the safety or efficacy of its proposed product but for which it does not have a right of reference for the underlying data. The 505(b)(2) application must include sufficient data to support differences between the listed drug and the proposed drug in the 505(b)(2) application. If the FDA does not agree that the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway is appropriate or scientifically justified for LUMRYZ, we may need to conduct additional clinical trials, provide additional data and information and meet additional standards for regulatory approval. Specifically, the FDA may not agree that we have provided a scientific bridge, through, for example, comparative bioavailability data, to demonstrate that reliance on the prior findings of safety or efficacy for a listed drug is justified. Although the active ingredient in LUMRYZ, sodium oxybate, is approved for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in patients 7 years of age and older with narcolepsy, it has not previously been approved or demonstrated to be safe for once-at-bedtime administration in these indications. If we are unable to establish a bridge between LUMRYZ and the listed drug upon which we rely to demonstrate that such reliance is justified, we may be required to show safety and efficacy through one or more additional clinical trials. In addition, if we are unable to utilize the 505(b)(2) pathway, the time and financial resources required to obtain FDA approval for LUMRYZ would likely increase substantially. Moreover, the inability to utilize the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway could result in new competitive products reaching the market faster than LUMRYZ, which could materially adversely impact its competitive position and prospects. 
 
 Even if we are successful in pursuing the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway for LUMRYZ, we cannot assure you that we will receive the requisite or timely approval for commercialization of LUMRYZ. Although the Section 505(b)(2) pathway allows us to rely in part on the FDA s prior findings of safety or efficacy for approved listed drugs or on published literature for which we do not have a right of reference, the FDA may determine that prior findings by the FDA or the published literature that we believe supports the safety or efficacy of LUMRYZ is insufficient or not applicable to our application or that additional studies will need to be conducted. To the extent that we are relying on the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway based on the approval of a 
 -28- 

listed drug for a similar indication, the FDA may require that we include in the labeling of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, some or all of the safety information that is included in the labeling of the approved listed drug. For example, the labels of current FDA-approved sodium oxybate products include a black box warning regarding risks of central nervous system depression and abuse and misuse. Moreover, even if LUMRYZ is granted final approval by the FDA via the 505(b)(2) regulatory pathway, the approval may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or to other conditions of approval, or may contain requirements for costly post-marketing testing and surveillance to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product, such as a REMS, which is a risk mitigation plan which could include medication guides, physician communication plans, or elements to assure safe use ETASU ), such as restricted distribution methods, patient registries and other risk minimization tools. 
 
 Our business depends heavily on our ability to successfully commercialize LUMRYZ in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions where we may obtain marketing approval. There is no assurance that our commercialization efforts with respect to LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, will be successful or that we will be able to generate revenues at the levels or on the timing we expect, or at levels or on the timing necessary to support our goals. 
 
 Our business currently depends heavily on our ability to successfully commercialize LUMRYZ for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy in the U.S. and in other jurisdictions where we may obtain marketing approval. Even if we obtain marketing approval for LUMRYZ, we may never be able to successfully commercialize our product or meet our expectations with respect to revenues. There is no guarantee that the infrastructure, systems, processes, policies, relationships, and materials we are building for the commercialization of LUMRYZ in the U.S., or that we may build for other jurisdictions where we may obtain marketing approval, will be sufficient for us to achieve success at the levels we expect. If we are unable to establish adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third parties, or if we are unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects will be materially adversely affected. We may encounter issues, delays or other challenges in launching or commercializing LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA. For example, our results may be negatively impacted if we have not adequately sized our field teams or if our targeting strategy is inadequate or if we encounter deficiencies or inefficiencies in our infrastructure or processes. 
 
 We may encounter issues and challenges in commercializing LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, and generating sufficient revenues to result in a profit. We may also encounter challenges related to reimbursement of LUMRYZ, including potential limitations in the scope, breadth, availability, or amount of reimbursement covering LUMRYZ. Similarly, healthcare settings or patients may determine that the financial burdens of treatment are not acceptable. We may face other limitations or issues related to the price of LUMRYZ. Our results may also be negatively impacted if we have not adequately sized our field teams or our physician segmentation and targeting strategy is inadequate or if we encounter deficiencies or inefficiencies in our infrastructure or processes. Other factors that may hinder our ability to successfully commercialize LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, and generate sufficient revenues to result in a profit, include: 
 
 the acceptance of LUMRYZ by patients and the medical community; 
 the ability of our third-party manufacturer(s) to manufacture commercial supplies of LUMRYZ in sufficient quantities at acceptable costs, to remain in good standing with regulatory agencies, maintain applicable registrations and licenses, and to maintain commercially viable manufacturing processes that are, to the extent required, compliant with cGMP regulations; 
 our ability to remain compliant with laws and regulations that apply to us and our commercial activities; 
 FDA- or other foreign regulatory agency-mandated package insert requirements and successful completion of any related FDA or other foreign regulatory agency post-marketing requirements, including a REMS; 
 the actual market size for LUMRYZ, which may be different than expected; 
 the length of time that patients who are prescribed our drug remain on treatment; 
 the sufficiency of our drug supply to meet commercial demand which could be negatively impacted if our projections regarding the potential number of patients are inaccurate, we are subject to unanticipated regulatory requirements, or our current drug supply is destroyed, or negatively impacted at our manufacturing sites, storage sites, or in transit; 
 our ability to effectively complete with other therapies; and 
 our ability to maintain, enforce, and defend third party challenges to our intellectual property rights in and to LUMRYZ. 
 
 Any of these issues could impair our ability to successfully commercialize our product, if approved, or to generate sufficient revenues to result in a profit or to meet our expectations with respect to the amount or timing of revenues or profits. Any issues or hurdles related to our commercialization efforts may materially adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition, and prospects. Even if granted final approval, there is no guarantee that we will be successful in our commercialization efforts with respect to LUMRYZ. We may also experience significant fluctuations in sales of LUMRYZ 
 -29- 

from period to period and, ultimately, we may never generate sufficient revenues from LUMRYZ to reach or maintain profitability or sustain our anticipated levels of operations. On March 29, 2023, we executed a royalty purchase agreement with RTW Investments, L.P. RTW that could provide us up to 75,000 of royalty financing (the Royalty Purchase Agreement ). Even if we are able to successfully commercialize LUMRYZ, certain obligations we have to third parties, including, without limitation, our obligation to pay RTW royalties on certain LUMRYZ revenues under the Royalty Purchase Agreement, may reduce the profitability. Any inability on our part to successfully commercialize LUMRYZ in the U.S. and any other international markets where it may be approved or any significant delay, could have a material adverse impact on our ability to execute upon our business strategy. 
 
 Clinical development of drugs is costly and time-consuming, and the outcomes are uncertain. A failure to prove that LUMRYZ is safe and effective in clinical trials could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Clinical trials are expensive and can take many years to complete, and the outcome is uncertain. Failure can occur at any time during the clinical trial process. The results of preclinical studies and early clinical trials of product candidates may not be predictive of the results of later-stage clinical trials. Product candidates in later stages of clinical trials may fail to show the desired safety and efficacy traits despite having progressed through preclinical studies and initial clinical testing. For example, we are currently conducting the RESTORE study to examine the long-term safety and maintenance of efficacy of LUMRYZ in patients with narcolepsy who participated in our REST-ON trial, as well as dosing and preference data for patients switching from twice-nightly sodium oxybate to once-at-bedtime LUMRYZ regardless if they participated in REST-ON or not. In May 2021, inclusion criteria were expanded to allow for oxybate na ve patients to enter the study. If any participants in the RESTORE study report any serious adverse events that are deemed to be related to LUMRYZ or if LUMRYZ is not observed to have long-term efficacy, our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects could be material and adversely affected. 
 
 In addition to issues relating to the results generated in clinical trials, clinical trials can be delayed or halted for a variety of reasons, including delay or failure in: 
 
 obtaining regulatory approval to commence a trial; 
 reaching agreement on acceptable terms with prospective contract research organizations CROs and clinical trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 
 obtaining institutional review board or ethics committee approval at each site; 
 recruiting suitable patients to participate in a trial; 
 having patients complete a trial or return for post-treatment follow-up; 
 clinical sites dropping out of a trial; 
 adding new sites; or 
 obtaining clinical materials or manufacturing sufficient quantities of LUMRYZ for use in clinical trials. 
 
 We have limited experience as a commercial drug company targeting an orphan drug disease and the marketing and sale of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, may be unsuccessful or less successful than anticipated. 
 
 We have limited experience as a commercial drug company targeting an orphan disease and there is limited information about our ability to successfully overcome many of the risks and uncertainties encountered by companies commercializing drugs in the biopharmaceutical industry. To execute our business plan, in addition to successfully obtaining marketing approval and marketing and selling LUMRYZ, we will need to successfully: 
 
 establish and maintain our relationships with healthcare providers who will be treating the patients who may receive our drug; 
 obtain adequate pricing and reimbursement for LUMRYZ; 
 develop and maintain successful strategic alliances; and 
 manage our spending as costs and expenses increase due to marketing approvals and commercialization in multiple jurisdictions, if granted final approval by the FDA. 
 
 If we are unsuccessful in accomplishing these objectives, we may not be able to successfully commercialize LUMRYZ, raise capital, expand our business or continue our operations. 
 
 -30- 

Our relationships with healthcare providers, physicians, prescribers, purchasers, third-party payors, charitable organizations and patients will be subject to applicable anti-kickback, fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, which could expose us to criminal sanctions, civil penalties, contractual damages, reputational harm and diminished profits and future earnings. 
 
 Healthcare providers, physicians and third-party payors in the United States and elsewhere play a primary role in the recommendation and prescription of biotechnology and biopharmaceutical products. Arrangements with third-party payors and customers can expose biotechnology and biopharmaceutical manufacturers to broadly applicable fraud and abuse and other healthcare laws and regulations, including, without limitation, the federal Anti-Kickback Statute AKS ), and the federal False Claims Act FCA ), which may constrain the business or financial arrangements and relationships through which such companies sell, market and distribute biotechnology and biopharmaceutical products. In particular, the research of our product candidates, as well as the promotion, sales and marketing of healthcare items and services, as well as certain business arrangements in the healthcare industry, are subject to extensive laws designed to prevent fraud, kickbacks, self-dealing and other abusive practices. These laws and regulations may restrict or prohibit a wide range of pricing, discounting, marketing and promotion, structuring and commission(s), certain customer incentive programs and other business arrangements generally. Activities subject to these laws also involve the improper use of information obtained in the course of patient recruitment for clinical trials. See the section entitled, Business Government Regulation Healthcare laws . 
 
 The distribution of biopharmaceutical products is subject to additional requirements and regulations, including extensive record-keeping, licensing, storage and security requirements intended to prevent the unauthorized sale of biopharmaceutical products. 
 
 The scope and enforcement of each of these laws is uncertain and subject to rapid change in the current environment of healthcare reform, especially in light of the lack of applicable precedent and regulations. Federal and state enforcement bodies have recently increased their scrutiny of interactions between healthcare companies and healthcare providers, which has led to a number of investigations, prosecutions, convictions and settlements in the healthcare industry. 
 
 Ensuring that our internal operations and future business arrangements with third parties comply with applicable healthcare laws and regulations will involve substantial costs. It is possible that governmental authorities will conclude that our business practices do not comply with current or future statutes, regulations, agency guidance or case law involving applicable fraud and abuse or other healthcare laws and regulations. If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the laws described above or any other governmental laws and regulations that may apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including administrative, civil and criminal penalties, damages, fines, disgorgement, the exclusion from participation in federal and state healthcare programs, individual imprisonment, reputational harm, and the curtailment or restructuring of our operations, as well as additional reporting obligations and oversight if we become subject to a corporate integrity agreement or other agreement to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws. Further, defending against any such actions can be costly and time consuming, and may require significant financial and personnel resources. Therefore, even if we are successful in defending against any such actions that may be brought against us, our business may be impaired. If any of the physicians or other providers or entities with whom we expect to do business are found to not be in compliance with applicable laws, they may be subject to criminal, civil or administrative sanctions, including exclusions from government funded healthcare programs and imprisonment. If any of the above occur, our ability to operate our business and our results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Coverage and reimbursement may be limited or unavailable in certain market segments for our product candidates, if approved, which could make it difficult for us to sell any product candidates profitably. 
 
 The success of our product candidates, if approved, depends on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors. We cannot be sure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for, or accurately estimate the potential revenue from, our product candidates or assure that coverage and reimbursement will be available for any product that we may develop. See the sections entitled, Business Government Regulation Coverage and Reimbursement and Business Government Regulation Healthcare Laws . 
 
 Patients who are provided medical treatment for their conditions generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with their treatment. Coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental healthcare programs, such as Medicare and Medicaid, and commercial payors is critical to new product acceptance. 
 
 Government authorities and other third-party payors, such as private health insurers and health maintenance organizations, decide which drugs and treatments they will cover and the amount of reimbursement. Coverage and reimbursement by a third-party depend upon a number of factors. 
 -31- 

In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for products exists among third-party payors. As a result, obtaining coverage and reimbursement approval of a product from a government or other third-party payor is a time-consuming and costly process that could require us to provide to each payor supporting scientific, clinical and cost-effectiveness data for the use of our products on a payor-by-payor basis, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. In the United States, the principal decisions about reimbursement for new medicines are typically made by the CMS. CMS decides whether and to what extent a new medicine will be covered and reimbursed under Medicare and private payors tend to follow CMS to a substantial degree. Even if we obtain coverage for a given product, the resulting reimbursement payment rates might not be adequate for us to achieve or sustain profitability or may require co-payments that patients find unacceptably high. Additionally, third-party payors may not cover, or provide adequate reimbursement for, long-term follow-up evaluations required following the use of product candidates, once approved. Patients are unlikely to use our product candidates, once approved, unless coverage is provided and reimbursement is adequate to cover a significant portion of their cost. There is significant uncertainty related to insurance coverage and reimbursement of newly approved products. It is difficult to predict at this time what third-party payors will decide with respect to the coverage and reimbursement for our product candidates. 
 
 Net prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs or private payors and by any future relaxation of laws that presently restrict imports of drugs from countries where they may be sold at lower prices than in the United States. Increasingly, third-party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. We cannot be sure that reimbursement will be available for any product candidate that we commercialize and, if reimbursement is available, the level of reimbursement. In addition, many pharmaceutical manufacturers must calculate and report certain price reporting metrics to the government, such as average sales price and best price. Penalties may apply in some cases when such metrics are not submitted accurately and timely. Further, these prices for drugs may be reduced by mandatory discounts or rebates required by government healthcare programs. Payment methodologies may be subject to changes in healthcare legislation and regulatory initiatives. 
 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and other third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the U.S. with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. 
 
 We expect that healthcare reform measures that may be adopted in the future may result in more rigorous coverage criteria and in additional downward pressure on the price that we receive for any approved product. The implementation of cost containment measures or other healthcare reforms may prevent us from being able to generate revenue, attain profitability, or commercialize our products. Legislative and regulatory proposals have been made to expand post-approval requirements and restrict sales and promotional activities for pharmaceutical products. We cannot be sure whether additional legislative changes will be enacted, or whether the FDA regulations, guidance or interpretations will be changed, or what the impact of such changes on the marketing approvals or clearances of our product candidates, if any, may be. It is also possible that additional governmental action is taken in response to the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 In addition, in some foreign countries, the proposed pricing for a drug must be approved before it may be lawfully marketed. The requirements governing drug pricing vary widely from country to country. For example, the EU provides options for its Member States to restrict the range of medicinal products for which their national health insurance systems provide reimbursement and to control the prices of medicinal products for human use. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval, some of these countries may require the completion of clinical trials that compare the cost effectiveness of a particular product candidate to currently available therapies. A Member State may approve a specific price for the medicinal product, or it may instead adopt a system of direct or indirect controls on the profitability of the company placing the medicinal product on the market. There can be no assurance that any country that has price controls or reimbursement limitations for pharmaceutical products will allow favorable reimbursement and pricing arrangements for any of our product candidates. Historically, products launched in the European Union do not follow price structures of the U.S. and generally prices tend to be significantly lower. 
 
 Ongoing healthcare legislative and regulatory reform measures may have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. 
 -32- 

Changes in regulations, statutes or the interpretation of existing regulations could impact our business in the future by requiring, for example, changes to our manufacturing arrangements; additions or modifications to product labeling; the recall or discontinuation of our products; or additional record-keeping requirements. If any such changes were to be imposed, they could adversely affect the operation of our business. If we are slow or unable to adapt to changes in existing requirements or the adoption of new requirements or policies, or if we are not able to maintain regulatory compliance, we may lose any marketing approval that we may have obtained, and we may not achieve or sustain profitability. See the section entitled, Business Government Regulation Healthcare Reform . 
 
 Moreover, increasing efforts by governmental and third-party payors in the United States and abroad to cap or reduce healthcare costs may cause such organizations to limit both coverage and the level of reimbursement for newly approved products and, as a result, they may not cover or provide adequate payment for our product candidates. There has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the U.S. with respect to specialty drug pricing practices. Specifically, there have been several recent U.S. Congressional inquiries and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to drug pricing, reduce the cost of prescription drugs under Medicare, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drugs. 
 
 At the state level, legislatures are increasingly passing legislation and implementing regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biologic product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. Legally mandated price controls on payment amounts by third-party payors or other restrictions could harm our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. In addition, regional healthcare authorities and individual hospitals are increasingly using bidding procedures to determine what pharmaceutical products and which suppliers will be included in their prescription drug and other healthcare programs. This could reduce the ultimate demand for our drugs or put pressure on our drug pricing, which could negatively affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. 
 
 These laws, and future state and federal healthcare reform measures may be adopted in the future, any of which may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding and otherwise affect the prices we may obtain for any of our product candidates for which we may obtain regulatory approval or the frequency with which any such product candidate is prescribed or used. Additionally, we expect to experience pricing pressures in connection with the sale of any future approved product candidates due to the trend toward managed healthcare, the increasing influence of health maintenance organizations, cost containment initiatives and additional legislative changes. 
 
 LUMRYZ, if successfully developed and approved, may cause undesirable side effects that limit the commercial profile or result in other significant negative consequences for approved products; or delay or prevent further development or regulatory approval with respect to product candidates or new indications, or cause regulatory authorities to require labeling statements, such as boxed warnings. 
 
 Undesirable side effects caused by LUMRYZ, if successfully developed and approved, could limit the commercial profile of LUMRYZ or result in significant negative consequences such as a more restrictive label or other limitations or restrictions. Undesirable side effects caused by LUMRYZ could cause us or regulatory authorities to interrupt, delay or halt non-clinical studies and clinical trials or could result in a more restrictive label or the delay or denial of regulatory approval by the FDA or other regulatory authorities. 
 
 Clinical trials by their nature utilize a sample of the potential patient population. With a limited number of patients and limited duration of exposure, certain side effects of LUMRYZ may only be uncovered with a significantly larger number of patients exposed to the drug, and those side effects could be serious or life-threatening. If we or others identify undesirable side effects caused by LUMRYZ (or any other similar drugs), a number of potentially significant negative consequences could result, including: 
 
 regulatory authorities may withdraw or limit their marketing approval of such drugs; 
 regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, such as a boxed warning or additions to an existing boxed warning, or a contraindication, including as a result of inclusion in a class of drugs for a particular disease; 
 regulatory authorities may refuse to approve label expansions for additional indications for any approved drugs; 
 -33- 

we may be required to change the way such drugs are distributed or administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of the drugs; 
 regulatory authorities may require a modification of an existing REMS to mitigate risks; 
 we may be subject to regulatory investigations and government enforcement actions; 
 we may decide to remove LUMRYZ from the marketplace; 
 we could be sued and held liable for injury caused to individuals exposed to or taking LUMRYZ; and 
 our reputation may suffer. 
 
 Any of these events could prevent us from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, and could substantially increase the costs of commercializing LUMRYZ and significantly impact our ability to successfully commercialize LUMRYZ and generate revenues. 
 
 We may incur significant liability if governmental authorities allege or determine that we are engaging in commercial activities or promoting LUMRYZ in a way that violates applicable regulations. 
 
 Physicians have the discretion to prescribe drug products for uses that are not described in the product s labeling and that differ from those approved by the FDA or other applicable regulatory agencies. Off-label uses are common across medical specialties. Although the FDA and other regulatory agencies do not regulate a physician s choice of treatments, the FDA and other regulatory agencies regulate a manufacturer s communications regarding off-label use and prohibit off-label promotion, as well as the dissemination of false or misleading labeling or promotional materials. Manufacturers may not promote drugs for off-label uses. Accordingly, if LUMRYZ is granted final approval by the FDA, we may not promote LUMRYZ in the U.S. for any indications other than its FDA-approved indication. The FDA and other regulatory and enforcement authorities actively enforce laws and regulations prohibiting promotion of off-label uses and the promotion of products for which marketing approval has not been obtained. A company that is found to have improperly promoted off-label uses, including promoting unapproved dosing regimens, may be subject to significant liability, which may include civil and administrative remedies as well as criminal sanctions. 
 
 Notwithstanding regulations related to product promotion, the FDA and other regulatory authorities allow companies to engage in truthful, non-misleading, and non-promotional scientific exchange concerning their products. We currently, and intend to increasingly, engage in medical education activities and communicate with healthcare providers in compliance with all applicable laws and regulatory guidance. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of LUMRYZ in one jurisdiction does not mean that we will be successful in obtaining regulatory approval of LUMRYZ in other jurisdictions. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining regulatory approval of LUMRYZ in one jurisdiction does not guarantee that we will be able to obtain or maintain regulatory approval in any other jurisdiction, while a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one jurisdiction may have a negative effect on the regulatory approval process in others. For example, even if the FDA grants marketing approval of LUMRYZ, comparable regulatory authorities in foreign jurisdictions must also approve LUMRYZ in those countries. Approval procedures vary among jurisdictions and can involve requirements and administrative review periods different from, and greater than, those in the U.S., including additional preclinical studies or clinical trials, as clinical trials conducted in one jurisdiction may not be accepted by regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions. In many jurisdictions outside the U.S., a product candidate must be approved for reimbursement before it can be approved for sale in that jurisdiction. In some cases, the price that we intend to charge for our products is also subject to approval. Obtaining foreign regulatory approvals and compliance with foreign regulatory requirements could result in significant delays, difficulties and costs for us and could delay or prevent the introduction of LUMRYZ in certain countries. If we fail to comply with the regulatory requirements in international markets or receive applicable marketing approvals, our market will be reduced and our ability to realize the full market potential of LUMRYZ will be harmed. 
 
 Laws and regulations governing international operations we have and may expand in the future may preclude us from developing, manufacturing, and selling certain product candidates and products outside of the U.S. and require us to develop and implement costly compliance programs. 
 
 As we seek to expand our operations outside of the U.S., we must dedicate additional resources to comply with numerous laws and regulations in each jurisdiction in which we plan to operate. The Foreign Corrupt Practices Act FCPA prohibits any U.S. individual or business from paying, offering, authorizing payment, or offering anything of value, directly or indirectly, to any foreign official, political party, or candidate for the purpose of influencing any act or decision of such third party in order to assist the individual or business in obtaining or retaining business. The FCPA also obligates companies whose securities are listed in the U.S. to comply with certain accounting provisions requiring the company to maintain books and records that 
 -34- 

accurately and fairly reflect all transactions of the company, including international subsidiaries, and to devise and maintain an adequate system of internal accounting controls for international operations. 
 
 Compliance with the FCPA is expensive and difficult, particularly in countries in which corruption is a recognized problem. In addition, the FCPA presents particular challenges in the pharmaceutical industry, because, in many countries, hospitals are operated by the government, and doctors and other hospital employees are considered foreign officials. Certain payments to hospitals in connection with clinical trials and other work have been deemed to be improper payments to government officials and have led to FCPA enforcement actions. Similar laws in other countries, such as the U.K. Bribery Act 2010, may apply to our operations. 
 
 Various laws, regulations, and executive orders also restrict the use and dissemination outside of the U.S., or the sharing with certain non-U.S. nationals, of information classified for national security purposes, as well as certain products and technical data relating to those products. As we expand our presence outside of the U.S. in key European markets, we must dedicate additional resources to comply with these laws, and such laws may preclude us from developing, manufacturing, or selling certain product candidates and products outside of the U.S., which could limit our growth potential and increase our development costs. 
 
 The failure to comply with laws governing international business practices may result in substantial civil and criminal penalties and suspension or debarment from government contracting. The SEC also may suspend or bar issuers from trading securities on U.S. exchanges for violations of the FCPA's accounting provisions. 
 
 Governments outside of the U.S. tend to impose strict price controls, which may adversely affect our revenues, if any. 
 
 In some countries, particularly the countries of Europe, the pricing of prescription pharmaceuticals is subject to governmental control. In these countries, pricing negotiations with governmental authorities can take considerable time after the receipt of marketing authorization for a product. To obtain reimbursement or pricing approval in some countries, we may be required to conduct a clinical trial that compares the cost-effectiveness of our product candidate to other available therapies. If we seek approval for our lead product candidate or future product candidates outside of the U.S. and reimbursement of our lead product candidate or future product candidates is unavailable or limited in scope or amount, or if pricing is set at unsatisfactory levels, our business could be harmed. 
 
 Failure to comply with domestic and international privacy and security laws could result in the imposition of significant civil and criminal penalties. 
 
 The costs of compliance with privacy and security laws, including protecting electronically stored information from cyber-attacks, and potential liability associated with any compliance failures could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. We are subject to various domestic and international privacy and security regulations, including but not limited to HIPAA and the General Data Protection Regulation GDPR (Regulation EU 2016/679). HIPAA mandates, among other things, the adoption of uniform standards for the electronic exchange of information in common healthcare transactions, as well as standards relating to the privacy and security of individually identifiable health information, which require the adoption of administrative, physical and technical safeguards to protect such information. In addition, many U.S. states have enacted comparable laws addressing the privacy and security of health information, some of which are more stringent than HIPAA. GDPR requires us to ensure personal data collected by us is gathered legally and under strict conditions and to protect such personal data from misuse and exploitation. If we fail to comply with HIPAA, GDPR or other similar laws, we will face significant fines and penalties that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Financial Position and Capital Requirements 
 
 We incurred a net loss in 2022 and we will likely incur a net loss in 2023, and if we are not able to achieve profitability in the future, the value of our shares may fall. 
 
 We incurred a net loss of 137,464 for the year ended December 31, 2022. We do not expect to become profitable in the near future and may never achieve profitability. The amount of our future net losses or net profitability will depend, in part, on the rate of our future expenditures and our ability to recognize revenues from the commercialization of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA. We have devoted significant financial resources to research and development, including our clinical development activities, and the pursuit of regulatory approval for LUMRYZ. If we obtain marketing approval, our future revenues will depend upon the size of any markets in which LUMRYZ and any future products have received approval, and our ability to achieve sufficient market acceptance, reimbursement from third-party payors and adequate market share for our 
 -35- 

product and any future products in those markets. In addition, we are in the process of building a sales organization and supporting commercial infrastructure and, accordingly, we will incur significant expenses in advance of generating any commercial product sales. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with developing pharmaceutical products, we are unable to predict the extent of any future losses or when we will become profitable, if at all. Our ability to operate profitably depends upon a number of factors, many of which are beyond our direct control. These factors include: 
 
 the timely receipt of approval from the FDA for the commercialization of LUMRYZ; 
 our ability to obtain, build and expand manufacturing capacity, including capacity at third-party manufacturers; 
 the effectiveness of our sales and marketing strategy; 
 the demand and market size for LUMRYZ; 
 the level of product and price competition for LUMRYZ; 
 our ability to develop new partnerships and additional commercial applications for LUMRYZ and any future product candidates; 
 our ability to control our costs; 
 the initiation of additional research, preclinical, clinical or other programs as we seek to identify and validate additional product candidates; 
 our ability to acquire or in-license other product candidates and technologies; 
 our ability to maintain, protect and expand our intellectual property portfolio; 
 general economic conditions. 
 
 Even if the FDA grants final approval of our NDA for LUMRYZ, we may never recognize revenue in amounts sufficient to achieve and maintain profitability. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter and year to year, such that a period-to-period comparison of our results of operations may not be a good indication of our future performance. In any particular quarter or quarters, our operating results could be below the expectations of securities analysts or investors, which could cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 We will require additional financing to repay the outstanding 21,187 aggregate principal amount of our October 2023 Notes and to develop and commercialize our product candidate and implement our operating plans, which may not be available on favorable terms or at all, and which may result in dilution of the equity interest of the holders of ADSs. 
 
 We do not currently have sufficient available liquidity to repay the outstanding 21,187 aggregate principal amount of our October 2023 Notes, and we are evaluating various financing strategies to obtain sufficient additional liquidity to meet our operating, debt service and capital requirements for the next twelve months following the date of this Annual Report. The potential sources of financing that we are evaluating include one or any combination of royalty financing, secured or unsecured debt, convertible debt and equity. In addition, our financing strategy could include refinancing or negotiating new terms for the October 2023 Notes. We also currently have authorized and available for use our at-the-market ATM offering program. 
 
 We also expect to require additional financing to fund the development and commercialization of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, and possible acquisition of new products and businesses. We may consume available resources more rapidly than currently anticipated, resulting in the need for additional funding. Any additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from their day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize LUMRYZ , if granted final approval by the FDA . If we cannot obtain financing when needed, or obtain it on favorable terms, we may be required to curtail our plans to continue to develop drug delivery technologies, develop new products, or acquire additional products and businesses. Other factors that will affect future capital requirements and may require us to seek additional financing include: 
 
 the development and acquisition of new products and drug delivery technologies; 
 the progress of our research and product development programs; and 
 the timing of, and amounts received from, future product sales, product development fees and licensing revenue and royalties. 
 
 If adequate funds are not available, we may be required to significantly reduce or refocus our product development efforts, resulting in loss of sales, increased costs and reduced revenues. Alternatively, to obtain needed funds for acquisitions or operations, we may seek to issue additional ADSs representing our ordinary shares, or issue equity-linked debt, or we may choose to issue preferred shares, in either case through public or private financings. Additional funds may not be available on terms that are favorable to us and, in the case of such equity or equity-linked financings, may result in dilution to the holders of ADSs. We could also be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners and we may be required to relinquish rights to some of our product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us, any of which may have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. 
 -36- 

We may be required to or choose to obtain further funding through public equity or equity linked offerings, debt financings, royalty-based financing arrangements, collaborations and licensing arrangements or other sources. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity, convertible debt securities or other equity-based derivative securities, investors will be diluted and new investors could gain rights, preferences and privileges senior to the holders of our ADSs. Furthermore, the issuance of additional securities, whether equity or debt, by us, or the possibility of such issuance, may cause the market price of our ADSs to decline and existing shareholders may not agree with our financing plans or the terms of such financings. If we raise additional funds through collaborations or marketing, distribution or licensing, or royalty-based financing arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to future revenue streams or product candidates or grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. 
 
 Our ability to obtain additional financing may be limited by the terms of our financing arrangements and the provisions of Irish law. 
 
 Restrictions in our existing and future financing arrangements and mandatory provisions of Irish law may adversely affect our ability to obtain additional financing. For example, the indenture for our Notes contains covenants that limit our ability to engage in specified transactions, including prohibiting us from incurring additional secured or unsecured debt, paying dividends or redeeming equity securities. Future debt agreements or other financing arrangements may include similar or more restrictive terms that limit our ability to raise additional financing when needed. In addition, Irish law requires that our directors must have specific authority from shareholders to allot and issue new shares generally, or to issue new shares for cash to new shareholders without offering such shares to existing shareholders pro-rata to their existing holdings (including, in each case, rights to subscribe for or otherwise acquire any shares), even where such shares form part of our authorized but unissued share capital. At our 2021 annual general meeting of shareholders, our shareholders renewed such authorizations, subject to certain parameters, for a period expiring December 20, 2026. Irish law also provides that, in the event of an actual or potential takeover offer being made for us, various actions, including issuing shares, options or convertible securities, material acquisitions or disposals, entering into contracts other than in the ordinary course of business or any action, other than seeking alternative offers, may be prohibited unless approved by our shareholders or the Irish Takeover Panel. These restrictions may prevent or delay us from taking actions that we believe are in our best interest or from obtaining financing on favorable terms, in adequate amounts or at all, which may adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our net loss and use of cash in operating activities may limit our ability to fully pursue our business strategy. 
 
 We reported net loss of 137,464 in 2022. We reported cash used in operating activities of 70,304. Cash and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022 totaled 96,499. Our business strategy is to primarily focus on the development and potential final FDA approval of LUMRYZ for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy. The successful pursuit of all components of our strategy will require substantial financial resources, and there can be no assurance that our existing cash and marketable securities assets and the cash generated by our operations will be adequate for these purposes. We will likely incur a net loss in 2023 and, if we use existing cash and marketable securities, there is no guarantee that we would be able to generate additional cash through our operations or through financing. Failure to implement any component of our strategy may prevent us from achieving profitability in the future or may otherwise have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operation. 
 
 Uncertainties relating to our ability to procure additional debt, equity or other financing prior to the maturity of our outstanding exchangeable senior notes raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated shareholders deficit of approximately 21,145 and approximately 73,981 of cash and cash equivalents and 22,518 of marketable securities available for use to fund our operations and capital requirements. Within twelve months of the date of this Annual Report, our interest and principal payments of 21,187 aggregate principal amount of our October 2023 Notes that was not exchanged and maintains a maturity date of October 2, 2023 will fall due. We do not currently have sufficient available liquidity to repay the outstanding balance of the 21,187 aggregate principal amount of our October 2023 Notes. Consequently, absent further actions by the Company, these matters raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that the financial statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are issued. 
 
 We are evaluating various financing strategies to obtain sufficient additional liquidity to meet our operating, debt service and capital requirements for the next twelve months following the date of this Annual Report. The potential sources of financing that we are evaluating include one or any combination of royalty financing, secured or unsecured debt, convertible debt and equity. We also currently have authorized and available the use of ATM offering program 
 
 -37- 

We have a recent history of generating losses and negative cash flows from operations. Our ability to generate revenue is expected to start following the launch of LUMRYZ, which is dependent, in part, on final approval of LUMRYZ by the FDA. Our audited financial statements have been prepared under the assumption that we will continue as a going concern for the next twelve months. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent upon our ability to obtain additional debt, equity or other financing or otherwise address the upcoming maturities of our outstanding exchangeable senior notes. Based on our ability to raise funds through the ATM offering program and its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022, we have concluded that it is probable that such proceeds would provide sufficient additional capital to meet our operating, debt service and capital requirements for the next twelve months following the date of this Annual Report. As a result, we have concluded that management s plans are probable of being achieved to alleviate the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 Our potential inability to continue as a going concern in future years could materially adversely affect our share price and our ability to raise new capital or enter into strategic alliances. Furthermore, we also could be required to seek funds through arrangements with collaborative partners or otherwise that may require us to relinquish rights to some of our intellectual property or product candidates or otherwise agree to terms unfavorable to us. 
 
 Risks Related to Regulation 
 
 The distribution and sale of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, will be subject to significant regulatory restrictions, including the requirements of a REMS and safety reporting requirements, and these regulatory requirements will subject us to risks and uncertainties, any of which could negatively impact sales of LUMRYZ. 
 
 The API of LUMRYZ is a form of gamma-hydroxybutyric acid, GHB ), a central nervous system depressant known to be associated with facilitated sexual assault as well as with respiratory depression and other serious side effects. As a result, the FDA requires that sponsors of sodium oxybate products, such as LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, maintain a REMS to help ensure that the benefits of the drug outweigh the serious risks of the drug. If granted final approval by the FDA, the agency will require a REMS for LUMRYZ, which, among other requirements, will impose controls and restrictions on the distribution of the product. Any failure to demonstrate our substantial compliance with such REMS obligations, including as a result of business or other interruptions resulting from the evolving effects of the COVID-19 pandemic, or a determination by the FDA that the REMS is not meeting its goals, could result in enforcement action by the FDA, lead to changes in our REMS obligations, negatively affect sales of LUMRYZ, result in additional costs and expenses for us or require us to invest a significant amount of resources, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 We cannot predict whether the FDA will request, seek to require or ultimately require modifications to, or impose additional requirements on, the REMS for LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA. Any modifications approved, required or rejected by the FDA could change the safety profile of LUMRYZ, and have a significant negative impact in terms of product liability, public acceptance of LUMRYZ for treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy, and prescribers willingness to prescribe, and patients willingness to take, LUMRYZ, any of which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Modifications approved, required or rejected by the FDA could also make it more difficult or expensive for us to distribute LUMRYZ, make distribution easier for sodium oxybate competitors, disrupt continuity of care for LUMRYZ patients or negatively affect sales of LUMRYZ. 
 
 Pharmaceutical companies, including their agents and employees, are required to monitor adverse events occurring during the use of their products and report them to the FDA. As required by the FDA, and similarly for other regulatory agencies, the adverse event information that we collect for LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, must be regularly reported to the FDA and could result in the FDA requiring changes to LUMRYZ s labeling, including additional warnings or boxed warnings, or requiring us to take other actions that could have an adverse effect on patient and prescriber acceptance of LUMRYZ. 
 
 Any failure to demonstrate our substantial compliance with a REMS required for LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, or any other applicable regulatory requirements to the satisfaction of the FDA or another regulatory authority could result in such regulatory authorities taking actions in the future which could have a material adverse effect on sodium oxybate product sales and therefore on our business, financial condition, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 
 Disruptions at the FDA, the DEA and other government agencies caused by funding shortages or global health concerns could hinder their ability to hire and retain key leadership and other personnel, prevent new products and services from being developed or commercialized in a timely manner or otherwise prevent those agencies from performing normal business functions on which the operation of our business may rely, which could negatively impact our business. 
 
 -38- 

The ability of the FDA to review and approve new products can be affected by a variety of factors, including government budget and funding levels, ability to hire and retain key personnel and accept the payment of user fees, and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. Average review times at the agency have fluctuated in recent years as a result. In addition, government funding of the SEC and other government agencies on which our operations may rely, including those that fund research and development activities, is subject to the political process, which is inherently fluid and unpredictable. 
 
 Disruptions at the FDA, DEA and other agencies may also increase the time necessary for new product candidates to be reviewed or approved by necessary government agencies, which would adversely affect our business. For example, over the last several years the U.S. government has shut down several times and certain regulatory agencies, such as the FDA and the SEC, have had to furlough critical FDA, SEC and other government employees and stop critical activities. If a prolonged government shutdown occurs, it could significantly impact the ability of the FDA to timely review and process our regulatory submissions, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. Further, future government shutdowns could impact our ability to access the public markets and obtain necessary capital in order to properly capitalize and continue our operations. 
 
 Since March 2020 when foreign and domestic inspections of facilities were largely placed on hold, the FDA has been working to resume pre-pandemic levels of inspection activities, including routine surveillance, bioresearch monitoring and pre-approval inspections. Should the FDA determine that an inspection is necessary for approval and an inspection cannot be completed during the review cycle due to restrictions on travel, and the FDA does not determine a remote interactive evaluation to be adequate, the agency has stated that it generally intends to issue, depending on the circumstances, a complete response letter or defer action on the application until an inspection can be completed. During the COVID-19 public health emergency, a number of companies announced receipt of complete response letters due to the FDA s inability to complete required inspections for their applications. Regulatory authorities outside the U.S. may adopt similar restrictions or other policy measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and may experience delays in their regulatory activities. We cannot guarantee that the FDA, DEA and other agencies, as applicable, will be able to complete any required inspections or take other necessary actions in respect to our product candidate or future product candidates. 
 
 LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, may not obtain desired regulatory exclusivities, including orphan drug exclusivity . 
 
 Under the Orphan Drug Act, as amended, the FDA may designate a drug as an orphan drug if it is intended to treat a rare disease or condition, which is defined as a patient population of fewer than 200,000 individuals in the U.S., or a patient population of 200,000 or more where there is no reasonable expectation that the cost of developing the drug for the rare disease or condition will be recovered from sales of the drug in the U.S. Generally, if a drug with orphan drug designation subsequently receives the first marketing approval for the disease or condition for which it has such designation, the drug is entitled to a period of marketing exclusivity, which precludes the FDA from approving another marketing application for the same drug for the same disease or condition for seven years, except in limited circumstances, such as if the FDA concludes that a subsequent same drug is clinically superior to the first approved orphan drug through greater safety, greater effectiveness, or a major contribution to patient care. 
 
 Although LUMRYZ obtained orphan drug designation for the treatment of narcolepsy from the FDA in January 2018, there is no guarantee that we will obtain approval or orphan drug exclusivity for LUMRYZ. Orphan drug designation does not give a product candidate any advantage in, or shorten the timeline for, the FDA regulatory review and approval process. In addition, because LUMRYZ would not be the first sodium oxybate product to be approved for the treatment of narcolepsy, we must demonstrate that LUMRYZ is clinically superior to any previously approved same drug in order to obtain orphan drug exclusivity for LUMRYZ, and we may be required to demonstrate clinical superiority for the approval and exclusivity of other product candidates in the future. However, such a demonstration may be difficult to establish, and there can be no assurance that we will be successful in these efforts. Even if we obtain orphan drug exclusivity for LUMRYZ, that exclusivity may not effectively protect LUMRYZ from competition because different drugs can be approved for the same condition. Moreover, even if we are granted final approval by the FDA, there can be no assurance that third parties will not attempt to delay or prevent commercial launch of LUMRYZ through litigation. Any orphan drug exclusive marketing rights may be lost if the FDA later determines that the request for designation was materially defective or if we are unable to assure sufficient quantity of LUMRYZ to meet the needs of patients with the particular rare disease or condition. The FDA may reevaluate its regulations and policies under the Orphan Drug Act. We do not know if, when or how the FDA may change the orphan drug regulations and policies in the future, and it is uncertain how any changes might affect our business. Depending on what changes, the FDA may make to its orphan drug regulations and policies, our business could be adversely impacted. 
 
 The API in LUMRYZ, sodium oxybate, is a controlled substance subject to U.S. federal and state controlled substance laws and regulations and applicable controlled substance legislation in other countries, and our failure, or the failure of third-parties on whom we rely, to comply with these laws and regulations, or the cost of compliance with these laws and 
 -39- 

regulations, could materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial condition and growth prospects. 
 
 LUMRYZ contains a controlled substance as defined in the CSA. Controlled substances are subject to a number of requirements and restrictions under the CSA and implementing regulations, including certain registration, security, recordkeeping, reporting, manufacturing and procurement quotas, import, export and other requirements administered by the DEA. The DEA classifies controlled substances into five schedules: Schedule I, II, III, IV or V. Schedule I substances by definition have a high potential for abuse, no currently accepted medical use in the U.S., lack accepted safety for use under medical supervision, and may not be prescribed, marketed or sold in the U.S. Pharmaceutical products approved for use in the U.S. which contain a controlled substance are listed as Schedule II, III, IV or V, with Schedule II substances considered to present the highest potential for abuse or dependence and Schedule V substances the lowest relative risk of abuse among such substances. Schedule I and II drugs are subject to the strictest controls under the CSA, including manufacturing and procurement quotas, heightened security requirements and additional criteria for importation. The API of LUMRYZ, oxybate salts, are regulated by the DEA as Schedule I controlled substances, and FDA-approved products containing oxybate salts, including sodium oxybate, are currently Schedule III. 
 
 Individual states have also established controlled substance laws and regulations. Although state-controlled substances laws often mirror federal law, they may separately schedule our product candidates. We or our partners may also be required to obtain separate state registrations, permits or licenses in order to be able to manufacture, research, distribute, import, export, administer or prescribe controlled substances for clinical trials or commercial sale, and failure to meet applicable regulatory requirements could lead to enforcement and sanctions by the states in addition to those from the DEA or otherwise arising under federal law. 
 
 U.S. facilities conducting research, manufacturing, distributing, importing or exporting, or dispensing of controlled substances must be registered (licensed) to perform these activities and must comply with the security, control, recordkeeping and reporting obligations under the CSA, DEA regulations and corresponding state requirements. DEA and state regulatory bodies conduct periodic inspections of certain registered establishments that handle controlled substances. Obtaining and maintaining the necessary registrations, obtaining and maintaining quotas and complying with the regulatory obligations may result in delay of the importation, export, manufacturing, distribution or research of our lead product candidate and our commercial product, if approved, and any future products candidates or products. Furthermore, failure to maintain compliance with the CSA and DEA and state regulations by us or any of our contractors, distributors or pharmacies can result in regulatory action that could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, if we change any third-party upon whom we rely to conduct our research, manufacturing, distributing, importing, exporting, or dispensing activities, doing so will result in additional costs and expenses and may take a significant amount of time, and we may be unsuccessful in identifying a new, satisfactory third-party, any of which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition, and results of operations. DEA and state regulatory bodies may seek civil penalties, refuse to renew necessary registrations, or initiate proceedings to restrict, suspend or revoke those registrations. In certain circumstances, violations could lead to criminal penalties. 
 
 Because LUMRYZ contains sodium oxybate, to conduct clinical trials with LUMRYZ in the U.S. prior to approval, each of our research sites must submit a research protocol to the DEA and obtain and maintain a DEA researcher registration that allows those sites to handle and dispense LUMRYZ and to obtain the product candidate. If the DEA delays or denies the grant of a researcher registration to one or more research sites, the clinical trial could be significantly delayed, and we could lose clinical trial sites. In the event the product candidate would be made outside the U.S., the importer for the clinical trials must also obtain a Schedule I importer registration and an import permit for each import. 
 
 We and our manufacturing partners in the U.S. are subject to the DEA s annual manufacturing and procurement quota requirements. Additionally, even though LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, is anticipated to be classified as Schedule III based on current applicable regulations, the active ingredient in the final dosage form, sodium oxybate, is a Schedule I controlled substance and will continue be subject to such quotas as long as it remains classified as Schedule I. The annual quota allocated to us or our U.S. manufacturing partners for sodium oxybate may not be sufficient to complete clinical trials or meet commercial demand of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA. Consequently, any delay or refusal by the DEA in establishing our, or U.S. manufacturing partner s, procurement and/or production quota for controlled substances could delay or stop our clinical trials or commercial activities, if approved, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 If granted final approval by the FDA, LUMRYZ is anticipated to be classified as a Schedule III substance based on current applicable regulations, which would allow an importer to import it for commercial purposes if it obtains the appropriate 
 -40- 

registrations and licenses from the DEA, including an importer registration and files an application for an import permit for each import. The DEA provides annual assessments/estimates to the International Narcotics Control Board, which guides the DEA in the amounts of controlled substances that the DEA authorizes to be imported. To the extent an importer is utilized for commercial purposes, failure by any current importer or future importer that we identify as an importer, if any are available, to obtain and maintain the necessary import authority from the DEA and other applicable regulatory authorities, including specific quantities, could affect the availability of LUMRYZ and have a material adverse effect on our business, results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Governments outside of the U.S. have similar controlled substance laws, regulations and requirements in their respective jurisdictions, and our failure, or the failure of third parties upon whom we rely, to comply with applicable controlled substance laws, regulations and requirements or secure necessary authorizations would result in similar risks to those described above. 
 
 We will need to obtain regulatory approval of any proposed product names for our product candidates, and any failure or delay associated with such approval may adversely impact our business. 
 
 Any name we intend to use for our product candidates will require approval from the FDA or other regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where we may seek approval regardless of whether we have secured a trademark registration from the USPTO or similar protection in other jurisdictions. The FDA and other regulatory authorities each typically conducts a review of proposed product names, including an evaluation of potential for confusion with other product names. The FDA or other regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where we may seek approval may object to any product name we submit if it believes the name inappropriately implies medical claims. If the FDA or other regulatory authorities in jurisdictions where we may seek approval objects to any of our proposed product names, we may be required to adopt an alternative name for our product candidates. There is no guarantee that we will be able to use the same proprietary name for our product candidates in each jurisdiction where we market our products, if approved. If we adopt an alternative name, we would lose the benefit of any existing trademark applications for such product candidate and may be required to expend significant additional resources in an effort to identify a suitable product name that would qualify under applicable trademark laws, not infringe the existing rights of third parties and be acceptable to the FDA or other regulatory authorities. The FDA has tentatively accepted our proprietary name for our lead product candidate, LUMRYZ. Final acceptance of a proposed proprietary name occurs as part of the final approval of the drug product. We may be unable to build a successful brand identity for a new proprietary name or trademark in a timely manner or at all, which would limit our ability to commercialize our product candidates. 
 
 Risks Related to our Reliance on Third Parties 
 
 We rely, and intend to continue to rely on single source providers for the development, manufacture and supply of LUMRYZ, and if we experience problems with these suppliers, or they fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements or to supply sufficient quantities at acceptable quality levels or prices, or at all, our business would be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Currently, we use single source providers for the development, supply of clinical materials and supply of commercial batches for our lead product candidate, LUMRYZ. We do not own or operate manufacturing facilities for clinical or commercial manufacture of LUMRYZ. We have limited personnel with experience in drug manufacturing and we lack the capabilities to manufacture LUMRYZ clinical or commercial scale. There can be no assurance that our clinical development or commercial product supplies will not be limited, interrupted, or of satisfactory quality or continue to be available at acceptable quantities or prices to meet commercial demand, if LUMRYZ is granted final approval by the FDA. If the supplies of these products or materials were interrupted for any reason, including but not limited to, natural disasters, labor or civil unrest, global health concerns or pandemics or acts of war or terrorism, delays at the manufacturer, delays related to quality control, delays related to the supply chain and the manufacturing and supply of certain products could be delayed. If the supplies of these products or materials were interrupted for any reason, our manufacturing, clinical development or commercial activities, if approved, of LUMRYZ could be delayed. These delays could be extensive and expensive, especially in situations where a substitution was not readily available or required variations of existing regulatory approvals and certifications or additional regulatory approval For example, an alternative supplier may be required to pass an inspection by the FDA, EMA or the competent authorities of EU Member States for compliance with current cGMP requirements before supplying us with product or before we may incorporate that supplier s ingredients into the manufacturing of LUMRYZ by our contract development and manufacturing organizations CDMOs ). 
 
 Additionally, our third-party suppliers may not be required to, or may be unable to, provide us with any guaranteed minimum production levels or have sufficient dedicated capacity for our drug. Failure to obtain adequate supplies in a timely manner could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 -41- 

We contract with third parties for the manufacture of LUMRYZ for clinical testing and expect to continue to do so throughout commercialization. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidate or product or such quantities at an acceptable cost, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 
 We do not currently own or operate, nor do we have any plans to establish in the future, any manufacturing facilities. We rely, and expect to continue to rely, on third parties for the manufacture of LUMRYZ for clinical testing, as well as for the commercial manufacture of our product if LUMRYZ receives marketing approval. This reliance on third parties increases the risk that we will not have sufficient quantities of our product candidate or product or such quantities at an acceptable cost or quality, which could delay, prevent or impair our development or commercialization efforts. 
 
 The facilities used by CDMOs generally must be inspected by the FDA pursuant to pre-approval inspections conducted as a part of the FDA s review of an NDA. We do not control the manufacturing process of, and will be completely dependent on, our CDMOs for compliance with cGMPs in connection with the manufacture of our product candidate. If our CDMOs cannot successfully manufacture material that conforms to our specifications and the strict regulatory requirements of the FDA or others, they will not be able to pass regulatory inspections and/or maintain regulatory compliance for their manufacturing facilities. In addition, we have no control over the ability of our CDMOs to maintain adequate quality control, quality assurance and qualified personnel. If the FDA or a comparable foreign regulatory authority finds deficiencies with or does not approve these facilities for the manufacture of our product candidate or if it finds deficiencies or withdraws any such approval in the future, we may need to find alternative manufacturing facilities, which would significantly impact our ability to develop, obtain regulatory approval for or market our product candidate, if granted final approval by the FDA. 
 
 CDMOs upon whom we rely are also required to comply with the CSA, DEA regulations and other applicable controlled substance laws, regulations and requirements in other countries, where applicable, including and those relating to licensing and registration requirements. The inability of our CDMOs to maintain compliance with applicable controlled substance laws, regulations and requirements and obtain and maintain the necessary licenses and registrations could have a material adverse effect on our business, including our clinical trials, commercial activities, if approved, financial position and results of operations. 
 
 If any CDMO with whom we contract fails to perform its obligations, we may be forced to enter into an agreement with a different CDMO, which we may not be able to do on reasonable terms, if at all. In such scenario, our clinical trials or commercial supply could be delayed significantly as we establish alternative supply sources. In some cases, the technical skills required to manufacture our product candidate or product, if approved, may be unique or proprietary to the original CDMO and we may have difficulty, or there may be contractual restrictions prohibiting us from, transferring such skills to a back-up or alternate supplier, or we may be unable to transfer such skills at all. In addition, if we are required to change CDMOs for any reason, we will be required to verify that the new CDMO maintains facilities and procedures that comply with quality standards and with all applicable regulations, including those relating to controlled substances. We will also need to verify, such as through a manufacturing comparability study, that any new manufacturing process will produce our product candidate or product according to the specifications previously submitted to or approved by the FDA or another regulatory authority. The delays associated with the verification of a new CDMO could negatively affect our ability to develop LUMRYZ or commercialize our product, if granted final approval by the FDA, in a timely manner or within budget. Furthermore, a CDMO may possess technology related to the manufacture of our product candidate or product that such CDMO owns independently. This would increase our reliance on such CDMO or require us to obtain a license from such CDMO in order to have another CDMO manufacture our product candidate or product. In addition, in the case of CDMOs that supply our product candidate, changes in manufacturers often involve changes in manufacturing procedures and processes, which could require that we conduct bridging studies between our prior clinical supply used in our clinical trials and that of any new manufacturer. We may be unsuccessful in demonstrating the comparability of clinical supplies which could require the conduct of additional clinical trials. 
 
 Further, our failure, or the failure of our third party manufacturers, to comply with applicable regulations could result in sanctions being imposed on us, including clinical holds, fines, injunctions, civil penalties, delays, suspension or withdrawal of approvals, license revocation, seizures or recalls of product candidates or products, if approved, operating restrictions and criminal prosecutions, any of which could significantly and adversely affect our business and supplies of our product candidates. 
 
 We may be unable to establish any agreements with third-party manufacturers or to do so on acceptable terms. Even if we are able to establish agreements with third-party manufacturers, reliance on third-party manufacturers entails additional risks, including: 
 
 -42- 

reliance on the third party for regulatory compliance and quality assurance; 
 the possible breach of the manufacturing agreement by the third party; 
 the possible misappropriation of our proprietary information, including our trade secrets and know-how; and 
 the possible termination or nonrenewal of the agreement by the third party at a time that is costly or inconvenient for us. 
 
 Our product candidates and any products that we may develop may compete with other product candidates and approved products for access to manufacturing facilities. There are a limited number of manufacturers that operate under cGMP regulations and that might be capable of manufacturing for us. Any performance failure on the part of our existing or future manufacturers could delay clinical development or marketing approval. If our current CDMOs cannot perform as agreed, we may be required to replace such manufacturers. We may incur added costs and delays in identifying and qualifying any such replacement. Our current and anticipated future dependence upon others for the manufacture of our product candidates or products may adversely affect our future profit margins and our ability to commercialize any products that receive marketing approval on a timely and competitive basis. 
 
 We outsource important activities to consultants, advisors and outside contractors. 
 
 We outsource many key functions of our business and therefore rely on a substantial number of consultants, advisors and outside contractors. If we are unable to effectively manage our outsourced activities or if the quality or accuracy of the services provided by such third parties is compromised for any reason, our development activities may be extended, delayed or terminated which would have an adverse effect on our development program and our business. 
 
 We depend on key personnel to execute our business plan. If we cannot attract and retain key personnel, we may not be able to successfully implement our business plan. 
 
 We are highly dependent on the expertise of Gregory Divis, our Chief Executive Officer, Thomas S. McHugh, our Chief Financial Officer, and Richard Kim, our Chief Commercial Officer, as well as the other key members of our management, legal, scientific, clinical and commercial team. Although we have entered into employment letter agreements with our executive officers, each of them may terminate their employment with us at any time. We do not maintain key person insurance for any of our executives or other employees. 
 
 Recruiting and retaining qualified scientific, clinical, manufacturing and sales and marketing personnel will also be critical to our success. The loss of the services of our executive officers or other key employees could impede the achievement of our research, development and commercialization objectives and seriously harm our ability to successfully implement our business strategy. Furthermore, replacing executive officers and key employees may be difficult and may take an extended period of time because of the limited number of individuals in our industry with the breadth of skills and experience required to successfully develop, gain regulatory approval of and commercialize drugs. Competition to hire from this limited pool is intense, and we may be unable to hire, train, retain or motivate these key personnel on acceptable terms given the competition among numerous pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies for similar personnel. We also experience competition for the hiring of scientific and clinical personnel from universities and research institutions. Failure to obtain final FDA approval for LUMRYZ may make it more challenging to recruit and retain qualified personnel. 
 
 The commercialization of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, will require us to expand our organization and we may experience difficulties in managing this growth, which could disrupt our operations. 
 
 We currently employ approximately 41 full-time employees. If LUMRYZ is granted final approval by the FDA, we expect to expand our full-time employee base to advance the commercialization of LUMRYZ in the U.S. Our management may need to divert a disproportionate amount of its attention away from our day-to-day activities and devote a substantial amount of time to managing these growth activities. We may not be able to effectively manage the expansion of our operations, which may result in weaknesses in our infrastructure, operational mistakes, loss of business opportunities, loss of employees and reduced productivity among remaining employees. Our expected growth could require significant capital expenditures and may divert financial resources from other projects, such as the development of additional product candidates. If our management is unable to effectively manage our growth, our expenses may increase more than expected, our ability to recognize and/or grow revenues could be reduced and we may not be able to implement our business strategy. Our future financial performance and our ability to commercialize LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, and compete effectively will depend, in part, on our ability to effectively manage any future growth. 
 -43- 

We rely on third parties to conduct our clinical trials, and if they do not properly and successfully perform their contractual, legal and regulatory duties, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approvals for or commercialize LUMRYZ and future product candidates. 
 
 We rely on CROs and other third parties to assist us in designing, managing, monitoring and otherwise carrying out our clinical trials, including with respect to site selection, contract negotiation and data management. We do not control these third parties and, as a result, they may not treat our clinical studies as a high priority, which could result in delays. We are responsible for confirming that each of our clinical trials is conducted in accordance with its general investigational plan and protocol, as well as the FDA s and foreign regulatory agencies requirements, commonly referred to as good clinical practices, for conducting, recording and reporting the results of clinical trials to ensure that the data and results are credible and accurate and that the trial participants are adequately protected. The FDA and foreign. regulatory agencies enforce good clinical practices through periodic inspections of trial sponsors, principal investigators and trial sites. If we, CROs or other third parties assisting us or our study sites fail to comply with applicable good clinical practices, the clinical data generated in our clinical trials may be deemed unreliable and the FDA or its non-U.S. counterparts may require us to perform additional clinical trials before approving our marketing applications. We cannot assure you that, upon inspection, the FDA or foreign regulatory agencies will determine that any of our clinical trials comply with good clinical practices. 
 
 If third parties do not successfully carry out their duties under their agreements with us, if the quality or accuracy of the data they obtain is compromised due to failure to adhere to our clinical protocols, including dosing requirements, or regulatory requirements, or if they otherwise fail to comply with clinical trial protocols or meet expected deadlines, our clinical trials may not meet regulatory requirements. If our clinical trials do not meet regulatory requirements or if these third parties need to be replaced, our clinical trials may be extended, delayed, suspended or terminated. If any of these events occur, we may not be able to obtain regulatory approval of our product candidate and future product candidates or succeed in our efforts to create approved line extensions for certain of our existing products or generate additional useful clinical data in support of these products. 
 
 If we or our partners fail to comply with these laws and regulations, the FDA, or other foreign regulatory agencies, may take actions that could significantly restrict or prohibit commercial distribution of LUMRYZ. If the FDA or other foreign regulatory authorities determine that we are not in compliance with these laws and regulations, they could, among other things: 
 
 issue warning letters; 
 impose fines; 
 seize products or request or order recalls; 
 issue injunctions to stop future sales of products; 
 refuse to permit products to be imported into, or exported out of a particular country; 
 suspend or limit our production; 
 withdraw or vary approval of marketing applications; 
 withdraw approval of marketing applications; and 
 initiate criminal prosecutions. 
 
 We may rely on collaborations with third parties to commercialize LUMRYZ and certain of our future product candidates outside of the U.S., if granted the necessary approvals or authorizations. Such strategy involves risks that could impair our prospects for realizing profits from such products. 
 
 We expect that the commercialization of LUMRYZ and our future product candidates outside of the U.S., if granted the necessary approvals or authorizations, may require collaboration with third-party partners involving strategic alliances, licenses, product divestitures or other arrangements. We may not be successful in entering into such collaborations on favorable terms, if at all, or our collaboration partners may not adequately perform under such arrangements, and as a result our ability to commercialize these products will be negatively affected and our prospects will be impaired. 
 
 We face significant competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Whether we reach a definitive agreement for a collaboration will depend, among other things, upon our assessment of the collaborator s resources and expertise, the terms and conditions of the proposed collaboration and the proposed collaborator s own evaluation of a potential collaboration. Such factors a potential collaborator will use to evaluate a collaboration may include the design or results of clinical trials, the likelihood of final approval by the FDA or comparable foreign regulatory authorities, the potential market for LUMRYZ or future product candidates, the potential of competing products, the existence of uncertainty with respect to our ownership of our intellectual property, which can exist if there is a challenge to such ownership without regard to the merits of the challenge and 
 -44- 

industry and market conditions generally. The collaborator may also consider alternative product candidates or technologies for similar indications that may be available to collaborate on and whether such a collaboration could be more attractive than the one with us for LUMRYZ or our future product candidates. The terms of any additional collaborations or other arrangements that we may establish may not be favorable to us. 
 
 We may also be restricted under collaboration agreements from entering into future agreements on certain terms with potential collaborators. Collaborations are complex and time-consuming to negotiate and document. In addition, there have been a significant number of recent business combinations among large pharmaceutical companies that have resulted in a reduced number of potential future collaborators. 
 
 We may not be able to negotiate additional collaborations on a timely basis, on acceptable terms, or at all. If we are unable to do so, we may have to curtail the development of our product candidates for which we are seeking to collaborate, reduce or delay its development program, delay its potential commercialization or reduce the scope of any sales or marketing activities, or increase our expenditures and undertake development or commercialization activities at our own expense. If we elect to increase our expenditures to fund development or commercialization activities on our own, we may need to obtain additional capital, which may not be available to us on acceptable terms or at all. If we do not have sufficient funds, we may not be able to further develop LUMRYZ and our future product candidates outside of the U.S., if granted the necessary approvals or authorizations, or bring these products to market and generate product revenue. 
 
 In addition, any future collaborations that we enter into may not be successful. The success of our collaboration arrangements will depend heavily on the efforts and activities of our collaborators. Collaborators generally have significant discretion in determining the efforts and resources that they will apply to these collaborations. Disagreements between parties to a collaboration arrangement regarding clinical development and commercialization matters can lead to delays in the development process or commercializing the applicable product candidate and, in some cases, termination of the collaboration arrangement. These disagreements can be difficult to resolve if neither of the parties has final decision-making authority. Collaborations with pharmaceutical or biotechnology companies and other third parties often are terminated or allowed to expire by the other party. Any such termination or expiration would adversely affect us financially and could harm our business reputation. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Intellectual Property 
 
 If we cannot adequately protect our intellectual property and proprietary information, we may be unable to effectively compete. 
 
 Our success depends, in part, on our ability to obtain and enforce patents and other intellectual property rights for our product candidate and future product candidates and technology, including our drug delivery technologies, and to preserve our trade secrets and other proprietary information. If we cannot do so, our competitors may exploit our technologies and deprive us of the ability to realize revenues and profits from our product candidate and future product candidates and technologies. 
 
 To the extent any of our product candidate and future product candidates may benefit from protections afforded by patents, we face the risk that patent law relating to the scope of claims in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology fields is continually evolving and can be the subject of uncertainty and may change in a way that would limit protection. If challenged, a court or other body may determine that our patents may not be exclusive, valid or enforceable. For example, our patents may not protect us against challenges by companies that submit drug marketing applications to the FDA, or the competent authorities of EU Member States or other jurisdictions in which we may attempt to compete, in particular where such applications rely, at least in part, on safety and efficacy data from our product candidate and future product candidates. In addition, competitors may obtain patents that may have an adverse effect on our ability to conduct business, or they may discover ways to circumvent our patents. The scope of any patent protection may not be sufficiently broad to cover our product candidate and future product candidates or to exclude competing products. Any patent applications we have made or may make relating to our potential products or technologies may not result in patents being issued. Even after issuance, our patents may be challenged in the courts or patent offices in the U.S. and elsewhere. Such challenges may result in loss of exclusivity or in patent claims being narrowed, invalidated or held unenforceable, in whole or in part, which could limit our ability to stop others from using or commercializing similar or identical product candidates, or limit the duration of the patent protection of our product candidate and future product candidates. Further, patent protection once obtained is limited in time, after which competitors may use the covered product or technology without obtaining a license from us. Because of the time required to obtain regulatory marketing approval, the remaining period of effective patent protection for a marketed product is frequently substantially shorter than the full duration of the patent. While a patent term extension can be requested under certain circumstances, the grant of such a request is not guaranteed. 
 
 Our partnerships with third parties expose us to risks that they will claim intellectual property rights on our inventions or fail to 
 -45- 

keep our unpatented products or technology confidential. 
 
 If we are unable to protect the confidentiality of our trade secrets, the value of our technology could be materially adversely affected and our business would be harmed. 
 
 We also rely on trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets and know-how to develop, maintain and strengthen our competitive position. 
 
 To protect our product candidate, trade secrets and proprietary technologies, we rely, in part, on confidentiality agreements with our employees, suppliers, consultants, advisors and partners. These agreements may not provide adequate protection for our trade secrets and other proprietary information in the event of any unauthorized use or disclosure, or if others lawfully develop the information. If these agreements are breached, we cannot be certain we will have adequate remedies. Further, we cannot guarantee that third parties will not know, discover or independently develop equivalent proprietary information or technologies, or that they will not gain access to our trade secrets or disclose our trade secrets to the public. Therefore, we cannot guarantee we can maintain and protect unpatented proprietary information and trade secrets. Misappropriation or other loss of our intellectual property would adversely affect our competitive position and may cause us to incur substantial litigation or other costs. 
 
 If we and our partners do not adequately protect the trademarks and trade names for our products, then we and our partners may not be able to build name recognition in our markets of interest and our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Our competitors or other third parties may challenge, infringe or circumvent the trademarks or trade names for our products. We and our partners may not be able to protect these trademarks and trade names. In addition, if the trademarks or trade names for one of our products infringe the rights of others, we or our partners may be forced to stop using the trademarks or trade names, which we need for name recognition in our markets of interest. If we cannot establish name recognition based on our trademarks and trade names, we and our partners may not be able to compete effectively and our business may be adversely affected. 
 
 Changes in U.S. or ex-U.S. patent laws could diminish the value of patents in general, thereby impairing our ability to protect our product candidate and future product candidates. 
 
 Changes in either the patent laws or interpretation thereof in the U.S. or in ex-U.S. jurisdictions could increase uncertainties and costs surrounding the prosecution of patent applications and the enforcement or defense of issued patents. For example, the Leahy-Smith America Invents Act of 2011 AIA ), changed the previous U.S. first-to-invent system to the current system that awards a patent to the first-inventor-to-file for an application for a patentable invention. This change alters the pool of available materials that can be used to challenge patents in the U.S. and limits the ability to rely on prior research to lay claim to patent rights. Under the current system, disputes are resolved through new derivation proceedings, and the AIA includes mechanisms to allow challenges to issued patents in reexamination, inter partes review and post grant proceedings. The AIA also includes bases and procedures that may make it easier for competitors to challenge our patents, which could result in increased competition and have a material adverse effect on our business and results of operations. The AIA may also make it harder to challenge third-party patents and place greater importance on being the first inventor to file a patent application on an invention. The AIA amendments to patent filing and litigation procedures in the U.S. may result in litigation being more complex and expensive and divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel. 
 
 In addition, the patent positions of companies in the development and commercialization of pharmaceuticals may be particularly uncertain. Depending on future actions by the U.S. Congress, the U.S. federal courts, and the USPTO, or by similarly legislative, judicial, and regulatory authorities in other jurisdictions, the laws and regulations governing patents could change in unpredictable ways that could have a material adverse effect on our existing patent portfolio and our ability to protect and enforce our intellectual property in the future. 
 
 Third parties may claim that our product candidate or future product candidates infringe their rights, and we may incur significant costs resolving these claims. Additionally, legal proceedings related to such claims could materially delay or otherwise adversely affect commercialization plans related to our product candidate, if granted final approval by the FDA. 
 
 Third parties may claim infringement of their patents and other intellectual property rights by the manufacture, use, import, offer for sale or sale of our drug delivery technologies or our other products. For example, in connection with us seeking regulatory approval for a product candidate, a third party may allege that our product candidate infringes its patents or other intellectual property rights and file suit to delay/prevent regulatory approval and/or commercialization of such product. In response to any claim of infringement, we may choose or be forced to seek licenses, defend infringement actions or challenge 
 -46- 

the validity or enforceability of those patent rights in court or administrative proceedings. If we cannot obtain required licenses on commercially reasonably terms, or at all, are found liable for infringement or are not able to have such patent rights declared invalid or unenforceable, our business could be materially harmed. We may be subject to claims (and even held liable) for significant monetary damages (including enhanced damages and/or attorneys fees), encounter significant delays in bringing products to market or be precluded from the manufacture, use, import, offer for sale or sale of products or methods of drug delivery covered by the patents of others. Even if a license is available, it may not be available on commercially reasonable terms or may be non-exclusive, which could result in our competitors gaining access to the same intellectual property. We may not have identified, or be able to identify in the future, U.S. or non-U.S. patents that pose a risk of potential infringement claims. 
 
 In addition to the possibility of intellectual property infringement claims, a third party could submit a citizen s petition to the FDA requesting relief that, if granted, could materially adversely affect the NDA and/or underlying product candidate. For example, such a third-party petition could, if granted, materially adversely affect the likelihood and/or timing of NDA approval, content of final product labeling, and/or resulting regulatory exclusivity (if any) for such product. 
 
 Parties making claims against us may be able to sustain the costs of patent litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any claims, with or without merit, that our product candidate, future product candidates or drug delivery technologies infringe proprietary rights of third parties could be time-consuming, result in costly litigation or divert the efforts of our technical and management personnel, any of which could disrupt our relationships with our partners and could significantly harm our financial positions and operating results. 
 
 An NDA submitted under Section 505(b)(2) subjects us to the risk that we may be subject to a patent infringement lawsuit that would delay or prevent the review or approval of our product candidates. 
 
 The LUMRYZ NDA was submitted under Section 505(b)(2) of the FDCA. Section 505(b)(2) permits the submission of an NDA where at least some of the information required for approval comes from preclinical studies or clinical trials that were not conducted by, or for, the applicant and for which the applicant has not obtained a right of reference. A 505(b)(2) NDA enables the applicant to reference published literature for which the applicant does not have a right of reference and the FDA s previous findings of safety and effectiveness for a previously approved drug. 
 
 For 505(b)(2) NDAs, the patent certification and related provisions of the Hatch-Waxman Amendments apply. Accordingly, if the applicant relies for approval on the safety or effectiveness information for a previously approved drug, referred to as a listed drug, the applicant is required to include patent certifications in its 505(b)(2) NDA regarding any applicable patents covering the listed drug. If there are applicable patents listed in the FDA publication Approved Drug Products with Therapeutic Equivalence Evaluations, commonly known as the Orange Book, for the listed drug, and the applicant seeks to obtain approval prior to the expiration of one or more of those patents, the applicant is required to submit a Paragraph IV certification indicating their belief that the relevant patents are invalid or unenforceable or will not be infringed by the manufacture, use or sale of the product that is the subject of the 505(b)(2) application. Otherwise, the 505(b)(2) NDA cannot be approved by the FDA until the expiration of any patents listed in the Orange Book for the listed drug. On May 24, 2022, we were notified by the FDA that the LUMRYZ NDA patent statement pertaining to the REMS Patent was deemed inappropriate. On June 29, 2022, we announced that we had submitted a Paragraph IV certification pertaining to the REMS Patent to LUMRYZ s NDA. On July 18, 2022, we received tentative approval from the FDA for LUMRYZ for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults suffering from narcolepsy. Jazz requested delisting of the REMS Patent from FDA s Orange Book on February 28, 2023, p ursuant to the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Court decision of February 24, 2023, affirming the previous ruling from the Delaware Court, ordering such delisting. On March 1, 2023, we submitted an amendment to our NDA for LUMRYZ requesting final approval. There can be no assurance that we will not be required to submit a Paragraph IV certification in respect of any future product candidates for which we seek approval under Section 505(b)(2). 
 
 Following any Paragraph IV certification that may be required, an applicant will be required to provide notice of that certification to the NDA holder and patent owner. Under the Hatch-Waxman Amendments, the patent owner may file a patent infringement lawsuit after receiving such notice. If a patent infringement lawsuit is filed within 45 days of the patent owner s or NDA holder s receipt of notice (whichever is later), a one-time, automatic stay of the FDA s ability to approve the 505(b)(2) NDA is triggered, which typically extends for 30 months unless patent litigation is resolved in favor of the Paragraph IV filer or the patent expires before that time. Accordingly, we may invest a significant amount of time and expense in the development of one or more product candidates only to be subject to significant delay and patent litigation before such product candidates may be commercialized, if at all. 
 
 In addition, a 505(b)(2) NDA will not be approved until any applicable non-patent exclusivity listed in the Orange Book for the listed drug, or for any other drug with the same protected conditions of approval as our product, has expired. The FDA also may require us to perform one or more additional clinical trials or measurements to support the change from the listed drug, which could be time consuming and could substantially delay our achievement of regulatory approval. The FDA also may reject any 
 -47- 

future 505(b)(2) NDAs and require us to submit traditional NDAs under Section 505(b)(1), which would require extensive data to establish safety and effectiveness of the product for the proposed use and could cause delay and additional costs. In addition, the FDA could reject any future 505(b)(2) application and require us to submit a Section 505(b)(1) NDA or a Section 505(j) ANDA if, before the submission of our 505(b)(2) application, the FDA approves an application for a product that is pharmaceutically equivalent to ours and determines that our product is inappropriate for review through the 505(b)(2) pathway. These factors, among others, may limit our ability to commercialize our product candidates successfully. 
 
 If we or our partners are required to obtain licenses from third parties, our revenues and royalties on any future commercialized products could be reduced. 
 
 The development of certain products based on our drug delivery technologies may require the use of raw materials e.g., proprietary excipient), active ingredients, drugs e.g., proprietary proteins) or technologies developed by third parties. The extent to which efforts by other researchers have resulted or will result in patents and the extent to which we or our partners are forced to obtain licenses from others, if available, on commercially reasonable terms is currently unknown. If we or our partners must obtain licenses from third parties, fees may be required for such licenses, which could reduce the net revenues and royalties we receive on any future commercialized products that incorporate our drug delivery technologies. 
 
 Patent terms may be inadequate to protect our competitive position on our product candidate or future product candidates for an adequate amount of time. 
 
 Patents have a limited lifespan. In the U.S., if all maintenance fees are timely paid, the natural expiration of a patent is generally 20 years from its earliest U.S. non-provisional filing date. Various extensions may be available, but the life of a patent, and the protection it affords, is limited. Even if patents covering our product candidate and future product candidates are obtained, once the patent life has expired, we may be open to competition from competitive products, including generics or biosimilars. Given the amount of time required for the development, testing and regulatory review of new product candidates, patents protecting such candidates might expire before or shortly after such candidates are commercialized. As a result, our owned and licensed patent portfolio may not provide us with sufficient rights to exclude others from commercializing products similar or identical to ours. 
 
 Obtaining and maintaining our patent protection depends on compliance with various procedural, document submission, fee payment and other requirements imposed by governmental patent agencies, and our patent protection could be reduced or eliminated for non-compliance with these requirements. 
 
 Periodic maintenance fees, renewal fees, annuity fees and various other governmental fees on patents and/or applications will be due to be paid to the USPTO and various governmental patent agencies outside of the U.S. in several stages over the lifetime of the patents and/or applications. We rely on our outside counsel to coordinate payment of these fees due to patent agencies. The USPTO and various non-U.S. governmental patent agencies require compliance with a number of procedural, documentary, fee payment and other similar provisions during the patent application process. We employ reputable law firms and other professionals to help us comply, and in many cases, an inadvertent lapse can be cured by payment of a late fee or by other means in accordance with the applicable rules. However, there are situations in which non-compliance can result in abandonment or lapse of the patent or patent application, resulting in partial or complete loss of patent rights in the relevant jurisdiction. In such an event, our competitors might be able to enter the market and this circumstance would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We may not be able to protect our intellectual property rights throughout the world. 
 
 Filing, prosecuting and defending patents on our product candidate and future product candidates in all countries throughout the world would be prohibitively expensive, and intellectual property rights in some countries outside the U.S. can be less extensive than those in the U.S. Consequently, we may not be able to prevent third parties from practicing our inventions in all countries outside the U.S., or from selling or importing products made using our inventions in and into the U.S. or other jurisdictions. Competitors may use our technologies in jurisdictions where we have not obtained patent protection to develop their own products and may also export infringing products to territories where we have patent protection, but enforcement is not as strong as that in the U.S. These products may compete with our product candidate and future product candidates and our patents or other intellectual property rights may not be effective or sufficient to prevent them from competing. 
 
 Many companies have encountered significant problems in protecting and defending intellectual property rights in non-U.S. jurisdictions. The legal systems of certain countries, particularly certain developing countries, do not favor the enforcement of patents, trade secrets, and other intellectual property protection, which could make it difficult for us to stop the infringement of our patents or marketing of competing products in violation of our proprietary rights generally. Proceedings to enforce our 
 -48- 

patent rights in non-U.S. jurisdictions, whether or not successful, could result in substantial costs and divert our efforts and attention from other aspects of our business, could put our patents at risk of being invalidated or interpreted narrowly and our patent applications at risk of not issuing and could provoke third parties to assert claims against us. We may not prevail in any lawsuits we initiate, and the damages or other remedies awarded, if any, may not be commercially meaningful. Accordingly, our efforts to enforce our intellectual property rights around the world may be inadequate to obtain a significant commercial advantage from the intellectual property we develop or license. 
 
 Risks Related to Acceptance, Sales, Marketing and Competition 
 
 If we are unable to establish effective sales, marketing and distribution capabilities for LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, or enter into agreements with third parties to market, sell and distribute our product candidate, if granted final approval by the FDA, or if we are unable to achieve market acceptance for LUMRYZ, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects will be materially adversely affected. 
 
 We are continuing to build the systems, processes, policies, relationships and materials necessary for the launch of LUMRYZ in the U.S. for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy. If we receive regulatory approval to market or sell LUMRYZ, but are unable to establish adequate sales, marketing and distribution capabilities, whether independently or with third parties, or if we are unable to do so on commercially reasonable terms, our business, results of operations, financial condition and prospects will be materially adversely affected. We may encounter issues, delays or other challenges in launching or commercializing LUMRYZ. 
 
 We have limited experience in building and managing a commercial team, conducting a comprehensive market analysis, obtaining state licenses and reimbursement, or managing distributors and a sales force for our medicines. For example, our results may be negatively impacted if we have not adequately sized our field teams or if our targeting strategy is inadequate or if we encounter deficiencies or inefficiencies in our infrastructure or processes. We will be competing with many companies that currently have extensive and well-funded sales and marketing operations. As a result, our ability to successfully commercialize LUMRYZ may involve more inherent risk, take longer, and cost more than it would if we were a company with substantial experience in launching medicines. 
 
 We will have to compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies to recruit, hire, train and retain marketing and sales personnel. If we are unable to, or decide not to, further develop internal sales, marketing, and commercial distribution capabilities for LUMRYZ in any country or region, we will likely pursue collaborative arrangements regarding the sales and marketing of LUMRYZ. However, there can be no assurance that we will be able to establish or maintain such collaborative arrangements, or if we are able to do so, that they will have effective sales forces. Any revenue we receive will depend upon the efforts of such third parties. We would have little or no control over the marketing and sales efforts of such third parties, and our revenue from product sales may be lower than if we had commercialized LUMRYZ ourselves. We also face competition in our search for third parties to assist us with the sales and marketing efforts for our medicines. 
 
 Any of these issues could impair our ability to successfully commercialize LUMRYZ or to generate substantial revenues or profits or to meet our expectations with respect to the amount or timing of revenues or profits. There is no guarantee that we will be successful in our launch or commercialization efforts with respect to LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, or with respect to any other product candidate that may be approved in the future. 
 
 If the market opportunities for LUMRYZ are smaller than we believe they are, and if we are not able to successfully identify patients and achieve significant market share, our revenues may be adversely affected and our business may suffer. 
 
 LUMRYZ is an investigational formulation of sodium oxybate designed to be taken once at bedtime for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy. Our estimates of the market opportunities for LUMRYZ are based on the estimated market size for the twice-nightly administration of sodium oxybate, which is the current standard of care for cataplexy or EDS in patients with narcolepsy, and our expectations with regard to LUMRYZ s potential to take a significant share of this market . These estimates have been derived from a variety of sources, including scientific literature, surveys of clinics, patient foundations, or market research, and may prove to be incorrect. Further, new studies may change the estimated incidence or prevalence of these diseases. The potential target population for LUMRYZ may turn out to be lower or more difficult to identify than expected. Even if we obtain significant market share for LUMRYZ in this indication, because the potential target population for LUMRYZ is small, we may never achieve profitability without obtaining marketing approval for additional indications. 
 
 Any of these factors may negatively affect our ability to recognize revenues from sales of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, and our ability to achieve and maintain profitability and, as a consequence, our business may suffer. 
 -49- 

LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, may not gain market acceptance. 
 
 LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, may not gain market acceptance among physicians, patients, healthcare payor and medical communities. The degree of market acceptance of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, will depend on a number of factors, including, but not limited to: 
 
 the clinical indications for which LUMRYZ is approved and any restrictions placed upon the product in connection with its approval, such as a REMS or equivalent obligation by other regulatory authorities, patient registry requirements or labeling restrictions; 
 the prevalence of the disease or condition for which LUMRYZ is approved and its diagnosis; 
 scheduling classification of sodium oxybate as a controlled substance regulated by the DEA; 
 demonstration of the clinical safety and efficacy of the product or technology; 
 the absence of evidence of undesirable side effects of the product or technology that delay or extend trials; 
 acceptance by physicians and patients of each product as a safe and effective treatment; 
 availability of sufficient product inventory to meet demand; 
 physicians decisions relating to treatment practices based on availability; 
 physician and patient assessment of the burdens associated with obtaining or maintaining the certifications required under the LUMRYZ REMS, if approved; 
 the lack of regulatory delays or other regulatory actions; 
 its cost-effectiveness and related access to payor coverage; 
 its potential advantage over alternative treatment methods; 
 the availability of third-party reimbursement or other assistance for patients who are uninsured or underinsured; and 
 the marketing and distribution support it receives. 
 
 If LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, fails to achieve market acceptance, our ability to generate revenue will be limited, which would have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, will be subject to ongoing enforcement of post-marketing requirements and we could be subject to substantial penalties, including withdrawal of LUMRYZ from the market, if we fail to comply with all regulatory requirements. In addition, the terms of the marketing approval of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval by the FDA, and ongoing regulation of our product, may limit how we manufacture and market LUMRYZ and compliance with such requirements may involve substantial resources, which could materially impair our ability to generate revenue. 
 
 If granted final approval by the FDA, LUMRYZ, along with the manufacturing processes, post-approval clinical data, labeling, advertising, and promotional activities for LUMRYZ, will be subject to continual requirements of and review by the FDA and other applicable regulatory authorities. These requirements include, but are not limited to, restrictions governing promotion of an approved product, submissions of safety and other post-marketing information and reports, registration and listing requirements, cGMP requirements relating to manufacturing, quality control, quality assurance and corresponding maintenance of records and documents, and requirements regarding drug distribution and the distribution of samples to physicians and recordkeeping. 
 
 In the U.S., the FDA and other federal and state agencies, including the Department of Justice, closely regulate compliance with all requirements governing prescription drug products, including requirements pertaining to marketing and promotion of drugs in accordance with the provisions of the approved labeling and manufacturing of products in accordance with cGMP requirements. Violations of such requirements may lead to investigations alleging violations of the FDCA and other statutes, including the FDA and other federal and state healthcare fraud and abuse laws as well as state consumer protection laws. Our failure to comply with all regulatory requirements, and later discovery of previously unknown adverse events or other problems with our products, manufacturers, or manufacturing processes, may yield various results, including: 
 
 litigation involving patients taking our products; 
 restrictions on such products, manufacturers, or manufacturing processes; 
 restrictions on the labeling or marketing of a product; 
 restrictions on product distribution or use; 
 requirements to conduct post-marketing studies or clinical trials; 
 warning or untitled letters; 
 withdrawal of the products from the market; 
 refusal to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications that we submit; 
 -50- 

voluntary recall of products; 
 fines, restitution, or disgorgement of profits or revenues; 
 suspension or withdrawal of marketing approvals; 
 damage to relationships with any potential collaborators; 
 unfavorable press coverage and damage to our reputation; 
 refusal to permit the import or export of our products; 
 product seizure; or 
 injunctions or the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. 
 
 Non-compliance by us or any future collaborator with regulatory requirements, including safety monitoring or pharmacovigilance, and with requirements related to the development of products for the pediatric population can also result in significant financial penalties. Similarly, failure to comply with applicable regulatory requirements regarding the protection of personal information can also lead to significant penalties and sanctions. 
 
 In addition, we and our CDMOs will continue to expend time, money, and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production, product surveillance, quality control and distribution. Under the DSCSA, for certain commercial prescription drug products, manufacturers and other parties involved in the supply chain must also meet chain of distribution requirements and build electronic, interoperable systems for product tracking and tracing and for notifying the FDA of counterfeit, diverted, stolen, and intentionally adulterated products or other products that are otherwise unfit for distribution in the U.S. In addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products, including samples, is subject to the PDMA, which regulations the distribution of drugs and drug samples at the federal level, and sets minimum standards for the registration and regulation of drug distributors by the states. Both the PDMA and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples and impose requirements to ensure accountability in distribution. Prescription drug products must also meet applicable child-resistant packaging requirements under the U.S. Poison Prevention Packaging Act. We, our CDMOs and other third parties upon whom we rely will be subject to applicable controlled substances laws, regulations and requirements. Additionally, under the Food and Drug Omnibus Reform Act of 2022 FDORA ), sponsors of approved drugs must provide 6 months notice to the FDA of any changes in marketing status, such as the withdrawal of a drug, and failure to do so could result in the FDA placing the product on a list of discontinued products, which would revoke the product s ability to be marketed. If LUMRYZ is granted final approval by the FDA and we are not able to comply with post-approval regulatory requirements, we could have the marketing approvals for LUMRYZ withdrawn by regulatory authorities and our ability to market LUMRYZ could be limited, which could adversely affect our ability to achieve or sustain profitability and we could be subject to substantial penalties. As a result, the cost of compliance with post-approval regulations may have a negative effect on our operating results and financial condition. 
 
 If our competitors develop and market technologies or products that are safer, more effective or less costly than ours, or obtain regulatory approval and market such products before we do, our commercial opportunity may be diminished or eliminated. 
 
 Competition in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry is intense and is expected to increase. We compete with other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies. 
 
 The introduction of new products in the U.S. market that compete with, or otherwise disrupt the market for, LUMRYZ, if granted final approval, would adversely affect sales of our product candidate. For example, in the future, we expect LUMRYZ to face competition from manufacturers of generic twice-nightly sodium oxybate formulations who have reached settlement agreements with the current brand product marketer. On January 3, 2023, Hikma Pharmaceuticals plc, announced that they launched an authorized generic version of Jazz s Xyrem (sodium oxybate). Hikma will have 180 days of marketing exclusivity for its authorized generic product in the U.S. and will distribute through the same specialty pharmacy that Jazz uses to dispense Xyrem. There are other potential future competitive products that could impact the marketplace. For example, there are some potential competitors who have reached settlement agreements with the current brand product marketer, which allows for entry of other authorized generics in 2023 and other generic products in 2026, or earlier for both under certain circumstances. Beyond generics, there are other potential future competitive products that could impact the narcolepsy treatment marketplace. 
 
 If the FDA approves a competitor s application for a product candidate before our application for a similar product candidate, and grants such competitor a period of exclusivity, the FDA may take the position that it cannot approve our 505(b)(2) application for a similar product candidate until the exclusivity period expires. Additionally, even if our 505(b)(2) application for a product candidate is approved first, and we receive a period of statutory marketing exclusivity, we may still be subject to competition from other companies with approved products or approved 505(b)(2) NDAs for different conditions of use that would not be restricted by a grant of exclusivity to us. 
 
 -51- 

Many of our competitors have substantially greater financial, technological, manufacturing, marketing, managerial and research and development resources and experience than we do. Furthermore, acquisitions of competing companies by large pharmaceutical companies could enhance our competitors resources. Accordingly, our competitors may be able to develop, obtain regulatory approval and gain market share for their products more rapidly than us. 
 
 If the FDA or other applicable regulatory authorities approve generic products that compete with any of our product candidates, the sales of our product candidates, if approved, could be adversely affected. 
 
 Once an NDA, including a 505(b)(2) NDA, is approved, the product covered becomes a listed drug which can be cited by potential competitors in support of approval of an ANDA or subsequent 505(b)(2) application. FDA regulations and other applicable regulations and policies provide incentives to manufacturers to create modified versions of a drug to facilitate the approval of an ANDA or other application for similar substitutes. If these manufacturers demonstrate that their product has the same active ingredient(s), dosage form, strength, route of administration, and conditions of use, or labeling, as our products or product candidates, they might only be required to conduct a relatively inexpensive study to show that their generic product is absorbed in the body at the same rate and to the same extent as, or is bioequivalent to, our products or product candidates. In some cases, even this limited bioequivalence testing can be waived by the FDA. Laws have also been enacted to facilitate the development of generic drugs based off recently approved NDAs. The Creating and Restoring Equal Access to Equivalent Samples Act CREATES Act was enacted in 2019 requiring sponsors of approved NDAs to provide sufficient quantities of product samples on commercially reasonable, market-based terms to entities developing generic drugs. The law establishes a private right of action allowing developers to sue listed drug holders that refuse to sell them product samples needed to support their applications. If we are required to provide product samples or allocate additional resources to responding to such requests or any legal challenges under this law, our business could be adversely impacted. Competition from generic equivalents to our products or product candidates could substantially limit our ability to generate revenues and therefore to obtain a return on the investments we have made in our products or product candidates. 
 
 If we cannot keep pace with the rapid technological change in our industry, we may lose business, and our product candidates, if granted final approval by the FDA, and technologies could become obsolete or noncompetitive. 
 
 Our success also depends, in part, on maintaining a competitive position in the development of products and technologies in a rapidly evolving field. Major technological changes can happen quickly in the biotechnology and pharmaceutical industries. If we cannot maintain competitive products and technologies, our competitors may succeed in developing competing technologies or obtaining regulatory approval for products before us, and the products of our competitors may gain market acceptance more rapidly than our product candidate and future product candidates. Such rapid technological change, or the development by our competitors of technologically improved or different products, could render our product candidate and future product candidates or technologies obsolete or noncompetitive. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business and Industry 
 
 COVID-19 may materially and adversely affect our business and our financial results. 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic has spread globally. The continued spread of COVID-19 could adversely impact our operations, including our ability to fully enroll and complete RESTORE, our OLE/switch study of LUMRYZ, initiate and complete any future clinical trials, manufacture sufficient supply of LUMRYZ at sufficient scale for commercialization, if granted final approval by the FDA. 
 
 In addition, COVID-19 has resulted in significant governmental measures being implemented to control the spread of the virus, including quarantines, travel restrictions, social distancing and business shutdowns. We have taken precautionary measures intended to help minimize the risk of the virus to our employees, including allowing employees to work remotely. These measures could negatively affect our business. For instance, temporarily allowing employees to work remotely may induce absenteeism, disrupt our operations or increase the risk of a cybersecurity incident. COVID-19 has also caused volatility in the global financial markets and threatened a slowdown in the global economy, which may negatively affect our ability to raise additional capital on attractive terms or at all. 
 
 The extent to which COVID-19 may impact our business will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, such as the duration of the pandemic, the severity of COVID-19, the identification of new variations of the virus or the effectiveness of actions to contain and treat COVID-19, particularly in the geographies where we or our third party suppliers and CDMOs, or CROs operate. We cannot presently predict the scope and severity of any potential business shutdowns or disruptions. If we or any of the third parties with whom we engage, however, were to experience shutdowns or other business disruptions, our ability to conduct our business in the manner and on the timelines presently 
 -52- 

planned could be materially and negatively affected, which could have a material adverse impact on our business and our results of operations and financial condition. 
 
 Our cost structure optimization efforts, including a reduction in workforce, announced in June 2022, may not result in anticipated savings, could result in total costs and expenses that are greater than expected and could disrupt our business. 
 
 In June 2022, we announced a reduction in workforce of nearly 50 percent in connection with cost structure optimization efforts. We may not realize, in full or in part, the anticipated benefits and cost savings from our cost structure optimization efforts due to unforeseen difficulties, delays or unexpected costs. If we are unable to realize the expected operational efficiencies and cost savings from the restructuring, our operating results and financial condition would be adversely affected. We also cannot guarantee that we will not have to undertake additional workforce reductions or restructuring activities in the future. Furthermore, our cost structure optimization efforts may be disruptive to our operations. For example, our workforce reductions could yield unanticipated consequences, such as attrition beyond planned staff reductions, increased difficulties in our day-to-day operations and reduced employee morale. 
 
 If we need to take further restructuring actions, necessary third-party consents may not be granted. 
 
 In June 2022, we announced our cost structure optimization efforts to reduce our quarterly cash operating expenses through a reduction in workforce of nearly 50 percent. Our management may determine we need to take further restructuring actions to achieve additional cost savings, to generate additional capital needed for our business strategy, or for other purposes. Certain restructuring scenarios that management consider could require obtaining the consent of third parties, such as holders of our 2023 Notes. For example, the voluntary bankruptcy filing by Avadel Specialty Pharmaceuticals LLC Specialty Pharma in February 2019 required the consent of holders of a majority in principal amount of our February 2023 Notes in order to avoid a default under the Indenture governing such February 2023 Notes. While we were successful in obtaining that consent, there can be no assurance we will be successful in obtaining additional consents in the future from such holders or from other third parties whose consents may be required. Failure to obtain these third-party consents would prevent us from taking additional restructuring actions, which could have a material adverse effect on our cash flow, financial resources and ability to successfully pursue our business strategy. 
 Risks Related to Litigation and Legal Matters 
 We may become involved in lawsuits to protect or enforce our patents or other intellectual property, which could be expensive, time consuming and unsuccessful. 
 Competitors may infringe our patents or other intellectual property. If we were to initiate legal proceedings against a third party to enforce a patent covering our product candidate or future product candidates, the defendant could counterclaim that the patent is invalid and/or unenforceable. In patent litigation in the U.S., defendant counterclaims alleging invalidity and/or unenforceability are commonplace. Grounds for a validity challenge could be an alleged failure to meet any of several statutory requirements, including lack of novelty, obviousness, written description or non-enablement. Grounds for an unenforceability assertion could be an allegation that someone connected with prosecution of the patent withheld relevant information from the USPTO, or made a misleading statement, during prosecution. There is risk that a court could rule in favor of the defendant with respect to such a counterclaim of patent invalidity and/or unenforceability. 
 
 Interference or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by us or declared by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or if a non-exclusive license is offered and our competitors gain access to the same technology. Our defense of litigation or interference or derivation proceedings may fail and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. In addition, the uncertainties associated with litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our clinical trials, continue our research programs, license necessary technology from third parties, or enter into development partnerships that would help us bring our product candidate and future product candidates to market. 
 
 Because of the substantial amount of discovery that can occur in connection with intellectual property-related litigation and/or administrative proceedings, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation/proceeding. There could also be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions, or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a material adverse effect on the price of our shares. 
 -53- 

We may be subject to claims that our employees, consultants or independent contractors have wrongfully used or disclosed confidential information of third parties or that our employees have wrongfully used or disclosed alleged trade secrets of their former employers. 
 
 We employ or may employ individuals who were previously employed at universities or other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies, including our competitors or potential competitors. Although we endeavor to ensure that our employees, consultants and independent contractors do not use the proprietary information or know-how of others in their work for us, we may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have inadvertently or otherwise used or disclosed intellectual property, including trade secrets or other proprietary information, of any of our employee s former employer or other third parties. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. If we fail in defending any such claims, in addition to paying any awarded monetary damages, we may lose valuable intellectual property rights or personnel, which could adversely impact our business. Even if we are successful in defending against such claims, litigation could result in substantial costs and/or be a distraction to management and other employees. 
 
 We and companies to which we have licensed, or will license our future products or drug delivery technologies and subcontractors we engage or may engage for services related to the development and manufacturing of our lead product candidate or future product candidates are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA and other regulatory authorities. Our and their failure to meet strict regulatory requirements could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We, and companies to which we will license our future products or drug delivery technologies, as well as companies acting as subcontractors for our product developments, including but not limited to non-clinical, pre-clinical and clinical studies, and manufacturing, are subject to extensive regulation by the FDA, other U.S. authorities and equivalent non-U.S. regulatory authorities, particularly the European Commission and the competent authorities of EU Member States. Those regulatory authorities may conduct periodic audits or inspections of the applicable facilities to monitor compliance with regulatory standards and we remain responsible for the compliance of our subcontractors. If the FDA or another regulatory authority finds failure to comply with applicable regulations, the authority may institute a wide variety of enforcement actions, including: 
 
 warning letters or untitled letters; 
 fines and civil penalties; 
 delays in clearing or approving, or refusal to clear or approve, products; 
 withdrawal, suspension or variation of approval of products; product recall or seizure; 
 orders to the competent authorities of EU Member States to withdraw or vary national authorization; 
 orders for physician notification or device repair, replacement or refund; 
 interruption of production; 
 operating restrictions; 
 injunctions; and 
 criminal prosecution. 
 
 Any adverse action by a competent regulatory agency could lead to unanticipated expenditures to address or defend such action and may impair our ability to produce and market applicable products, which could significantly impact our revenues and royalties that we would be eligible to receive from our potential customers. 
 
 We may face product liability claims related to clinical trials for our product candidate or future product candidates or their misuse. 
 
 The testing, including through clinical trials, manufacturing and marketing, and the use of our product candidate and future product candidates may expose us to potential product liability and other claims. If any such claims against us are successful, we may be required to make significant compensation payments. Any indemnification that we have obtained, or may obtain, from CROs or pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies or hospitals conducting human clinical trials on our behalf may not protect us from product liability claims or from the costs of related litigation. Insurance coverage is expensive and difficult to obtain, and we may be unable to obtain coverage in the future on acceptable terms, if at all. We currently maintain general liability insurance and product liability insurance. We cannot be certain that the coverage limits of our insurance policies or those of our strategic partners will be adequate. If we are unable to obtain sufficient insurance at an acceptable cost, a product liability claim or recall could adversely affect our financial condition. 
 
 Similarly, any indemnification we have obtained, or may obtain, from pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies with whom we are developing, or will develop, our future products may not protect us from product liability claims from the consumers of those products or from the costs of related litigation. 
 -54- 

If we use hazardous biological and/or chemical materials in a manner that causes injury, we may be liable for significant damages. 
 
 Our research and development activities involve the controlled use of potentially harmful biological and/or chemical materials, and are subject to U.S., state, EU, national and local laws and regulations governing the use, storage, handling and disposal of those materials and specified waste products. We cannot completely eliminate the risk of accidental contamination or injury from the use, storage, handling or disposal of these materials, including fires and/or explosions, storage tank leaks and ruptures and discharges or releases of toxic or hazardous substances. These operating risks can cause personal injury, property damage and environmental contamination, and may result in the shutdown of affected facilities and the imposition of civil or criminal penalties. The occurrence of any of these events may significantly reduce the productivity and profitability of a particular manufacturing facility and adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 We currently maintain property, business interruption and casualty insurance with limits that we believe to be commercially reasonable but may be inadequate to cover any actual liability or damages. 
 Risks Related to Ownership of Our Securities 
 The price of ADSs representing our ordinary shares has been volatile and may continue to be volatile. 
 
 The trading price of ADSs has been, and is likely to continue to be, highly volatile. The market value of an investment in ADSs may fall sharply at any time due to this volatility. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the closing sale price of ADSs as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market ranged from 1.07 to 10.00. During the year ended December 31, 2021, the closing sale price of ADSs as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market ranged from 6.49 to 11.18. The market prices for securities of drug delivery, specialty pharma, biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies historically have been highly volatile. Factors that could adversely affect our share price include, among others: 
 
 fluctuations in our operating results; 
 announcements of technological partnerships, innovations or new products by us or our competitors; 
 actions with respect to the acquisition of new or complementary businesses; 
 governmental regulations; 
 developments in patent or other proprietary rights owned by us or others; 
 public concern as to the safety of drug delivery technologies developed by us or drugs developed by others using our platform; 
 the results of pre-clinical testing and clinical studies or trials by us or our competitors; 
 adverse events related to our product candidate or future product candidates; 
 lack of efficacy of our product candidate or future product candidates; 
 litigation; 
 decisions by our pharmaceutical and biotechnology company partners relating to the products that may incorporate our technologies; 
 the perception by the market of specialty pharma, biotechnology, and high technology companies generally; 
 general market conditions, including the impact of the current financial environment; and 
 the dilutive impact of any new equity or convertible debt securities we may issue or have issued. 
 
 If we pay dividends, the dividends may be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax. 
 In certain circumstances, as an Irish tax resident company, we may be required to deduct Irish dividend withholding tax (currently at the rate of 20 from dividends paid to its shareholders. Shareholders who are resident in the U.S., EU countries (other than Ireland) or other countries with which Ireland has signed a tax treaty (whether the treaty has been ratified or not) generally should not be subject to Irish withholding tax so long as the shareholder (a) where the shareholder is a body corporate, is not under the control of persons resident in Ireland and (b) has provided its broker, for onward transmission to our qualifying intermediary or other designated agent (in the case of shares held beneficially), or us or our transfer agent (in the case of shares held directly), with all the necessary documentation by the appropriate due date prior to payment of the dividend. However, some shareholders may be subject to dividend withholding tax, which could adversely affect the price of ordinary shares and ADSs and the value of their Notes. 
 
 -55- 

Risks Related to the Notes 
 
 Servicing our Notes may require a significant amount of cash, and we may not have sufficient cash or the ability to raise the funds necessary to settle exchanges of the Notes in cash, repay the Notes at maturity, or repurchase the Notes as required following a fundamental change. 
 
 In February 2018, we issued 143,750 aggregate principal amount of our February 2023 Notes. On March 16, 2022, we executed an agreement to exchange 117,375 of the February 2023 Notes for a new series of Exchangeable Senior Notes due October 2, 2023 (the October 2023 Notes ). On November 4, 2022, we repurchased 8,875 of our February 2023 Notes and on their maturity date of February 1, 2023, we repaid the remaining 17,500 aggregate principal amount of our February 2023 Notes. On March 29, 2023, we executed an agreement to exchange 96,188 of our 117,375 October 2023 Notes for a new series of Exchangeable Senior Notes due April 2027 (the April 2027 Notes , together with the October 2023 Notes, the Notes ). The remaining 21,187 aggregate principal amount of the October 2023 Notes will maintain a maturity date of October 2, 2023. 
 
 If holders of the Notes elect to exchange their Notes, unless we elect to deliver solely our ADSs to settle such exchanges, we will be required to make cash payments in respect of the Notes being exchanged. Holders of the Notes also have the right to require us to repurchase all or a portion of their Notes upon the occurrence of a fundamental change (as defined in the applicable indenture governing the Notes) at a repurchase price equal to 100 of the principal amount of the Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest. If the Notes have not previously been exchanged or repurchased, we will be required to repay the Notes in cash at maturity. Our ability to make cash payments in connection with exchanges of the Notes, repurchase the Notes in the event of a fundamental change, or to repay or refinance the Notes at maturity will depend on market conditions and our future performance, which is subject to economic, financial, competitive, and other factors many of which are beyond our control. We incurred a net loss in 2021 and 2022. As a result, we may not have enough available cash or be able to obtain financing at the time we are required to repurchase or repay the Notes or in the event we elect to pay cash with respect to Notes being exchanged. 
 
 The exchange feature of the October 2023 Notes, if triggered prior to May 1, 2023 and in any case after May 1, 2023, and in any case may adversely affect our financial condition and operating results. 
 In the event the conditional exchange feature of the October 2023 Notes is triggered and in any case after May 1, 2023, holders of October 2023 Notes will be entitled to exchange the October 2023 Notes at any time during specified periods at their option. If one or more holders elect to exchange their October 2023 Notes, unless we elect to satisfy our exchange obligation by causing to be delivered solely ADSs (other than paying cash in lieu of any fractional ADSs), we would be required to settle a portion or all of our exchange obligation through the payment of cash, which could adversely affect our liquidity. If we are unable to make the required payments, or if we fail to comply with the various requirements and covenants of the indenture, we will be in default, which would require immediate repayment of the outstanding principal and interest on the October 2023 Notes. In addition, even if holders do not elect to exchange their October 2023 Notes, we could be required under applicable accounting rules to reclassify all or a portion of the outstanding principal of the October 2023 Notes as a current rather than long-term liability, which would result in a material reduction of our net working capital. 
 
 The accounting method for convertible and exchangeable debt securities that may be settled in cash, such as the Notes, could have a material effect on our reported financial results. 
 In accordance with Financial Accounting Standards Board FASB Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 470, Debt, an entity must separately account for the liability and equity components of convertible debt instruments (such as the October 2023 Notes) that may be settled entirely or partially in cash upon conversion in a manner that reflects the issuer s economic interest cost. ASC 470-20 requires the value of the conversion option of the October 2023 Notes, representing the equity component, to be recorded as additional paid-in capital within stockholders equity in our consolidated balance sheets and as a discount to the October 2023 Notes, which reduces their initial carrying value. In addition, under the treasury stock method, if the conversion value of the October 2023 Notes exceeds their principal amount for a reporting period, then we will calculate our diluted earnings per share assuming that all the October 2023 Notes were converted and that we issued our ADSs to settle the excess. However, if reflecting the October 2023 Notes in diluted earnings per share in this manner is anti-dilutive, or if the conversion value of the October 2023 Notes does not exceed their principal amount for a reporting period, then the shares underlying the October 2023 Notes will not be reflected in our diluted earnings per share. 
 
 In August 2020, the FASB issued Accounting Standards Update ASU 2020-06, Debt - Debt with Conversion and Other Options (Subtopic 470-20) and Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity's Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40): Accounting for Convertible Instruments and Contracts in an Entity's Own Equity ASU 2020-06 ), which eliminates the beneficial conversion and cash conversion accounting models for convertible instruments. This would reduce non-cash interest expense, and thereby 
 -56- 

decrease net loss (or increase net income). Additionally, the treasury stock method for calculating earnings per share will no longer be allowed for convertible debt instruments whose principal amount may be settled using shares and the if-converted method will be required. 
 
 We elected to early adopt ASU 2020-06 beginning with our fiscal year ending December 31, 2021, including any interim periods within that fiscal year. Under ASU 2020-06, the 2023 Notes will be subject to the if-converted method for calculating diluted earnings per share. Accordingly, under the if-converted method, diluted earnings per share will be calculated assuming that all of the Convertible Notes were converted solely into shares of common stock at the beginning of the reporting period, unless the result would be anti-dilutive. This new method of calculating earnings per share may adversely affect our reported financial condition and results. 
 
 Exchanges of the Notes will dilute the ownership interest of our existing shareholders and holders of the ADSs, including holders who may exchange their Notes and receive ADSs upon exchange, to the extent our exchange obligation includes ADSs. 
 
 The exchange of some or all of the Notes will dilute the ownership interests of our existing shareholders and holders of the ADSs to the extent our exchange obligation includes ADSs. Any sales in the public market of the ADSs issuable upon such exchange of the Notes could adversely affect prevailing market prices of the ADSs and, in turn, the price of the Notes. In addition, the existence of the Notes may encourage short selling by market participants because the exchange of the Notes could depress the price of the ADSs. 
 The fundamental change repurchase feature of the Notes may delay or prevent an otherwise beneficial takeover attempt of Avadel. 
 The indenture governing the Notes will require us to repurchase the Notes for cash upon the occurrence of a fundamental change and, in certain circumstances, to increase the exchange rate for a holder that exchanges its Notes in connection with a make-whole fundamental change. A takeover of Avadel may trigger the requirement that we repurchase the Notes and/or increase the exchange rate, which could make it more costly for a potential acquirer to engage in a combinatory transaction with us. Such additional costs may have the effect of delaying or preventing a takeover of Avadel that would otherwise be beneficial to investors. 
 General Risk Factors 
 Provisions of our articles of association could delay or prevent a third-party s effort to acquire us. 
 Our articles of association could delay, defer or prevent a third-party from acquiring us, even where such a transaction would be beneficial to the holders of ADSs, or could otherwise adversely affect the price of ADSs. For example, certain provisions of our articles of association: 
 permit our board of directors to issue preferred shares with such rights and preferences as they may designate, subject to applicable law; 
 impose advance notice requirements for shareholder proposals and director nominations to be considered at annual shareholder meetings; and 
 require the approval of a supermajority of the voting power of our shares entitled to vote at a general meeting of shareholders to amend or repeal any provisions of our articles of association. 
 
 We believe these provisions, if implemented in compliance with applicable law, may provide some protection to holders of ADSs from coercive or otherwise unfair takeover tactics. These provisions are not intended to make us immune from takeovers. They will, however, apply even if some holders of ADSs consider an offer to be beneficial and could delay or prevent an acquisition that our Board of Directors determines is in the best interest of the holders of ADSs. Certain of these provisions may also prevent or discourage attempts to remove and replace incumbent directors. 
 In addition, mandatory provisions of Irish law could prevent or delay an acquisition of the Company by a third party. For example, Irish law does not permit shareholders of an Irish public limited company to take action by written consent with less than unanimous consent. In addition, an effort to acquire us may be subject to various provisions of Irish law relating to mandatory bids, voluntary bids, requirements to make a cash offer and minimum price requirements, as well as substantial acquisition rules and rules requiring the disclosure of interests in ADSs in certain circumstances. 
 -57- 

These provisions may discourage potential takeover attempts or bids for our ordinary shares at a premium over the market price or they may adversely affect the market price of, and the voting and other rights of the holders of, ADSs. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for holders of ADSs to elect directors other than the candidates nominated by our board of directors and could depress affect the market price of ADSs. 
 Irish law differs from the laws in effect in the U.S. and might afford less protection to the holders of ADSs and any actual or potential takeover offer for the company will be subject to Irish Takeover Rules. 
 
 Holders of ADSs could have more difficulty protecting their interests than would the shareholders of a corporation incorporated in a jurisdiction of the U.S. As an Irish-incorporated company, we are governed by Irish law, including the Irish Companies Act 2014 and the Irish Takeover Rules, which differs in some significant, and possibly material, respects from provisions set forth in various U.S. state laws applicable to U.S. corporations and their shareholders, including provisions relating to interested directors, mergers and acquisitions, takeovers, shareholder lawsuits and indemnification of directors. The duties of directors and officers of an Irish company are generally owed to the company only. Therefore, under Irish law shareholders of Irish companies do not generally have a right to commence a legal action against directors or officers and may only do so in limited circumstances. Directors of an Irish company must act with due care and skill, honestly and in good faith with a view to the best interests of the company. Directors must not put themselves in a position in which their duties to the company and their personal interests conflict and must disclose any personal interest in any contract or arrangement with the company or any of our subsidiaries. A director or officer can be held personally liable to the company in respect of a breach of duty to the company. 
 
 It may not be possible to enforce court judgments obtained in the U.S. against us in Ireland based on the civil liability provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws. In addition, there is some uncertainty as to whether the courts of Ireland would recognize or enforce judgments of U.S. courts obtained against us or our directors or officers based on the civil liabilities provisions of U.S. federal or state securities laws or hear actions against us or those persons based on those laws. We have been advised that the U.S. currently does not have a treaty with Ireland providing for the reciprocal recognition and enforcement of judgments in civil and commercial matters. Therefore, a final judgment for the payment of money rendered by any U.S. federal or state court based on civil liability, whether or not based solely on U.S. federal or state securities laws, would not automatically be enforceable in Ireland. 
 
 In addition, any actual or potential takeover offer for our company will be subject to the Irish Takeover Rules. Under the Irish Takeover Rules, during the course of an offer or at any earlier time during which our Board has reason to believe that an offer for our company may be imminent, the Board will not be permitted to take any action, other than seeking alternative offers, which might frustrate the making of an offer for our ordinary shares unless we obtain approval from our shareholders or from the Irish Takeover Panel for such action. Potentially frustrating actions that are prohibited during the course of an offer, or at any earlier time during which our Board has reason to believe an offer is or may be imminent, include (i) the issuance of shares, options or convertible securities or the redemption or purchase of own shares, (ii) material acquisitions or disposals, (iii) entering into contracts other than in the ordinary course of business or (iv) any action, other than seeking alternative offers, which may result in frustration of an offer. Accordingly, if these restrictions become applicable to us, we may be unable to take, or may be delayed in taking, certain actions, in connection with a financing, commercial or strategic transaction or otherwise, that we believe are in the best interest of the Company. 
 
 Judgments of U.S. courts, including those predicated on the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the U.S., may not be enforceable in Irish courts. 
 An investor in the U.S. may find it difficult to: 
 effect service of process within the U.S. against us and our non-U.S. resident directors and officers; 
 enforce U.S. court judgments based upon the civil liability provisions of the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our non-U.S. resident directors and officers in Ireland; or 
 bring an original action in an Irish court to enforce liabilities based upon the U.S. federal securities laws against us and our non-U.S. resident directors and officers. 
 
 Judgments of U.S. courts, including those predicated on the civil liability provisions of the federal securities laws of the United States, may not be enforceable in Cayman Islands courts. 
 
 We have been advised by our Cayman Islands legal counsel, Maples and Calder, that the courts of the Cayman Islands are unlikely (i) to recognize or enforce against us or Avadel judgments of courts of the U.S. predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the U.S. or any State; and (ii) in original actions brought in the Cayman Islands, to impose 
 -58- 

liabilities against us or Avadel predicated upon the civil liability provisions of the securities laws of the U.S. or any State, so far as the liabilities imposed by those provisions are penal in nature. In those circumstances, although there is no statutory enforcement in the Cayman Islands of judgments obtained in the U.S., the courts of the Cayman Islands will recognize and enforce a foreign money judgment of a foreign court of competent jurisdiction without retrial on the merits based on the principle that a judgment of a competent foreign court imposes upon the judgment debtor an obligation to pay the sum for which judgment has been given provided certain conditions are met. For a foreign judgment to be enforced in the Cayman Islands, such judgment must be final and conclusive and for a liquidated sum, and must not be in respect of taxes or a fine or penalty, inconsistent with a Cayman Islands judgment in respect of the same matter, impeachable on the grounds of fraud or obtained in a manner, and or be of a kind the enforcement of which is, contrary to natural justice or the public policy of the Cayman Islands (awards of punitive or multiple damages may well be held to be contrary to public policy). A Cayman Islands Court may stay enforcement proceedings if concurrent proceedings are being brought elsewhere. 
 
 Holders of ADSs have fewer rights than shareholders and have to act through the Depositary to exercise those rights. 
 Holders of ADSs do not have the same rights as shareholders and, accordingly, cannot exercise rights of shareholders against us. The Bank of New York Mellon, as depositary (the Depositary ), is the registered shareholder of the deposited shares underlying the ADSs. Therefore, holders of ADSs will generally have to exercise the rights attached to those shares through the Depositary. We will use reasonable efforts to request that the Depositary notify the holders of ADSs of upcoming votes and ask for voting instructions from them. If a holder fails to return a voting instruction card to the Depositary by the date established by the Depositary for receipt of such voting instructions, or if the Depositary receives an improperly completed or blank voting instruction card, or if the voting instructions included in the voting instruction card are illegible or unclear, then such holder will be deemed to have instructed the Depositary to vote its shares, and the Depositary shall vote such shares in favor of any resolution proposed or approved by our Board of Directors and against any resolution not so proposed or approved. 
 Security breaches and other disruptions could compromise confidential information and expose us to liability and cause our business and reputation to suffer. 
 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we collect and store on our networks various intellectual property including our proprietary business information and that of former customers, suppliers and business partners. The secure maintenance and transmission of this information is critical to our operations and business strategy. Despite our security measures, our information systems and infrastructure may be vulnerable to disruptions such as computer hacking, phishing attacks, ransomware, dissemination of computer viruses, worms and other destructive or disruptive software, attacks by hackers or breached due to employee error, malfeasance or other disruptions. Any such breach could compromise our networks and the information stored there could be accessed, publicly disclosed, lost or stolen. Any such access, disclosure or other loss of information could result in legal claims or proceedings, investigations by regulatory authorities in the U.S. and EU Member States, disruption to our operations and damage to our reputation, any of which could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We could suffer financial loss or the loss of valuable confidential information. Although we develop and maintain systems and controls designed to prevent these events from occurring and we have a process to identify and mitigate threats, the development and maintenance of these systems, controls and processes is costly and requires ongoing monitoring and updating as technologies change and efforts to overcome security measures become increasingly sophisticated. Moreover, despite our efforts, the possibility of these events occurring cannot be eliminated entirely and there can be no assurance that any measures we take will prevent cyber-attacks or security breaches that could adversely affect our business. 
 
 We have broad discretion in the use of our cash and may not use it effectively. 
 
 Our management has broad discretion in the use of our cash and may not apply our cash in ways that ultimately increases the value of any investment in our securities. We currently intend to use our cash to fund marketing activities for any future commercialized products, to fund certain clinical trials for product candidates, to fund research and development activities for potential new product candidates, and for working capital, capital expenditures and general corporate purposes. As in the past we expect to invest our excess cash in available-for-sale marketable securities, including corporate bonds, U.S. government securities, other fixed income securities and equities; and these investments may not yield a favorable return. If we do not invest or apply our cash effectively, our financial position and the price of ADSs may decline. 
 
 We currently do not intend to pay dividends and cannot assure the holders of our ADSs that we will make dividend payments in the future. 
 
 We have never declared or paid a cash dividend on any of our ordinary shares or ADSs and do not anticipate declaring cash dividends in the foreseeable future. Declaration of dividends will depend upon, among other things, future earnings, if any, the 
 -59- 

operating and financial condition of our business, our capital requirements, general business conditions and such other factors as our Board of Directors deems relevant. 
 
 Our effective tax rate could be highly volatile and could adversely affect our operating results. 
 
 Our future effective tax rate may be adversely affected by a number of factors, many of which are outside of our control, including: 
 
 the jurisdictions in which profits are determined to be earned and taxed; 
 changes in the valuation of our deferred tax assets and liabilities; 
 changes in share-based compensation expense; 
 changes in domestic or international tax laws or the interpretation of such tax laws; 
 changes in available tax credits; 
 adjustments to estimated taxes upon finalization of various tax returns; and 
 the resolution of issues arising from tax audits with various tax authorities. 
 
 Any significant increase in our future effective tax rates could impact our results of operations for future periods adversely. 
 
 Changes in tax law could adversely affect our business and financial condition. 
 
 We are subject to income and other taxes in the U.S. and foreign jurisdictions. Changes to applicable U.S. or foreign tax laws and regulations, or their interpretation and application (which changes may have retroactive application), including with respect to net operating losses and research and development tax credits, could adversely affect us or holders of our ordinary shares or ADSs. In recent years, many such changes have been made and changes are likely to continue to occur in the future. Future changes in tax laws could have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flow, financial condition or results of operations. We urge investors to consult with their legal and tax advisors regarding the implications of potential changes in tax laws on an investment in our ordinary shares or ADSs. 
 
 Our ability to use our net operating loss carryforwards and certain other tax attributes may be limited . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 124,443 of net operating losses in the U.S. Of the 124,443 of net operating losses in the U.S., 10,365 were acquired due to the acquisition of FSC Therapeutics and FSC Laboratories, Inc., (collectively FSC and 114,078 are due to the losses at Avadel US Holdings, Inc. The portion due to the acquisition of FSC will expire in 2034 through 2035. The U.S. net operating losses acquired as part of the acquisition of FSC are subject to an annual limitation under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and 1,473 of the 10,365 will not be fully utilized before they expire. The remaining 114,078 of net operating losses do not have an expiration date. 
 
 Under U.S. federal tax legislation enacted in 2017, informally titled the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act Tax Act ), U.S. federal net operating losses incurred in 2018 and in future years may be carried forward indefinitely, but the deductibility of such U.S. federal net operating losses is limited. Under Sections 382 and 383 of the U.S. Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (the Code if a corporation undergoes an ownership change (generally defined as a greater than 50 percentage-point cumulative change (by value) in the equity ownership of certain shareholders over a rolling three-year period), the corporation s ability to use its pre-change net operating losses and other pre-change tax attributes to offset its post-change taxable income or taxes may be limited. We may also experience ownership changes as a result of this offering or future issuances of our stock or as a result of subsequent shifts in our stock ownership, some of which are outside our control. We have completed an analysis to determine that no events have been triggered in the past. If any ownership changes are determined to be triggered in the future, our ability to use our current net operating losses to offset post-change taxable income or taxes would be subject to limitation. We will be unable to use our net operating losses if we do not attain profitability sufficient to offset our available net operating losses prior to their expiration. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had approximately 147,240 of net operating losses in Ireland that do not have an expiration date. While these losses do not have an expiration date, substantial changes in the activities performed in these jurisdictions could have an impact on our ability to utilize these tax attributes in the future. 
 
 -60- 

U.S. Holders of ordinary shares or ADSs may suffer adverse U.S. tax consequences if we are classified as a passive foreign investment company. 
 
 Generally, if, for any taxable year, at least 75 of our gross income is passive income, or at least 50 of the value of our assets is attributable to assets that produce passive income or are held for the production of passive income, including cash, we would be characterized as a passive foreign investment company PFIC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. For purposes of these tests, passive income includes dividends, interest, and gains from the sale or exchange of investment property and rents and royalties other than rents and royalties that are received from unrelated parties in connection with the active conduct of a trade or business. Our status as a PFIC depends on the composition of our income and the composition and value of our assets (for which purpose the total value of our assets may be determined in part by the market value of the ordinary shares or ADSs, which are subject to change) from time to time. If we are characterized as a PFIC, U.S. Holders (as defined below under Material U.S. Federal Income Tax Considerations for U.S. Holders of ordinary shares or ADSs may suffer materially adverse tax consequences, including having gains realized on the sale of ordinary shares or ADSs treated as ordinary income, rather than capital gain, the loss of the preferential rate applicable to dividends received on ordinary shares or ADSs by individuals who are U.S. Holders, and having interest charges apply to distributions by us and the proceeds of sales of ordinary shares or ADSs. 
 
 We believe that we were not a PFIC for the taxable year ending December 31, 2022 and, based on the expected value of our assets, including any goodwill, and the expected nature and composition of our income and assets, we expect that we will not be a PFIC for our current taxable year. However, our status as a PFIC is a fact-intensive determination subject to various uncertainties, and we cannot provide any assurances regarding our PFIC status for the current, prior or future taxable years. 
 
 Certain U.S. Holders that own 10 percent or more of the vote or value of ordinary shares or ADSs may suffer adverse U.S. tax consequences because our non-U.S. subsidiaries are expected to be classified as controlled foreign corporations. 
 
 Each Ten Percent Shareholder (as defined below) in a non-U.S. corporation that is classified as a controlled foreign corporation, or a CFC, for U.S. federal income tax purposes generally is required to include in income for U.S. federal tax purposes such Ten Percent Shareholder s pro rata share of the CFC s Subpart F income and investment of earnings in U.S. property, even if the CFC has made no distributions to its shareholders. Subpart F income generally includes dividends, interest, rents, royalties, global intangible low-taxed income, gains from the sale of securities and income from certain transactions with related parties. In addition, a Ten Percent Shareholder that realizes gain from the sale or exchange of shares in a CFC may be required to classify a portion of such gain as dividend income rather than capital gain. A non-U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a CFC for U.S. federal income tax purposes if Ten Percent Shareholders own, directly or indirectly, more than 50 of either the total combined voting power of all classes of stock of such corporation entitled to vote or of the total value of the stock of such corporation. A Ten Percent Shareholder is a U.S. person (as defined by the Code) who owns or is considered to own 10 or more of the total combined voting power of all classes of stock entitled to vote or 10 or more of the total value of all classes of stock of such corporation. 
 
 We believe that we were not a CFC in the 2022 taxable year, but that our non-U.S. subsidiaries were CFCs in the 2022 taxable year. We anticipate that our non-U.S. subsidiaries will remain CFCs in the 2022 taxable year, and it is possible that we may become a CFC in the 2023 taxable year or in a subsequent taxable year. The determination of CFC status is complex and includes attribution rules, the application of which is not entirely certain. U.S. Holders should consult their own tax advisors with respect to the potential adverse U.S. tax consequences of becoming a Ten Percent Shareholder in a CFC, including the possibility and consequences of becoming a Ten Percent Shareholder in one or more of our non-U.S. subsidiaries that are anticipated to be treated as CFCs. If we are classified as both a CFC and a PFIC, we generally will not be treated as a PFIC with respect to those U.S. Holders that meet the definition of a Ten Percent Shareholder during the period in which we are a CFC, subject to certain exceptions. 
 
 We incur significant costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management is required to devote substantial time to compliance requirements, including establishing and maintaining internal controls over financial reporting. We had identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting during 2021 that was remediated in 2022. We may be exposed to potential risks if we are unable to comply the requirements to maintain internal controls over financial reporting or if we identify additional material weaknesses. 
 
 As a public company in the United States organized, we are subject to the reporting requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the listing rules of the Nasdaq Stock Market ("Nasdaq"), and incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses to comply with applicable requirements. These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring certain corporate governance practices. Our management and other 
 -61- 

personnel devote a substantial amount of time to these requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and make some activities more time-consuming and costly. 
 
 For example, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (the "Sarbanes-Oxley Act") requires, among other things, that we maintain effective internal controls for financial reporting and disclosure controls and procedures. In particular, we must perform system and process evaluations and testing of our internal controls over financial reporting to allow management to report on the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting, as required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Such compliance may require that we incur substantial accounting expenses and expend significant management efforts. 
 
 In connection with the Company s fiscal 2021 financial statement close process, management identified a deficiency in the design of internal control over financial reporting related to its February 2023 Notes indenture, which has been remediated. In the future we may determine that we have additional material weaknesses. Our failure to remediate the material weaknesses or failure to identify and address any other material weaknesses or control deficiencies could result in inaccuracies in our financial statements and could also impair our ability to comply with applicable financial reporting requirements and related regulatory filings on a timely basis, which could cause investors to lose confidence in our reported financial information, which may result in volatility in and a decline in the market price of our ADSs. 
 
 Our disclosure controls and procedures may not prevent or detect all errors or acts of fraud. 
 
 We are subject to the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act. We designed our disclosure controls and procedures to reasonably assure that information we must disclose in reports we file or submit under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to management, and recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the rules and forms of the SEC. We believe that any disclosure controls and procedures or internal controls and procedures, no matter how well-conceived and operated, can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. These inherent limitations include the realities that judgments in decision-making can be faulty, and that breakdowns can occur because of simple error or mistake. Additionally, controls can be circumvented by the individual acts of some persons, by collusion of two or more people or by an unauthorized override of the controls. Accordingly, because of the inherent limitations in our control system, misstatements due to error or fraud may occur and not be detected. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of ADSs by us or existing security holders in the public market could cause our share price to fall. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of ADSs by us or existing security holders in the public market or the perception that these sales might occur could depress the market price of ADSs and could impair our ability to raise capital through the sale of additional equity securities. We are unable to predict the effect that such sales may have on the prevailing market price of ADSs. In addition, the sale of substantial amounts of ADSs could adversely impact its price. As of March 23, 2023, we had outstanding 64,478 ordinary shares, 488 ordinary shares issuable upon conversion of our preferred shares, options to purchase 9,578 ordinary shares or ADSs, with an average exercise price of 6.70, and unsettled restricted shares and performance shares relating to 34 ordinary shares. In addition, ordinary shares are issuable upon exchange of our outstanding Notes. The sale or the availability for sale of a large number of ADSs in the public market could cause the price of ADSs to decline. 
 
 Because we expect we will need to raise additional capital to fund our future activities, we may in the future sell substantial amounts of ADSs or securities convertible into or exchangeable for ordinary shares. 
 
 If securities analysts do not publish research or reports about our business or if they publish negative evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. 
 
 The trading market for our common stock relies in part on the research and reports that industry or financial analysts publish about us or our business. We do not have control over these analysts. There can be no assurance that existing analysts will continue to provide research coverage or that new analysts will begin to provide research coverage. Although we have obtained analyst coverage, if one or more of the analysts covering our business downgrade their evaluations of our stock, the price of our stock could decline. If one or more of these analysts cease to cover our stock, we could lose visibility in the market for our stock, which in turn could cause our stock price to decline. 
 
 -62- 

A transfer of ordinary shares may be subject to Irish stamp duty. 
 
 Transfers of ordinary shares (as opposed to ADSs) could be subject to Irish stamp duty (currently at the rate of 1 of the higher of the price paid or the market value of the shares acquired). Payment of Irish stamp duty is generally a legal obligation of the transferee. Although transfers of ADSs are not subject to Irish stamp duty, the potential for stamp duty to arise on transfers of ordinary shares could adversely affect the price of our ordinary shares or ADSs. 
 
 Our business is affected by macroeconomic conditions, including rising inflation, interest rates and supply chain constraints. 
 
 Various macroeconomic factors could adversely affect our business and the results of our operations and financial condition, including changes in inflation, interest rates and overall economic conditions and uncertainties such as those resulting from the current and future conditions in the global financial markets. Recent supply chain constraints have led to higher inflation, which if sustained could have a negative impact on our product candidate development, commercialization preparations for LUMRYZ, if approved, and operations. If inflation or other factors were to significantly increase our business costs, our ability to develop our current pipeline and new therapeutic products may be negatively affected. Interest rates, the liquidity of the credit markets and the volatility of the capital markets could also affect the operation of our business and our ability to raise capital on favorable terms, or at all, in order to fund our operations. Similarly, these macroeconomic factors could affect the ability of our third-party suppliers and manufacturers to manufacture clinical trial materials for our product candidates and the potential commercial launch of LUMRYZ. 
 
 Adverse developments affecting the financial services industry, such as actual events or concerns involving liquidity, defaults, or non-performance by financial institutions or transactional counterparties, could adversely affect the Company s current and projected business operations and its financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Actual events involving limited liquidity, defaults, non-performance or other adverse developments that affect financial institutions, transactional counterparties or other companies in the financial services industry or the financial services industry generally, or concerns or rumors about any events of these kinds or other similar risks, have in the past and may in the future lead to market-wide liquidity problems. For example, on March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. Similarly, on March 12, 2023, Signature Bank and Silvergate Capital Corp. were each swept into receivership. Although a statement by the Department of the Treasury, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC indicated that all depositors of SVB would have access to all of their money after only one business day of closure, including funds held in uninsured deposit accounts, borrowers under credit agreements, letters of credit and certain other financial instruments with SVB, Signature Bank or any other financial institution that is placed into receivership by the FDIC may be unable to access undrawn amounts thereunder. Although we are not a borrower or party to any such instruments with SVB, Signature or any other financial institution currently in receivership, if any of our lenders or counterparties to any such instruments were to be placed into receivership, we may be unable to access such funds. In addition, if any of our customers, suppliers or other parties with whom we conduct business are unable to access funds pursuant to such instruments or lending arrangements with such a financial institution, such parties ability to pay their obligations to us or to enter into new commercial arrangements requiring additional payments to us could be adversely affected. In this regard, counterparties to SVB credit agreements and arrangements, and third parties such as beneficiaries of letters of credit (among others), may experience direct impacts from the closure of SVB and uncertainty remains over liquidity concerns in the broader financial services industry. Similar impacts have occurred in the past, such as during the 2008-2010 financial crisis. 
 
 Inflation and rapid increases in interest rates have led to a decline in the trading value of previously issued government securities with interest rates below current market interest rates. Although the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board have announced a program to provide up to 25 billion of loans to financial institutions secured by certain of such government securities held by financial institutions to mitigate the risk of potential losses on the sale of such instruments, widespread demands for customer withdrawals or other liquidity needs of financial institutions for immediately liquidity may exceed the capacity of such program. Additionally, there is no guarantee that the U.S. Department of Treasury, FDIC and Federal Reserve Board will provide access to uninsured funds in the future in the event of the closure of other banks or financial institutions, or that they would do so in a timely fashion. 
 
 Although we assess our banking and customer relationships as we believe necessary or appropriate, our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect the Company, the financial institutions with which the Company has credit agreements or arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services 
 -63- 

industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which the Company has financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 
 
 The results of events or concerns that involve one or more of these factors could include a variety of material and adverse impacts on our current and projected business operations and our financial condition and results of operations. These could include, but may not be limited to, the following: 
 
 Delayed access to deposits or other financial assets or the uninsured loss of deposits or other financial assets; 
 Delayed or lost access to, or reductions in borrowings available under revolving existing credit facilities or other working capital sources and/or delays, inability or reductions in the company s ability to refund, roll over or extend the maturity of, or enter into new credit facilities or other working capital resources; 
 Potential or actual breach of contractual obligations that require the Company to maintain letters of credit or other credit support arrangements; 
 Potential or actual breach of financial covenants in our credit agreements or credit arrangements; 
 Potential or actual breach of our long-term debt obligations; 
 Potential or actual cross-defaults in other credit agreements, credit arrangements or operating or financing agreements; or 
 Termination of cash management arrangements and/or delays in accessing or actual loss of funds subject to cash management arrangements. 
 
 In addition, investor concerns regarding the U.S. or international financial systems could result in less favorable commercial financing terms, including higher interest rates or costs and tighter financial and operating covenants, or systemic limitations on access to credit and liquidity sources, thereby making it more difficult for us to acquire financing on acceptable terms or at all. Any decline in available funding or access to our cash and liquidity resources could, among other risks, adversely impact our ability to meet our operating expenses, financial obligations or fulfill our other obligations, result in breaches of our financial and/or contractual obligations or result in violations of federal or state wage and hour laws. Any of these impacts, or any other impacts resulting from the factors described above or other related or similar factors not described above, could have material adverse impacts on our liquidity and our current and/or projected business operations and financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 In addition, any further deterioration in the macroeconomic economy or financial services industry could lead to losses or defaults by our customers or parties with whom we conduct business, which in turn, could have a material adverse effect on our current and/or projected business operations and results of operations and financial condition. For example, a party with whom we conduct business may fail to make payments when due, default under their agreements with us, become insolvent or declare bankruptcy, or a supplier may determine that it will no longer deal with us as a customer. In addition, a party with whom we conduct business could be adversely affected by any of the liquidity or other risks described above as factors that could result in material adverse impacts on the Company, including but not limited to delayed access or loss of access to uninsured deposits or loss of the ability to draw on existing credit facilities involving a troubled or failed financial institution. Any customer or supplier bankruptcy or insolvency, or the failure of any customer to make payments when due, or any breach or default by a customer or supplier, or the loss of any significant supplier relationships, could result in material losses to the Company and may have a material adverse impact on our business. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments. 
 None. 

Item 2. Properties. 
 We have commercial and administrative activities located in Chesterfield, Missouri. Our current office space consists of 24,236 square feet, and the lease expires in 2025. 
 
 See Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations in Part II, Item 7 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information regarding our investment activities and principal capital expenditures over the last two years. 
 
 -64- 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings. 
 For information regarding legal proceedings we are involved in, see Note 11: Contingent Liabilities and Commitments to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures. 
 Not applicable. 
 -65- 

PART II 

Item 5. Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities. 
 
 Common Stock Data (per share): 
 
 The principal trading market for our securities in ADSs is the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol AVDL . There is no foreign trading market for our ordinary shares, ADSs or any other equity security issued by us. Each ADS represents one ordinary share, nominal value 0.01. The Bank of New York Mellon is the Depositary for the ADSs. 
 
 As of March 23, 2023, there were 64,477,508 ordinary shares outstanding, and our closing stock price was 9.14 per share. 
 
 The following table reports the high and low trading prices of the ADSs on the Nasdaq Global Market for the periods indicated: 
 2022 Price Range 2021 Price Range High Low High Low First quarter 8.29 5.46 10.07 6.61 Second quarter 6.95 1.07 9.05 6.73 Third quarter 7.31 2.57 9.91 6.49 Fourth quarter 10.00 5.02 11.18 7.34 
 
 Holders 
 
 As of March 23, 2023, there were 78 holders of record of our ordinary shares and 64 accounts registered with The Bank of New York Mellon, the Depositary of our ADS program, as holders of ADSs, one of which ADS accounts is registered to the Depositary Trust Corporation DTC ). Because our ADSs are generally held of record by brokers, nominees and other institutions as participants in DTC on behalf of the beneficial owners of such ADSs, we are unable to estimate the total number of beneficial owners of the ADSs held by these record holders. 
 
 Dividends 
 We have never declared or paid a cash dividend on any of our shares and do not anticipate declaring cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Equity Compensation Plan 
 The information required by Item 5 of Form 10-K regarding equity compensation plans is incorporated herein by reference to Item 12 of Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 
 We did not repurchase any of our equity securities during the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 
 None. 
 
 Irish taxes applicable to U.S. holders 
 
 The following is a general summary of the main Irish tax considerations applicable to the purchase, ownership and disposition of our ordinary shares by U.S. holders. It is based on existing Irish law and practices in effect on March 16, 2023, and on discussions and correspondence with the Irish Revenue Commissioners. Legislative, administrative or judicial changes may modify the tax consequences described below. 
 
 The statements do not constitute tax advice and are intended only as a general guide. Furthermore, this information applies only to our ordinary shares held as capital assets and does not apply to all categories of shareholders, such as dealers in securities, trustees, insurance companies, collective investment schemes and shareholders who acquire, or who are deemed to acquire, 
 -66- 

their ordinary shares by virtue of an office or employment. This summary is not exhaustive and shareholders should consult their own tax advisers as to the tax consequences in Ireland, or other relevant jurisdictions where we operate, including the acquisition, ownership and disposition of ordinary shares. 
 
 Withholding tax on dividends 
 
 While we have no current plans to pay dividends, dividends on our ordinary shares would generally be subject to Irish dividend withholding tax DWT at 25 , unless an exemption applies. Dividends on our ordinary shares that are owned by residents of the U.S. and held beneficially through the Depositary Trust Company DTC would not be expected to be subject to DWT provided that the address of the beneficial owner of the ordinary shares in the records of the broker is in the U.S. 
 
 Dividends on our ordinary shares that are owned by residents of the U.S. and held directly (outside of DTC) will not be subject to DWT provided that the shareholder (a) where the shareholder is a body corporate, is not under the control of persons resident 
 in Ireland and (b) has completed the appropriate Irish DWT form and this form remains valid. Such shareholders must provide the appropriate Irish DWT form to our transfer agent at least seven business days before the record date for the first dividend payment to which they are entitled. 
 
 If any shareholder who is resident in the U.S. receives a dividend subject to DWT, he or she should generally be able to make an application for a refund from the Irish Revenue Commissioners on the prescribed form. 
 
 Income tax on dividends 
 
 Irish income tax, if any, may arise in respect of dividends paid by us. However, a shareholder who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and who is entitled to an exemption from DWT, generally has no liability for Irish income tax or to the universal social charge on a dividend from us, unless he or she holds his or her ordinary shares through a branch or agency in Ireland which carries out a trade on his or her behalf. 
 
 Irish tax on capital gains 
 
 A shareholder who is neither resident nor ordinarily resident in Ireland and does not hold our ordinary shares in connection with a trade or business carried on by such shareholder in Ireland through a branch or agency, should not be within the scope of the charge to Irish tax on capital gains on a disposal of our ordinary shares. 
 
 A shareholder who is an individual and who is temporarily not resident in Ireland may, under Irish anti-avoidance legislation, still be liable for Irish tax on capital gains on any chargeable gain realized upon the disposal of our ordinary shares during the period in which such individual is a non-resident. 
 
 Capital acquisitions tax 
 
 Irish capital acquisitions tax CAT is comprised principally of gift tax and inheritance tax. CAT could apply to a gift or inheritance of our ordinary shares irrespective of the place of residence, ordinary residence or domicile of the parties. This is because our ordinary shares are regarded as property situated in Ireland as our share register must be held in Ireland. The person who receives the gift or inheritance has primary liability for CAT. 
 
 CAT is levied at a rate of 33 above certain tax free thresholds. The appropriate tax free threshold is dependent upon (i) the relationship between the donor and the recipient, and (ii) the aggregation of the values of previous gifts and inheritances received by the recipient from persons within the same category of relationship for CAT purposes. Gifts and inheritances passing between spouses are exempt from CAT. Children currently have a tax-free threshold of 335,000 in respect of taxable gifts or inheritances received from their parents. Our shareholders should consult their own tax advisers as to whether CAT is creditable or deductible in computing any domestic tax liabilities. 
 
 Stamp duty 
 
 Irish stamp duty, if any, may become payable in respect of ordinary share transfers. However, a transfer of our ordinary shares from a seller who holds shares through DTC to a buyer who holds the acquired shares through DTC should not be subject to Irish stamp duty. A transfer of our ordinary shares (i) by a seller who holds ordinary shares outside of DTC to any buyer, or (ii) by a seller who holds the ordinary shares through DTC to a buyer who holds the acquired ordinary shares outside of DTC, may be subject to Irish stamp duty, which is currently at the rate of 1 of the price paid or the market value of the ordinary shares acquired, if greater. The person accountable for payment of stamp duty is the buyer or, in the case of a transfer by way of a gift or for less than market value, all parties to the transfer. 
 
 A shareholder who holds ordinary shares outside of DTC may transfer those ordinary shares into DTC without giving rise to Irish stamp duty provided that the shareholder would be the beneficial owner of the related book entry interest in those ordinary 
 -67- 

shares recorded in the systems of DTC, and in exactly the same proportions, as a result of the transfer and at the time of the transfer into DTC there is no sale of those book entry interests to a third party being contemplated by the shareholder. Similarly, a shareholder who holds ordinary shares through DTC may transfer those ordinary shares out of DTC without giving rise to Irish stamp duty provided that the shareholder would be the beneficial owner of the ordinary shares, and in exactly the same proportions, as a result of the transfer, and at the time of the transfer out of DTC there is no sale of those ordinary shares to a third party being contemplated by the shareholder. In order for the share registrar to be satisfied as to the application of this Irish stamp duty treatment where relevant, the shareholder must confirm to us that the shareholder would be the beneficial owner of the related book entry interest in those ordinary shares recorded in the systems of DTC, and in exactly the same proportions or vice versa, as a result of the transfer and there is no agreement for the sale of the related book entry interest or the ordinary shares or an interest in the ordinary shares, as the case may be, by the shareholder to a third party being contemplated. 
 
 Share Performance Graph 
 
 The following graph compares the cumulative 5-year return provided to shareholders of Avadel s ADSs relative to the cumulative total returns of the Nasdaq Composite Index and the Nasdaq Biotechnology Index. We believe these indices are the most appropriate indices against which the total shareholder return of Avadel should be measured. The Nasdaq Biotechnology Index has been selected because it is an index of U.S. quoted biotechnology and pharmaceutical companies. An investment of 100 (with reinvestment of all dividends) is assumed to have been made in our ADSs and in each of the indexes on January 1, 2018 and our relative performance is tracked through December 31, 2022. The comparisons shown in the graph are based upon historical data and we caution that the stock price performance shown in the graph is not indicative of, or intended to forecast, the potential future performance of our stock. 

This performance graph shall not be deemed filed for purposes of Section 18 of the Exchange Act. Notwithstanding any statement to the contrary set forth in any of our filings under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Exchange Act that might incorporate future filings, including this Annual Report on Form 10-K, in whole or in part, this performance graph shall not be incorporated by reference into any such filings except as may be expressly set forth by specific reference in any such filing. 

Item 6. Reserved. 
 
 Not Applicable. 

-68- 

Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

(In thousands, except per share data) 
 You should read the discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations set forth in this Item 7 together with our consolidated financial statements and the related notes appearing elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Some of the information contained in this discussion and analysis or set forth elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, including information with respect to our plans and strategy for our business and related financing, includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and uncertainties, and reference is made to the Cautionary Disclosure Regarding Forward-Looking Statements set forth immediately following the Table of Content of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further information on the forward looking statements herein. In addition, you should read the Risk Factors section of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for a discussion of important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from the results described in or implied by the forward-looking statements contained in the following discussion and analysis and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Information pertaining to fiscal year 2020 was included in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, on pages 63 through 73, under Part II, Item 7, Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, which was filed with the SEC on March 16, 2022. 
 
 -69- 

Overview 
 Nature of Operations 
 Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (Nasdaq: AVDL) Avadel, the Company, we, our, or us is a biopharmaceutical company. Our lead product candidate, LUMRYZ, also known as FT218, is an investigational once-at-bedtime, extended-release formulation of sodium oxybate for the treatment of cataplexy or excessive daytime sleepiness EDS in adults with narcolepsy. We are primarily focused on obtaining final U.S. FDA approval of LUMRYZ and the launch of LUMRYZ, if approved. 
 
 Outside of our lead product candidate, we continue to evaluate opportunities to expand our product portfolio. As of the date of this Annual Report, we do not have any commercialized products in our portfolio. 

LUMRYZ 
 
 LUMRYZ is an investigational once-at-bedtime formulation of sodium oxybate that uses our proprietary drug-delivery technology for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy. Sodium oxybate is the sodium salt of gamma hydroxybutyrate, an endogenous compound and metabolite of the neurotransmitter gamma-aminobutyric acid. Immediate release sodium oxybate is approved in the U.S. for the treatment of cataplexy in narcolepsy as well as EDS in narcolepsy and is approved in Europe for the treatment of cataplexy in narcolepsy. Since 2002, sodium oxybate has only been available as an immediate-release formulation that must be taken twice nightly, first at bedtime, and then again 2.5 to 4 hours later. 
 
 On July 18, 2022, the FDA granted tentative approval to LUMRYZ for the treatment of cataplexy or EDS in adults with narcolepsy. Tentative approval indicates that LUMRYZ has met all required quality, safety, and efficacy standards necessary for approval in the U.S. as of the date that the tentative approval was granted, but that the drug cannot receive final FDA approval until expiry or other disposition of a third-party exclusivity period. That tentative approval was granted based on the FDA s determination that the LUMRYZ label implicated the use code listed in FDA s Orange Book for U.S. Patent No. 8731963 (the REMS Patent ). The owner of the REMS Patent subsequently requested delisting of that patent from the Orange Book on February 28, 2023, and we subsequently submitted an amendment to the FDA on March 1, 2023, requesting final FDA approval of the LUMRYZ NDA. The Company is currently awaiting a final approval decision from the FDA. Based on typical target turnarounds for the FDA and information provided in the tentative approval letter with respect to minor amendments, the Company anticipates timing for a final approval decision to be around early May of 2023. There can be no guarantee that the FDA will act within the anticipated timing. 
 
 The FDA s tentative approval can be subject to change based on new information that may come to the FDA s attention between such time as the tentative approval and potential final approval. We cannot legally market LUMRYZ in the U.S. until final approval is granted by the FDA. In addition, if the FDA concludes that LUMRYZ is the same drug product as a previously approved product having unexpired orphan drug exclusivity (e.g., Xywav), we would need to demonstrate that LUMRYZ is clinically superior to that previously approved product before the FDA grants final approval to our NDA. If the FDA determines the previously approved product is not the same drug product for purposes of orphan drug exclusivity, then any unexpired orphan drug exclusivity would not be relevant to a final approval decision for LUMRYZ. In an effort to expedite the time between a potential final approval of LUMRYZ and product availability, we are advancing our preparations for the commercial launch of LUMRYZ, which we expect to occur late in the second quarter or sometime in the third quarter of 2023, subject to receiving final approval by the FDA. For example, on March 15, 2023, we were notified by the FDA that we are permitted to conduct certain pre-launch activities including the importation of foreign manufactured product under the Pre-launch Activities Importation Request PLAIR Program. 
 
 With respect to clinical data generated for LUMRYZ, we conducted a Phase 3 clinical trial of LUMRYZ (the REST-ON trial ), which was a randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled study that enrolled 212 patients who received at least one dose of LUMRYZ or placebo, and was conducted in clinical sites in the U.S., Canada, Western Europe and Australia. The last patient s last visit was completed at the end of the first quarter of 2020, and positive top line data from the REST-ON trial was announced on April 27, 2020. Patients who received 9 g of once-at-bedtime LUMRYZ, the highest dose administered in the trial, demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement compared to placebo across the three co-primary endpoints of the trial: maintenance of wakefulness test MWT ), clinical global impression-improvement CGI-I ), and mean weekly cataplexy attacks. The lower doses assessed, 6 g and 7.5 g, also demonstrated statistically significant and clinically meaningful improvement on all three co-primary endpoints compared to placebo. We observed the 9 g dose of once-at-bedtime LUMRYZ to be generally well-tolerated. Adverse reactions commonly associated with sodium oxybate were observed in a small number of patients (nausea 1.3 , vomiting 5.2 , decreased appetite 2.6 , dizziness 5.2 , somnolence 3.9 , tremor 1.3 and enuresis 9 ), and 3.9 of the patients who received 9 g of LUMRYZ discontinued the trial due to 
 -70- 

adverse reactions. 
 
 In January 2018, the FDA granted LUMRYZ orphan drug designation for the treatment of narcolepsy, which makes LUMRYZ potentially eligible for certain development and commercial incentives, including potential U.S. market exclusivity for up to seven years. Additionally, thirteen LUMRYZ-related U.S. patents have been issued, and there are additional patent applications currently in development and/or pending at the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office USPTO ), as well as foreign patent offices. 
 
 In July 2020, we announced that the first patient was dosed in our open-label extension OLE )/switch study of LUMRYZ as a potential treatment for cataplexy or EDS in patients with narcolepsy RESTORE ). The RESTORE study is examining the long-term safety and maintenance of efficacy of LUMRYZ in patients with narcolepsy who participated in the REST-ON study, as well as dosing and preference data for patients switching from twice-nightly sodium oxybate to once-at-bedtime LUMRYZ, regardless of whether they participated in REST-ON. In May 2021, inclusion criteria were expanded to allow for oxybate na ve patients to enter the study. 
 
 New secondary endpoints from the REST-ON trial were presented at the American Academy of Neurology, beginning April 17, 2021. The first poster described LUMRYZ improvements in disturbed nocturnal sleep DNS ), defined in REST-ON as the number of shifts from stages N1, N2, N3, and rapid eye movement REM sleep to wake and from stages N2, N3, and REM sleep to stage N1. LUMRYZ also decreased the number of nocturnal arousals as measured on polysomnography. Improvements in DNS were further supported by post-hoc analyses demonstrating increased time in deep sleep (N3, also known as slow wave sleep), and less time in N1. A second poster described the statistically significant improvements in the Epworth Sleepiness Scale ESS ), both the quality of sleep and the refreshing nature of sleep, and a decrease in sleep paralysis. These clinically relevant improvements were observed for all doses, beginning at week 3, for the lowest 6 g dose, compared to placebo. LUMRYZ did not demonstrate significant improvement for hypnagogic hallucinations compared to placebo. 
 
 Additional data supportive of the efficacy findings in REST-ON were presented at the 35th Annual Meeting of the Associated Professional Sleep Societies, a joint meeting of the American Academy of Sleep Medicine and the Sleep Research Society, also known as SLEEP 2021, beginning June 10, 2021. New data included post-hoc analyses demonstrating endpoints improvements, regardless of concomitant stimulant use, in both narcolepsy Type 1 NT1 or Type 2 NT2 ). Additionally, a post-hoc analysis showed that LUMRYZ was associated with decreased body mass index compared to placebo, which may be relevant as people with narcolepsy often have co-morbid obesity. In August 2021, the primary results from the REST-ON trial were published by Kushida et al. in the journal SLEEP. 
 
 New data was presented at the American College of Chest Physicians annual meeting CHEST ), beginning October 17, 2021, including additional post-hoc analyses from the REST-ON trial, demonstrating a greater proportion of patients receiving LUMRYZ experienced reductions in weekly cataplexy attacks and improvement in mean sleep latency compared to placebo, as well as the results of a discrete choice experiment, indicating that the overall driver of patient preference between sodium oxybate treatments is a once-at-bedtime, versus twice-nightly, formulation. 
 
 New data was presented at World Sleep 2022 Congress in March 2022, in Rome, Italy. A total of eight posters were presented, including five new post-hoc analyses from the REST-ON trial. Most notably, the post-hoc analyses showed that LUMRYZ demonstrated improvement in subjective measures of daytime sleepiness, sleep quality and refreshing nature of sleep as early as week 1 with the 4.5 g starting dose, with even greater improvement at week 2 soon after starting the 6 g dose compared to placebo. Additional post-hoc analyses, stratified by narcolepsy type, as well as concomitant stimulant use, or without stimulants, demonstrated positive results that are generally consistent with previously reported positive endpoints from REST-ON and add to the existing body of evidence for LUMRYZ. 
 
 In addition, the results of a discrete choice experiment DCE were presented, which showed that once-at-bedtime dosing, when compared to twice-nightly dosing, was the most important attribute driving both patient and clinician preference for overall oxybate product choice, as well as patient quality of life and reduction of patient anxiety/stress; dosing frequency (twice-nightly versus once-at-bedtime) was also viewed as a more important attribute as compared to other attributes assessed, including sodium content. Accompanying the DCE was a background survey for both patients and clinicians, which showed that dosing frequency was noted as a significant stressor by both patients and clinicians. The World Sleep 2022 presentations also included the first presentation of an interim safety analysis from the ongoing RESTORE study, which showed that LUMRYZ has generally been well-tolerated, with some patients receiving therapy for more than 18 months. 
 
 Additional peer-reviewed publications have included data on improvement on DNS, the first DCE and a Plain Language Summary reviewing sodium oxybate and cardiovascular health, which did not identify a signal of cardiovascular disease in the 
 -71- 

twenty years that sodium oxybate has been available. At the annual SLEEP Congress in June 2022, nine posters were presented, including five post-hoc analyses from REST-ON which support the following: 
 
 A low number-needed-to-treat to achieve effectiveness across all three evaluated doses, as well as effect sizes, showing a moderate-to-high effect for improving MWT, ESS, and number of cataplexy attacks; 
 
 Confirmation via various statistical methods to handle missing data that LUMRYZ improved cataplexy and EDS symptoms versus placebo; 
 
 Confirmation of benefit for NT1 and NT2 for DNS and ESS; 
 
 Confirmation of benefit for subgroups taking stimulants and those without stimulants for DNS and ESS; and 
 
 Early efficacy (Week 1 and Week 2) for ESS, refreshing nature of sleep and quality of sleep. 
 
 In addition, interim data from RESTORE were presented demonstrating that a high proportion of patients switching from twice-nightly sodium oxybate formulations had difficulty in taking the second dose, with a high proportion (92.5 stating a preference for the once-at-bedtime dosing regimen and that most participants (62 switching from twice-nightly sodium oxybate formulations had a stable dose equal to their starting dose; participants not currently taking sodium oxybate formulations or oxybate naive reached a stable dose with 2 4 dose titrations within four weeks. 
 
 Additional peer-review publications have included a relative bioavailability pharmacokinetics PK study and a Plain Language Summary of the primary REST-ON trial results. 
 
 We believe LUMRYZ has the potential to demonstrate improved dosing compliance, safety and patient satisfaction over the current standards of care for cataplexy or EDS in patients with narcolepsy. 
 
 Key Business Trends and Highlights 
 
 In operating our business and monitoring our performance, we consider a number of performance measures, as well as trends affecting our industry as a whole, which include the following: 
 
 Healthcare and Regulatory Reform : Various health care reform laws in the U.S. may impact our ability to successfully commercialize our products and technologies. The success of our commercialization efforts may depend on the extent to which the government health administration authorities, the health insurance funds in the E.U. Member States, private health insurers and other third-party payers in the U.S. will reimburse consumers for the cost of healthcare products and services. 
 
 Competition and Technological Change : Competition in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industry continues to be intense and is expected to increase. We compete with academic laboratories, research institutions, universities, joint ventures, and other pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, including other companies developing niche branded or generic specialty pharmaceutical products or drug delivery platforms. Furthermore, major technological changes can happen quickly in the pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries. Such rapid technological change, or the development by our competitors of technologically improved or differentiated products, could render our products, product candidates, or drug delivery platforms obsolete or noncompetitive. 
 
 Pricing Environment for Pharmaceuticals : The pricing environment continues to be in the political spotlight in the U.S. As a result, the need to obtain and maintain appropriate pricing for pharmaceutical products may become more challenging due to, among other things, the attention being paid to healthcare cost containment and other austerity measures in the U.S. and worldwide. 
 
 Generics Playing a Larger Role in Healthcare : Generic pharmaceutical products will continue to play a large role in the U.S. healthcare system. As such, we expect to see generic competition for our products in the future. 
 
 -72- 

Access to and Cost of Capital : We have a recent history of generating losses from operations and expect to continue generating losses until we are able to launch LUMRYZ, if final FDA approval is obtained, and generate revenues sufficient to generate positive cash flow from operations. Similar to other businesses in our industry and at our stage of development, we will continue to rely on external sources of capital to fund our business. The process of raising capital and associated cost of such capital for a company of our financial profile can be difficult and potentially expensive. If the need were to arise to raise additional capital, access to that capital may be difficult, expensive and/or dilutive and, as a result, could create liquidity challenges for us. 
 
 Continuing Net Loss from Operations : We do not have any commercialized products in our portfolio. We will incur substantial expenses to further the clinical development of and continue our preparations for the commercial launch of LUMRYZ, which, assuming final FDA approval in June 2023, is anticipated to occur in the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 Impact of COVID-19 
 
 Since early 2020, we have seen the profound impact that the coronavirus COVID-19 pandemic is having on human health, the global economy and society at large. We have continued to actively monitor the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as new variants of the virus and recent increases in case numbers, and have taken measures to mitigate the potential impacts to our employees and business, such as continuing to offer a work from home policy. We believe the ongoing impact of COVID-19 and measures to prevent its spread could impact our business in a number of ways, including: i) possibly delaying our ongoing RESTORE study; ii) disruptions to our supply chain and third parties; iii) allowing our employees to work from home for an extended period of time; and iv) hindering sales efforts for LUMRYZ, if final FDA approval is obtained. An extended period of global supply chain and economic disruption could materially affect our business, results of operations, access to sources of liquidity and financial condition. Despite vaccination efforts, future developments and impact on our operations remain uncertain and cannot be predicted with confidence, including the duration of the COVID-19 pandemic, new variants of the virus, new information which may emerge concerning the severity of the COVID-19 pandemic, and any additional preventative and protective actions that governments, or we, may direct, which may result in extending continued business disruptions. 
 
 2022 Corporate Restructuring Plan 
 
 In June 2022, we announced a plan to optimize our cost structure to reduce total quarterly cash operating expenses to between 12,000 and 14,000, excluding inventory purchases. The targeted reduction in cash operating expenses, together with cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities currently on hand, was implemented to extend our cash runway to the middle of 2023 and the FDA s decision regarding final approval of LUMRYZ, which could occur in June 2023 or possibly sooner. 
 
 Our cost structure optimization efforts included a nearly 50 reduction in our workforce (the 2022 Corporate Restructuring Plan ). See Note 12: Restructuring Costs to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for more information. 
 
 At-the-Market Offering Program 
 
 In February 2020, we entered into an Open Market Sale Agreement SM (the Sales Agreement with Jefferies LLC Jefferies with respect to an at-the-market offering program ATM Program under which we may offer and sell our ADSs (and such ADSs sold under the ATM Program, ATM ADSs through Jefferies as our sales agent. We agreed to pay Jefferies a commission up to 3.0 of the aggregate gross sales proceeds of such ATM ADSs. The initial aggregate offering price of the ATM Program was up to 50,000 of ADSs pursuant to its prospectus, dated February 14, 2020, included with our Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-236258) (the 2020 Shelf Registration ). In August 2022, we filed an additional prospectus, dated September 12, 2022, included with our new Registration Statement on Form S-3 (File No. 333-267198) (the 2022 Shelf Registration ), in order to allocate up to 100,000 in additional ADSs to the ATM Program. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had issued and sold 3,588 ADSs, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately 25,318, pursuant to the Sales Agreement. 
 
 Financial Highlights 
 
 Highlights of our consolidated results for the year ended December 31, 2022 are as follows: 
 
 Operating loss was 98,561 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to operating loss of 85,546 for the year ended December 31, 2021. Selling, general administrative expenses increased in the current year by 6,021, driven 
 -73- 

by a 11,400 increase in legal spend during the year, as well as approximately 5,450 of debt issuance costs as part of the exchange of 117,375 of our 4.50 exchangeable senior notes due February 2023 (the February 2023 Notes for a new series of 4.50 exchangeable senior notes due October 2023 (the October 2023 Notes , together with the February 2023 Notes, the 2023 Notes (the Exchange Transaction ), offset by lower commercial spend due to delays in the potential final approval of LUMRYZ. 
 
 Net loss was 137,464 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net loss of 77,329 in the same period last year. 
 
 Diluted net loss per share was 2.29 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to diluted net loss per share of 1.32 in the same period last year. 
 
 Cash and marketable securities decreased by 60,722 to 96,499 at December 31, 2022 from 157,221 at December 31, 2021. This decrease was largely driven by 70,304 of net cash used in operations during the year ended December 31, 2022, which included 5,450 of fees paid to third parties as part of the completed Exchange Transaction, offset by the receipt of approximately 29,058 of tax refund claims associated with the carry-back of 2019 losses. Net cash used in operations was offset by 14,543 of cash provided by financing activities. This included net proceeds of 25,318 from the sale and issuance of ADSs under the ATM Program, offset by 8,653 of payments made for the early extinguishment of a portion of the February 2023 Notes and 4,804 of fees paid to note holders of the October 2023 Notes that are amortized as interest expense over the remaining term of the October 2023 Notes. 
 
 -74- 

Critical Accounting Estimates 
 The preparation of consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires management to use judgment in making estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of the consolidated financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the periods presented. 
 
 We have identified certain policies and estimates as critical to our business operations and the understanding of our past or present results of operations. These policies and estimates are considered critical because they had a material impact, or they have the potential to have a material impact, on our consolidated financial statements and because they require us to make significant judgments, assumptions or estimates. We believe that the estimates, judgments and assumptions made when accounting for the items described below were reasonable, based on information available at the time they were made. However, actual results may differ from those estimates, and these differences may be material. For a complete list of significant accounting policies, see Note 1: Summary of Significant Accounting Policies to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Research and Development R D ). R D expenses consist primarily of costs related to outside services, personnel expenses, clinical studies, and other R D expenses. Clinical studies and outside services costs relate primarily to services performed by clinical research organizations and related clinical or development manufacturing costs, materials and supplies, filing fees, regulatory support, and other third-party fees. Personnel expenses relate primarily to salaries, benefits and share-based compensation. Other R D expenses primarily include overhead allocations consisting of various support and facilities-related costs. R D expenditures are charged to operations as incurred. Raw materials used in the production of pre-clinical and clinical products are expensed as R D costs. 
 
 We recognize refundable R D tax credits received for spending on innovative R D as an offset of R D expenses. 
 
 When estimating R D expense, we review open contracts and purchase orders, communicating with our personnel to identify services that have been performed on our behalf and estimating the level of service performed and the associated costs incurred for the services when we have not yet been invoiced or otherwise notified of the actual costs. The majority of our service providers invoice us in arrears for services performed and some require advanced payments. We make estimates of our accrued expenses at each balance sheet date in our financial statements based on facts and circumstances known to us at that time. 
 
 If the actual timing of the performance of services or the level of effort varies from our estimate, we adjust the accrual or amount of prepaid or accrued expenses accordingly. To date, we have not made any material adjustments to our prior estimates of accrued research and development expenses. 
 
 Share-based Compensation. We account for share-based compensation based on the estimated grant-date fair value. The fair value of stock options is estimated using Black-Scholes option-pricing valuation models Black-Scholes model ). We recognize compensation cost, net of an estimated forfeiture rate, using the accelerated method over the requisite service period of the award. 
 
 As required by the Black-Scholes model, estimates are made of the underlying volatility of Avadel stock, a risk-free rate determined by reference to the U.S. Treasury yield curve, and an expected term of the option. We estimate the expected term using a simplified method, as we do not have enough historical exercise data for a majority of such options upon which to estimate an expected term. 
 
 Changes in the estimates used to determine the fair value of share-based equity compensation instruments could result in changes to our share-based compensation expense. We have not made any material changes to our assumptions and estimates related to our share-based compensation during the periods presented. Individual assumptions are not sensitive to change. 
 
 Income Taxes. Our income tax provision (benefit), deferred tax assets and liabilities, and liabilities for unrecognized tax benefits reflect management s best estimate of current and future taxes to be paid. We are subject to income taxes in Ireland, France and the U.S. Significant judgments and estimates are required in the determination of the consolidated income tax benefit. 
 
 Deferred income taxes arise from temporary differences between the tax basis of assets and liabilities and their reported amounts in the financial statements, which will result in taxable or deductible amounts in the future. In evaluating our ability to recover our deferred tax assets in the jurisdiction from which they arise, we consider all available positive and negative evidence, including scheduled reversals of deferred tax liabilities, projected future taxable income or loss, tax-planning 
 -75- 

strategies, and results of recent operations. The assumptions about future taxable income or loss require the use of significant judgment and are consistent with the plans and estimates we are using to manage the underlying businesses. As of December 31, 2022, the Company's cumulative loss position was significant negative evidence in assessing the need for a valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. Given the weight of objectively verifiable historical losses from operations, the Company recorded a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. The Company will be able to reverse the valuation allowance when it has shown its ability to generate taxable income on a consistent basis in future periods. The valuation allowance does not have an impact on the Company's ability to utilize any net operating losses or other tax attributes to offset cash taxes payable as these items are still eligible to be used. 
 
 The calculation of our tax liabilities involves dealing with uncertainties in the application of complex tax laws and regulations in a multitude of jurisdictions across our global operations. A tax benefit from an uncertain tax position may be recognized when it is more likely than not that the position will be sustained upon examination, including resolutions of any related appeals or litigation processes, on the basis of the technical merits. 
 
 We record unrecognized tax benefits as liabilities and adjust these liabilities when our judgment changes as a result of the evaluation of new information not previously available. Because of the complexity of some of these uncertainties, the ultimate resolution may result in a payment that is materially different from our current estimate of the unrecognized tax benefit liabilities. These differences will be reflected as increases or decreases to income tax expense in the period in which new information is available. 
 
 We have not recorded a deferred tax liability for any income or withholding taxes that may arise as the result of the distribution of unremitted earnings within our Company. As of December 31, 2022, we had unremitted earnings of 3,967 outside of Ireland as measured on a U.S. GAAP basis. Based on our estimates that future domestic cash generation will be sufficient to meet future domestic cash needs along with our specific plans for reinvestment, we have not recorded a deferred tax liability for any income or withholding taxes that may arise from a distribution that would qualify as a dividend for tax purposes. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of deferred tax liability on such remittances, if any. We believe that our estimates for deferred income taxes and the amount of benefits recognized for uncertain tax positions are appropriate based on current facts and circumstances. 
 
 Goodwill. Goodwill represents the excess of the acquisition consideration over the fair value of assets acquired and liabilities assumed. We have determined that we operate in a single segment and have a single reporting unit associated with the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products. We can test for goodwill impairment by first performing a qualitative assessment to determine whether a quantitative goodwill test is necessary or we can elect to forgo the qualitative assessment and perform the quantitative test. We elected to perform a quantitative impairment assessment of goodwill in 2022 and 2021. Upon performing the quantitative test, if the carrying value of the reporting unit exceeds its fair value, an impairment loss is recognized in an amount equal to that excess, not to exceed the carrying amount of goodwill. We have elected to make November 30 the annual impairment assessment date for goodwill. However, we could be required to evaluate the recoverability of goodwill outside of the required annual assessment if, among other things, we experience disruptions to the business, unexpected significant declines in operating results, divestiture of a significant component of the business or a sustained decline in market capitalization. 
 
 When performing the quantitative assessment of goodwill impairment, we estimate the fair value of our single reporting unit using the market approach, based on quoted market prices of our securities on the Nasdaq Global Market, adjusted for the effect of a control premium as contemplated by ASC 350. Based on the results of the annual quantitative evaluation for 2022, the fair value of our single reporting unit exceeded its respective carrying value and did not result in impairment for the reporting unit. 
 
 The Company continuously monitors for events and circumstances that could negatively impact the key assumptions in determining fair value. While the Company believes the judgments and assumptions used in the goodwill impairment test is reasonable, different assumptions or changes in general industry, market and macro-economic conditions, including a more prolonged and/or severe COVID-19 pandemic, could change the estimated fair values and, therefore, future impairment charges could be required, which could be material to the consolidated financial statements. 

-76- 

Results of Operations 
 The following is a summary of our financial results (in thousands, except per share amounts): 
 Change Years Ended December 31, 2022 vs. 2021 Comparative Statements of Loss: 2022 2021 Research and development expenses 20,700 17,104 3,596 21.0 Selling, general and administrative expenses 74,516 68,495 6,021 8.8 Restructuring expense (income) 3,345 (53) 3,398 (6,411.3) Total operating expenses 98,561 85,546 13,015 15.2 Operating loss (98,561) (85,546) (13,015) 15.2 Investment and other (expense) income, net (536) 2,343 (2,879) (122.9) Interest expense (12,342) (9,942) (2,400) 24.1 Loss before income taxes (111,439) (93,145) (18,294) 19.6 Income tax provision (benefit) 26,025 (15,816) 41,841 (264.5) Net loss (137,464) (77,329) (60,135) 77.8 Net loss per share - diluted (2.29) (1.32) (0.97) 73.5 

Years Ended December 31, Change Research and Development Expenses 2022 2021 Research and development expenses 20,700 17,104 3,596 21.0 
 
 Research and development expenses increased by 3,596 or 21.0 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the same period in 2021. This change is driven by a 4,800 increase in active pharmaceutical ingredient purchases in the current year, offset by a 1,000 reduction in clinical studies spend. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Change Selling, General and Administrative Expenses 2022 2021 Selling, general and administrative expenses 74,516 68,495 6,021 8.8 
 
 Selling, general and administrative expenses increased by 6,021 or 8.8 during the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior year. This increase was driven primarily by higher legal costs of approximately 11,400 and debt issuance costs of approximately 5,450 related to the Exchange Transaction. The increase in selling, general and administrative expense was offset by lower commercial activities of approximately 7,800, and lower medical affairs activities of 2,400. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Change Restructuring Expense (Income) 2022 2021 Restructuring expense (income) 3,345 (53) 3,398 (6,411.3) 
 
 Restructuring expense was 3,345 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to restructuring income of 53 for the same period in 2021. Restructuring expense was driven by the 2022 Corporate Restructuring Plan, which was announced in June 2022. See Note 12: Restructuring Costs to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details for further details. 
 
 -77- 

Years Ended December 31, Change Investment and Other (Expense) Income, net 2022 2021 Investment and other (expense) income, net (536) 2,343 (2,879) (122.9) 
 
 Investment and other expense, net was 536 for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to investment and other income, net of 2,343 for the year ended December 31, 2021. The decrease in investment and other (expense) income, net was driven by 1,700 more of realized losses for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior period, as well as 1,000 less of interest income earned for the year ended December 31, 2022 as compared to the prior period. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Change Interest Expense 2022 2021 Interest expense (12,342) (9,942) (2,400) (24.1) 
 
 Interest expense of 12,342 and 9,942 for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is related to interest on the February 2023 Notes. Included in these amounts are coupon interest expense of 6,405 and 6,469 for each period, respectively, and the amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discount of 6,052 and 1,248 for each period, respectively. Current period interest expense also included a 203 gain on the early extinguishment of 8,875 aggregate principal amount of the February 2023, which reduced total interest reported for the period. See Note 8: Long Term Debt to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details. Interest expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 also included 88 and 2,225, respectively, of additional interest expense owed as a result of not removing a restrictive legend from the 2023 Notes 365 days following original issuance of the 2023 Notes on February 16, 2018. 
 
 Years Ended December 31, Change Income Taxes 2022 2021 Income tax provision (benefit) 26,025 (15,816) 41,841 (264.5) Percentage of loss before income taxes (23.4) 17.0 
 
 In 2022, income tax expense was 26,025, with an effective tax rate of (23.4) , as compared to income tax benefit of 15,816, with an effective tax rate of 17.0 , in 2021. The change in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily driven by the valuation allowances recorded against our deferred tax assets during the period. The effective tax rate for 2021 was impacted by the geographic mix of earnings. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Overview of Sources and Uses of Cash 
 Our ability to generate revenue is expected to start following the launch of LUMRYZ, which is dependent, in part, on final approval of LUMRYZ by the FDA. For the 12 month period ending December 31, 2023, we project that our fixed commitments will include (i) principal and interest payments on our 2023 Notes and interest payments on our April 2027 Notes, (ii) capital commitments, and (iii) lease payments. We project that our long-term fixed commitments will include (i) capital commitments and (ii) lease payments. 
 Risk Management 
 The adequacy of our cash resources depends on the outcome of certain business conditions including the cost of our LUMRYZ clinical development, commercial launch plans and the FDA s decision regarding final approval of LUMRYZ, our cost structure, and other factors set forth in Risk Factors within Part I, Item 1A of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. To complete the LUMRYZ clinical development and commercial launch plans we will need to commit substantial resources, which could result in future losses or otherwise limit our opportunities or affect our ability to operate our business. Our assumptions concerning the outcome of certain business conditions may prove to be wrong or other factors may adversely affect our business, and as a result we could exhaust or significantly decrease our available cash and marketable securities balances which could, among other things, force us to raise additional funds and/or force us to reduce our expenses, either of which could have 
 -78- 

a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, we are unable to estimate the near or long term impact of COVID-19, which may have a material adverse impact on our business. 
 
 We have a recent history of generating losses and negative cash flows from operations, an accumulated shareholders deficit as of the date of these audited consolidated financial statements and approximately 73,981 of cash and cash equivalents and 22,518 of marketable securities available for use to fund our operations, debt service and capital requirements. Our ability to generate revenue is expected to start following the launch of LUMRYZ, which is dependent, in part, on final approval of LUMRYZ by the FDA. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 17,500 aggregate principal amount of its 4.50 exchangeable senior notes due February 2023 (the February 2023 Notes and 117,375 aggregate principal amount of its 4.50 exchangeable senior notes due October 2023 (the October 2023 Notes (together, the 2023 Notes ). Avadel Finance Cayman Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (the Issuer ), repaid, with cash on hand, the remaining 17,500 aggregate principal amount of its February 2023 Notes on the maturity date of February 1, 2023. 
 
 On March 29, 2023, the Issuer executed an agreement to exchange 96,188 of its 117,375 October 2023 Notes for a new series of 6.0 exchangeable notes due April 2027 (the April 2027 Notes (the 2023 Exchange Transaction ). The remaining 21,187 aggregate principal amount of the October 2023 Notes will maintain a maturity date of October 2, 2023. 
 
 On March 29, 2023, we executed a royalty purchase agreement with RTW Investments, L.P. RTW that could provide us up to 75,000 of royalty financing. The 75,000 of royalty financing will be accessible following achievement of certain regulatory and financial milestones, including final FDA approval and commercial launch of LUMRYZ. 
 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40, Going Concern , we evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. We have concluded that we do not currently have sufficient liquidity to meet our operating, debt service and capital requirements for the next twelve months following the date of this Annual Report, which include repayment of the 21,187 aggregate principal amount of the October 2023 Notes. These conditions and events raised substantial doubt about our a bility to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these audited consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 
 In response to these conditions and events, we are evaluating various financing strategies to obtain sufficient additional liquidity to meet its operating, debt service and capital requirements for the next twelve months following the date of this Annual Report. The potential sources of financing that we are evaluating include one or any combination of royalty financing (as described above), secured or unsecured debt, convertible debt and equit y. We also currently have authorized and available the u se of its at-the-market offering program ATM Program ), described in more detail within Note 13: Equity Instruments and Transactions of our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K , which could provide us up to approximately 93,200, net of commissions, if fully utilized. While we have the ability to utilize the ATM Program, we intend to pursue the other financing strategies described above. Based on our ability to raise funds through the ATM Program and its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022, we have concluded that it is probable that such proceeds would provide sufficient additional capital to meet our operating, debt service and capital requirements for the next twelve months following the date of this Annual Report. As a result, we have concluded that management s plans are probable of being achieved to alleviate the substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The sources of financing described above that could be available to us and the timing and probability of obtaining sufficient capital depends, in part, on obtaining final FDA approval of LUMRYZ, resolving any legal and regulatory matters that could preclude us from launching LUMRYZ and future capital market conditions. If our current assumptions regarding timing of potential final approval, the timing of the launch of LUMRYZ or if there are any other changes or differences in current assumptions that negatively impact our financing strategy, we may have to further reduce expenditures or significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of LUMRYZ in order to extend our cash resources. 
 
 Debt Arrangements 
 
 On February 1, 2023, we paid 17,500 in cash to settle the remaining principal balance of its February 2023 Notes and 394 in cash to settle the accrued interest on the February 2023 Notes. As a result of the 2023 Exchange Transaction, 21,187 aggregate principal amount of the October 2023 Notes will maintain a maturity date of October 2, 2023. For the twelve month period ending December 31, 2023, we will pay interest on October 2023 Notes and April 2027 Notes. 
 
 Capital Commitments 
 
 -79- 

We have a commitment with a contract manufacturer of approximately 2,400 to 3,000 per year. If LUMRYZ is approved by the FDA and the contract manufacturer is subsequently approved, the annual commitment could be up to 4,200 per year. 
 Operating Leases 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we have leases for office space and a production suite. We have a current obligation of 1,013 due within one year and a long-term obligation of 820 due between January 1, 2024 and December 31, 2025. See Note 7: Leases to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for further details for further details. 
 
 Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows 
 
 Our cash flows from operating, investing and financing activities, as reflected in the consolidated statements of cash flows, are summarized in the following table: 
 Years Ended December 31, Change Net Cash (Used In) Provided By 2022 2021 Operating activities (70,304) (77,310) 7,006 (9.1) Investing activities 79,698 56,929 22,769 40.0 Financing activities 14,543 263 14,280 5,429.7 
 
 Operating Activities 
 Net cash used in operating activities of 70,304 for the year ended December 31, 2022, a decrease from net cash used in operating activities of 77,310 in the prior year. Net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was driven by net loss of 137,464, partially offset by favorable non-cash adjustments of 42,625 and favorable changes in working capital of 24,535. For the year ended December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was driven by net loss of 77,329 and unfavorable non-cash adjustments of 3,676, offset by favorable changes in working capital of 3,695. 
 
 The December 31, 2022 net favorable change in working capital was driven by the receipt of 29,058 of refund claims associated with the carryback of 2019 losses during the period. This was offset by the timing of payments made related to our accounts payable and accrual balances. 
 
 Investing Activities 
 
 Cash provided by investing activities was 79,698 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash used in investing activities of 56,929 in the same prior year period. Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by net proceeds from sales of marketable securities of 80,414. Net cash provided by investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 was driven by net purchases of marketable securities of 40,455 and proceeds from the disposition of our portfolio of our sterile injectable drugs used in the hospital setting Hospital Products on June 30, 2020 of 16,500. 
 
 Financing Activities 
 
 Cash provided by financing activities was 14,543 for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to cash provided by financing activities of 263 for the same prior year period. Cash provided financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was driven by the sale of ADSs through the ATM Program, resulting in net proceeds to us of approximately 25,318, and by 2,682 of proceeds from stock option exercises and employee share purchase plan ESPP issuances, offset by the payment of 8,653 for the early extinguishment of a portion of the February 2023 Notes in November 2022, as well as the payment of 4,804 of debt issuance fees associated with the Exchange Transaction. Net cash provided by financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 263 related to proceeds from stock option exercises and ESPP issuances. 

-80- 

Other Matters 
 Litigation 
 We are subject to potential liabilities generally incidental to our business arising out of present and future lawsuits and claims related to product liability, personal injury, contract, commercial, intellectual property, tax, employment, compliance and other matters that arise in the ordinary course of business. We accrue for potential liabilities when it is probable that future costs (including legal fees and expenses) will be incurred and such costs can be reasonably estimated. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no contingent liabilities with respect to any litigation, arbitration or administrative or other proceeding that are reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial position, results of operations, cash flows or liquidity. For information regarding legal proceedings we are involved in, see Note 11: Contingent Liabilities and Commitments to our audited consolidated financial statements included in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K . 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 We are subject to interest rate risk as a result of our portfolio of marketable securities. The primary objectives of our investment policy are as follows: safety and preservation of principal and diversification of risk; liquidity of investments sufficient to meet cash flow requirements; and competitive yield. Although our investments are subject to market risk, our investment policy specifies credit quality standards for our investments and limits the amount of credit exposure from any single issue, issuer or certain types of investment. Our investment policy allows us to maintain a portfolio of cash equivalents and marketable securities in a variety of instruments, including U.S. federal government and federal agency securities, European Government bonds, corporate bonds or commercial paper issued by U.S. or European corporations, money market instruments, certain qualifying money market mutual funds, certain repurchase agreements, tax-exempt obligations of states, agencies, and municipalities in the U.S and Europe, and equities. A hypothetical 50 basis point change in interest rates would not result in a material decrease or increase in the fair value of our securities due to the general short-term nature of our investment portfolio. 
 
 Foreign Exchange Risk 
 
 We are exposed to foreign currency exchange risk as the functional currency financial statements of a non-U.S. subsidiary is translated to U.S. dollars. The assets and liabilities of this non-U.S. subsidiary having a functional currency other than the U.S. dollar is translated into U.S. dollars at the exchange rate prevailing at the balance sheet date, and at the average exchange rate for the reporting period for revenue and expense accounts. The cumulative foreign currency translation adjustment is recorded as a component of accumulated other comprehensive loss in shareholders (deficit) equity. The reported results of this non-U.S. subsidiary will be influenced by their translation into U.S. dollars by currency movements against the U.S. dollar. Our primary currency translation exposure is related to one subsidiary that has functional currencies denominated in euro. A 10 strengthening/weakening in the rates used to translate the results of our non-U.S. subsidiaries that have functional currencies denominated in euro as of December 31, 2022 would have had an immaterial impact on net loss for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Transactional exposure arises where transactions occur in currencies other than the functional currency. Transactions in foreign currencies are recorded at the exchange rate prevailing at the date of the transaction. The resulting monetary assets and liabilities are translated into the appropriate functional currency at exchange rates prevailing at the balance sheet date and the resulting gains and losses are reported in investment and other (expense) income, net in the consolidated statements of loss. As of December 31, 2022, our primary exposure is to transaction risk related to euro net monetary assets and liabilities held by subsidiaries with a U.S. dollar functional currency. Realized and unrealized foreign exchange gains and losses resulting from transactional exposure were immaterial for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Inflation Risk 
 
 Inflation generally affects us by increasing our costs of labor and supplies and the costs of our third parties we rely on for the development, manufacture and supply of our product candidates. We do not believe that inflation had a material effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations during the year ended December 31, 2022. Although we do not believe that inflation has had a material impact on our financial position or results of operations to date, we may experience some effect in the near future (especially if inflation rates continue to rise) due to an impact on the costs to conduct clinical trials, the costs to prepare for the potential commercialization of LUMRYZ, if granted final approval, labor costs we incur to attract and retain 
 -81- 

qualified personnel, and other operational costs. Inflationary costs could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 -82- 

Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF LOSS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Operating expenses: Research and development expenses Selling, general and administrative expenses Restructuring expense (income) ) Total operating expenses Operating loss ) ) Investment and other (expense) income, net ) Interest expense ) ) Loss before income taxes ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) Net loss ) ) Net loss per share - basic ) ) Net loss per share - diluted ) ) Weighted average number of shares outstanding - basic Weighted average number of shares outstanding - diluted 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 -83- 

AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF COMPREHENSIVE LOSS 
 (In thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss, net of tax: Foreign currency translation loss ) ) Net other comprehensive loss, net of income tax benefit of and , respectively 
 ) ) Total other comprehensive loss, net of tax ) ) Total comprehensive loss ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 
 -84- 

AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 
 December 31, 2022 2021 ASSETS Current assets: Cash and cash equivalents Marketable securities Research and development tax credit receivable Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Operating lease right-of-use assets Goodwill Research and development tax credit receivable Other non-current assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY Current liabilities: Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of operating lease liability Accounts payable Accrued expenses Other current liabilities Total current liabilities Long-term debt Long-term operating lease liability Other non-current liabilities Total liabilities Shareholders (deficit) equity: Preferred shares, nominal value of per share; shares authorized; issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Ordinary shares, nominal value of per share; shares authorized; and issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital Accumulated deficit ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss ) ) Total shareholders (deficit) equity ) Total liabilities and shareholders (deficit) equity 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 -85- 

AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF SHAREHOLDERS (DEFICIT) EQUITY 
 (In thousands) 
 Ordinary shares Preferred shares Additional Accumulated Accumulated other comprehensive Total shareholders Shares Amount Shares Amount paid-in capital deficit loss (deficit) equity Balance, December 31, 2020 ) ) Impact of the adoption of ASU 2020-06 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted shares ) Employee share purchase plan share issuance Share-based compensation expense Balance, December 31, 2021 ) ) Net loss ) ) Other comprehensive loss ) ) Change in fair value of October 2023 Notes conversion feature Issuance of common stock under at-the-market offering program, net of issuance costs Amortization of deferred issuance costs ) ) Exercise of stock options Vesting of restricted shares ) Employee share purchase plan share issuance Share-based compensation expense Balance, December 31, 2022 ) ) ) 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 -86- 

AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (In thousands) 
 Years ended December 31, 2022 2021 Cash flows from operating activities: Net loss ) ) Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: Depreciation and amortization Amortization of debt discount and debt issuance costs Changes in deferred tax ) Share-based compensation expense Other adjustments Net changes in assets and liabilities Prepaid expenses and other current assets ) Research and development tax credit receivable Accounts payable other current liabilities ) Accrued expenses Other assets and liabilities ) ) Net cash used in operating activities ) ) Cash flows from investing activities: Purchases of property and equipment ) ) Proceeds from the disposition of the Hospital Products Proceeds from sales of marketable securities Purchases of marketable securities ) ) Net cash provided by investing activities Cash flows from financing activities: Payments for debt issuance costs ) Payments for extinguishment of February 2023 Notes ) Proceeds from stock option exercises and employee share purchase plan Proceeds from issuance of shares off the at-the-market offering program Net cash provided by financing activities Effect of foreign currency exchange rate changes on cash and cash equivalents ) ) Net change in cash and cash equivalents ) Cash and cash equivalents at January 1 Cash and cash equivalents at December 31 Supplemental disclosures of cash flow information: Income taxes (refunded) paid, net ) Interest paid 
 
 See accompanying notes to consolidated financial statements. 
 -87- 

AVADEL PHARMACEUTICALS PLC 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 
 (In thousands, except per share data) 

NOTE 1: 

The Company has a recent history of generating losses and negative cash flows from operations, an accumulated shareholders deficit as of the date of these audited consolidated financial statements and approximately of cash and cash equivalents and of marketable securities available for use to fund its operations, debt service and capital requirements. The Company s ability to generate revenue is expected to start following the launch of LUMRYZ, which is dependent, in part, on final approval of LUMRYZ by the FDA. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had aggregate principal amount of its exchangeable senior notes due February 2023 (the February 2023 Notes and aggregate principal amount of its exchangeable senior notes due October 2023 (the October 2023 Notes (together, the 2023 Notes ). Avadel Finance Cayman Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (the Issuer ), repaid, with cash on hand, the remaining aggregate principal amount of its February 2023 Notes on the maturity date of February 1, 2023. 
 
 On March 29, 2023, the Issuer executed an agreement to exchange of its October 2023 Notes for a new series of exchangeable notes due April 2027 (the April 2027 Notes (the 2023 Exchange Transaction ). The remaining aggregate principal amount of the October 2023 Notes will maintain a maturity date of October 2, 2023. 
 
 On March 29, 2023, the Company executed a royalty purchase agreement with RTW Investments, L.P. that could provide the Company up to of royalty financing. The of royalty financing will be accessible following achievement of certain regulatory and financial milestones, including final FDA approval and commercial launch of LUMRYZ. 
 
 In accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC 205-40, Going Concern , the Company evaluated whether there are conditions and events, considered in the aggregate, that raise substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these consolidated financial statements are issued. The Company has concluded that it does not currently have sufficient liquidity to meet its operating, debt service and capital requirements for the next twelve months following the date of this Annual Report, which include repayment of the aggregate principal amount of the October 2023 Notes. These conditions and events raised substantial doubt about the Company s a bility to continue as a going concern within one year after the date that these audited consolidated financial statements are issued. 
 
 In response to these conditions and events, the Company is evaluating various financing strategies to obtain sufficient additional liquidity to meet its operating, debt service and capital requirements for the next twelve months following the date of this Annual Report. The potential sources of financing that the Company is evaluating include one or any combination of royalty financing (as described above), secured or unsecur ed debt, convertible debt and equity. The Company also currently has authorized and available the use of its at-the-market offering program ATM Program ), described in more detail within Note 
 -88- 

, net of commissions, if fully utilized. While the Company has the ability to utilize the ATM Program, it intends to pursue the other financing strategies described above. Based on the Company s ability to raise funds through the ATM Program and its cash, cash equivalents and marketable securities as of December 31, 2022, the Company has concluded that it is probable that such proceeds would provide sufficient additional capital to meet the Company s operating, debt service and capital requirements for the next twelve months following the date of this Annual Report. As a result, the Company has concluded that management s plans are probable of being achieved to alleviate the substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. 
 
 The sources of financing described above that could be available to the Company and the timing and probability of obtaining sufficient capital depends, in part, on obtaining final FDA approval of LUMRYZ, resolving any legal and regulatory matters that could preclude the Company from launching LUMRYZ and future capital market conditions. If the Company s current assumptions regarding timing of potential final approval, the timing of the launch of LUMRYZ or if there are any other changes or differences in current assumptions that negatively impact our financing strategy, the Company may have to further reduce expenditures or significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of LUMRYZ in order to extend its cash resources. 

-89- 

years Leasehold improvements, furniture, fixtures and fittings - years 

impairment of goodwill existed at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 -90- 

useful life. Total amortization expense of long-lived assets for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 

NOTE 2: 
 exchangeable senior notes due 2023 (the 2023 Notes are a convertible instrument with a cash-conversion feature that is accounted for within the scope of Subtopic 470-20. The Company calculated the cumulative-effect adjustment as of January 1, 2021 by comparing (i) the historical amortization schedule for the 2023 Notes through December 31, 2020 and (ii) an updated amortization schedule wherein the conversion feature within the 2023 Notes would not be separated as an equity 
 -91- 

decrease in additional paid-in capital, a increase in long-term debt, and a increase to the opening balance of retained earnings. 

NOTE 3: 
 Corporate bonds Government securities - U.S. Other fixed-income securities Total assets 
 
 A review of fair value hierarchy classifications is conducted on a quarterly basis. Changes in the observability of valuation inputs may result in a reclassification for certain financial assets or liabilities. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, there were no transfers in and out of Level 1, 2, or 3. During the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company did not recognize any allowances for credit losses. 
 
 Some of the Company s financial instruments, such as cash and cash equivalents and accounts payable, are reflected in the balance sheet at carrying value, which approximates fair value due to their short-term nature. 
 
 Debt 
 
 The Company estimates the fair value of its aggregate principal amount of its February 2023 Notes and its aggregate principal amount of its October 2023 Notes based on interest rates that would be currently available to the Company 
 -92- 

and , respectively. See Note 8: Long-Term Debt for additional information regarding the Company s debt obligations. 

NOTE 4: 
 ) Total ) 
 2021 Marketable Securities: Adjusted Cost Unrealized Gains Unrealized Losses Fair Value Mutual and money market funds ) Corporate bonds ) Government securities - U.S. ) Other fixed-income securities ) Total ) 
 
 The Company determines realized gains or losses on the sale of marketable securities on a specific identification method. The Company reflects these gains and losses as a component of investment and other income in the accompanying consolidated statements of loss. 
 
 The Company recognized gross realized gains of and for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. These realized gains were offset by realized losses of and for the twelve-months ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company has classified its investment in available-for-sale marketable securities as current assets in the consolidated balance sheets as the securities need to be available for use, if required, to fund current operations. There are no restrictions on the sale of any securities in the Company s investment portfolio. 
 
 -93- 

NOTE 5: 
 Furniture, fixtures and fittings Less - accumulated depreciation ) ) Total 
 
 and , respectively. 

NOTE 6: 
 at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 impairment loss related to goodwill was recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. 

NOTE 7: 
 
 . The Company determines if a contract is a lease at the inception of the arrangement. The Company reviews all options to extend, terminate, or purchase its right-of-use assets at the inception of the lease and will include these options in the lease term when they are reasonably certain of being exercised. The Company s lease agreements do not contain any material residual value guarantees or material variable lease payments. For the Company s leased production suite, contract consideration was allocated to lease and non-lease components on the basis of relative standalone price. 
 
 Sublease income (2) 
 ) ) Total lease cost 
 
 (1) Variable lease costs were immaterial for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) Represents sublease income received for office subleases. 
 
 During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company reduced its operating lease liabilities by and for cash paid. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s operating leases have a weighted-average remaining lease term of years and a weighted-average discount rate of . The Company s lease contracts do not provide a readily determinable implicit rate. The Company s estimated incremental borrowing rate is based on information available at the inception of the lease. 
 
 -94- 

2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less: interest Present value of lease liabilities 

NOTE 8: 
 exchangeable senior notes due February 2023 
 Principal amount of exchangeable senior notes due October 2023 
 Less: unamortized debt discount and issuance costs, net ) ) Net carrying amount of liability component Less: current maturities Long-term debt 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the total interest expense was and , respectively, with coupon interest expense of and for each period, respectively, and the amortization of debt issuance costs and debt discount of and for each period, respectively. 
 
 On November 4, 2022, the Company repurchased of its February 2023 Notes for of cash consideration through an open market purchase. The Company recorded a net gain on the early extinguishment that is included as a reduction to current period interest expense. 
 
 For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, interest expense also included and , respectively, of additional interest expense owed as a result of not removing a restrictive legend from the 2023 Notes 365 days following original issuance of the 2023 Notes on February 16, 2018. The additional interest was paid to the trustee on March 10, 2022. Additionally, on March 14, 2022, the restrictive legend on the 2023 Notes was removed and the Company is not subject to any additional interest after that date. This interest will not be applicable to future periods. 
 
 On February 16, 2018, Avadel Finance Cayman Limited, a Cayman Islands exempted company and an indirect wholly-owned subsidiary of the Company (the Issuer ), issued aggregate principal amount of its February 2023 Notes in a private placement (the Offering to qualified institutional buyers pursuant to Rule 144A under the Securities Act. In connection with the Offering, the Issuer granted the initial purchasers of the February 2023 Notes a 30-day option to purchase up to an additional aggregate principal amount of the February 2023 Notes, which was fully exercised on February 16, 2018. Net proceeds received by the Company, after issuance costs and discounts, were approximately . The February 2023 Notes are the Company s senior unsecured obligations and rank equally in right of payment with all of the Company s existing and future senior unsecured indebtedness and effectively junior to any of the Company s existing and future secured indebtedness, to the extent of the value of the assets securing such indebtedness. 
 
 On April 5, 2022, the Issuer completed the exchange of of its February 2023 Notes for a new series of its October 2023 Notes (the Exchange Transaction ). The remaining aggregate principal amount of the February 2023 Notes were not exchanged and maintained a maturity date of February 1, 2023. On November 4, 2022, the Company repurchased of its February 2023 Notes and on the maturity date of February 1, 2023, the Company repaid, with cash on hand, the remaining aggregate principal amount of its February 2023 Notes. 
 -95- 

in fees to note holders of the October 2023 Notes that are amortized over the remaining term of the October 2023 Notes. The Company paid approximately in fees to third parties that were expensed as part of the completed Exchange Transaction. Additionally, the fair value of the unseparated, embedded conversion feature increased by , which reduced the carrying amount of the convertible debt instrument as an unamortized debt discount, with a corresponding increase in additional paid-in capital. The are amortized over the remaining term of the October 2023 Notes as a component of interest expense. 
 
 On March 29, 2023, the Issuer executed an agreement to exchange of its October 2023 Notes for a new series of exchangeable notes due April 2027 (the April 2027 Notes (the 2023 Exchange Transaction ). The remaining aggregate principal amount of the October 2023 Notes will maintain a maturity date of October 2, 2023. Due to the 2023 Exchange Transaction, the principal amount of the October 2023 Notes is classified as long-term debt, net of unamortized debt discount and issuance costs, as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The 2023 Notes are exchangeable at the option of the holders at an initial exchange rate of ADSs per 1 principal amount of 2023 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial exchange price of approximately per ADS. Such initial exchange price represents a premium of approximately to the per ADS closing price on The Nasdaq Global Market on February 13, 2018. Upon the exchange of any 2023 Notes, the Issuer will pay or cause to be delivered, as the case may be, cash, ADSs or a combination of cash and ADSs, at the Issuer s election. 
 
 October 2023 Notes 
 
 Holders of the October 2023 Notes may convert their October 2023 Notes, at their option, only under the following circumstances prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 1, 2023, under the circumstances and during the periods set forth below and regardless of the conditions described below, on or after May 1, 2023 and prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding the maturity date: 
 
 Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 1, 2023, a holder of the October 2023 Notes may surrender all or any portion of its October 2023 Notes for exchange at any time during the five business day period immediately after any five consecutive trading day period (the Measurement Period in which the trading price per 1 principal amount of October 2023 Notes, as determined following a request by a holder of the October 2023 Notes, for each trading day of the measurement period was less than of the product of the last reported sale price of the ADSs and the exchange rate on each such trading day. 
 
 If a transaction or event that constitutes a fundamental change or a make-whole fundamental change occurs prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 1, 2023, regardless of whether a holder of the October 2023 Notes has the right to require the Company to repurchase the October 2023 Notes, or if Avadel is a party to a merger event that occurs prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 1, 2023, all or any portion of a the holder s October 2023 Notes may be surrendered for exchange at any time from or after the date that is scheduled trading days prior to the anticipated effective date of the transaction (or, if later, the earlier of (x) the business day after the Company gives notice of such transaction and (y) the actual effective date of such transaction) until trading days after the actual effective date of such transaction or, if such transaction also constitutes a fundamental change, until the related fundamental change repurchase date. 
 
 Prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 1, 2023, a holder of the October 2023 Notes may surrender all or any portion of its October 2023 Notes for exchange at any time during any calendar quarter commencing after the calendar quarter ending on March 31, 2022 (and only during such calendar quarter), if the last reported sale price of the ADSs for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the period of consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the last trading day of the immediately preceding calendar quarter is greater than or equal to of the exchange price on each applicable trading day. 
 
 If the Company calls the October 2023 Notes for redemption pursuant to Article 16 to the Indenture prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding May 1, 2023, then a holder of the October 2023 Notes may surrender all or any portion of its October 2023 Notes for exchange at any time prior to the close of business on the second business day prior to the redemption date, even if the October 2023 Notes are not otherwise exchangeable at such time. After that time, the right to exchange shall expire, unless the Company defaults in the payment of the redemption price, in which case a holder of the October 2023 Notes may exchange its October 2023 Notes until the redemption price has been paid or duly provided for. 
 
 -96- 

of the Exchange Price then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading-day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice to redeem the October 2023 Notes. 

NOTE 9:) ) U.S. ) ) France Total loss before income taxes ) ) 
 
 Total current Deferred: U.S. - Federal ) U.S. - State Total deferred ) Income tax provision (benefit) ) ) Differences in international tax rates ) ) Change in valuation allowances Nondeductible share-based compensation Unrealized tax benefits State and local taxes (net of federal) ) Nondeductible interest expense Orphan drug and R D tax credit ) Other ) ) Income tax provision (benefit) - at effective income tax rate ) 
 
 -97- 

, a change of from income tax benefit of . The change in the effective tax rate for the year ended December 31, 2022 is primarily driven by the valuation allowances recorded against our deferred tax assets during the period. The effective tax rate for 2021 was impacted by the geographic mix of earnings. 
 
 Unrecognized Tax Benefits 
 
 The Company or one of its subsidiaries files income tax returns in Ireland, France, U.S. and various states. The Company is no longer subject to Irish, French, U.S. Federal, and state and local examinations for years before 2018. 
 
 Increases for tax positions of prior years Statute of limitations expiration Settlements Balance at December 31: 
 
 The Company expects that within the next twelve months the unrecognized tax benefits could decrease by an immaterial amount and the interest could increase by an immaterial amount. 
 
 At December 31, 2022 and 2021, there are and of unrecognized tax benefits that if recognized would affect the annual effective tax rate. 
 
 The Company recognizes interest and penalties accrued related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax provision. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized approximately and in interest and penalties. The Company had approximately and for the payment of interest and penalties accrued at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 
 Deferred Tax Assets (Liabilities) 
 
 Deferred income tax provisions reflect the effect of temporary differences between consolidated financial statement and tax reporting of income and expense items. 
 
 Share-based compensation Amortization Orphan drug and R D tax credit Capitalized research costs Other Interest expense carryforward Gross deferred tax assets Deferred tax liabilities: Prepaid expenses ) ) Other ) Gross deferred tax liabilities ) ) Less: valuation allowances ) ) Net deferred tax assets 
 -98- 

of net operating losses in Ireland that do not have an expiration date and of net operating losses and 163(j) credits in the U.S. Of the of net operating losses in the U.S., were acquired due to the acquisition of FSC Therapeutics and FSC Laboratories, Inc., (collectively FSC and are due to the losses at US Holdings, of which are state net operating losses. The portion due to the acquisition of FSC will expire in 2034 through 2035. A valuation allowance is recorded if, based on the weight of available evidence, it is more likely than not that a deferred tax asset will not be realized. This assessment is based on an evaluation of the level of historical taxable income and projections for future taxable income. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recorded an additional valuation allowances related to Irish current year net operating losses of . The U.S. net operating losses are subject to an annual limitation as a result of the FSC acquisition under Internal Revenue Code Section 382 and will not be fully utilized before they expire. 
 
 The Company's cumulative loss position was significant negative evidence in assessing the need for a valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets in the U.S. Given the weight of objectively verifiable historical losses from operations, the Company recorded a full valuation allowance on its deferred tax assets. The Company will be able to reverse the valuation allowance when it has shown its ability to generate taxable income on a consistent basis in future periods. The valuation allowance does not have an impact on the Company's ability to utilize any net operating losses or other tax attributes to offset cash taxes payable as these items are still eligible to be used. 
 
 The Company recorded a valuation allowance against all of its net operating losses in Ireland, France and the U.S. as of December 31, 2022 and recorded a valuation allowance against all of its net operating losses in Ireland and France as of December 31, 2021. The Company intends to continue maintaining a full valuation allowance on the Irish and U.S. net operating losses until there is sufficient evidence to support the reversal of all or some portion of these allowances. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company has unremitted earnings of outside of Ireland as measured on a U.S. GAAP basis. Whereas the measure of earnings for purposes of taxation of a distribution may be different for tax purposes, these earnings, which are considered to be invested indefinitely, would become subject to income tax if they were remitted as dividends or if the Company were to sell its stock in the subsidiaries, net of any prior income taxes paid. It is not practicable to estimate the amount of deferred tax liability on such earnings, if any. 
 
 R D Tax Credits Receivable 
 
 The French and Irish governments provide tax credits to companies for spending on innovative R D. These credits are recorded as an offset of R D expenses and are credited against income taxes payable in years after being incurred or, if not so utilized, are recoverable in cash after a specified period of time, which may differ depending on the tax credit regime. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s net research tax credit receivable amounts to and represents a French gross research tax credit of and an Irish gross research tax credit of . As of December 31, 2021, the Company s net research tax credit receivable amounts to and represents a French gross research tax credit of and an Irish gross research tax credit of . 
 
 2020 CARES Act 
 
 The CARES Act, enacted on March 27, 2020, includes significant business tax provisions. In particular, the CARES Act modified the rules associated with net operating losses. Under the temporary provisions of the CARES Act, net operating loss carryforwards and carrybacks may offset 100 of taxable income for taxable years beginning before 2021. In addition, net operating losses arising in 2018, 2019 and 2020 taxable years may be carried back to each of the preceding five years to generate a refund. The Company filed refund claims for associated with the carryback of 2019 tax losses and a refund claim associated with the carryback of 2020 tax losses. During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company collected all of the outstanding receivables due to the Company related to net operating loss carrybacks. 
 
 -99- 

NOTE 10: 
 Guarantee from Armistice Other Income tax receivable Total 
 
 Guarantee from Armistice Other Deferred tax assets Total 

Accrued compensation Accrued outsourced contract manufacturing costs Accrued restructuring (see Note 12 
 Customer allowances Total 
 
 Guarantee to Deerfield Other Total 
 
 Guarantee to Deerfield Total 
 
 -100- 

NOTE 11: 
 -101- 

-102- 

-103- 

to per year. If LUMRYZ is approved by the FDA and the contract manufacturer is subsequently approved, the annual commitment could be up to per year. 
 Guarantees 
 
 The fair values of the Company s guarantee to Deerfield Capital L.P. Deerfield and the guarantee received by the Company from Armistice Capital Master Fund, Ltd. largely offset and when combined are not material. 
 
 Deerfield Guarantee 
 
 In connection with the Company s February 2018 divestiture of its pediatric assets, including four pediatric commercial stage assets Karbinal ER, Cefaclor, Flexichamber and AcipHex Sprinkle FSC products ), to Cerecor, Inc. Cerecor ), the Company guaranteed to Deerfield a quarterly royalty payment of on net sales of the FSC products through February 6, 2026 FSC Product Royalties ), in an aggregate amount of up to approximately . Given the Company s explicit guarantee to Deerfield, the Company recorded the guarantee in accordance with ASC 460. The balance of this guarantee liability was at December 31, 2022. This liability is being amortized proportionately based on undiscounted cash outflows through the remainder of the contract with Deerfield. 
 
 Armistice Guarantee 
 
 In connection with the Company s February 2018 divestiture of the pediatric assets, Armistice Capital Master Fund, Ltd., the majority shareholder of Cerecor, guaranteed to the Company the FSC Product Royalties. The Company recorded the guarantee in accordance with ASC 460. The balance of this guarantee asset was at December 31, 2022. This asset is being amortized proportionately based on undiscounted cash outflows through the remainder of the contract with Deerfield noted above. 
 -104- 

NOTE 12: 
 
 reduction in its workforce that was completed at the end of August 2022 (the 2022 Corporate Restructuring Plan ). Restructuring expense of , comprised primarily of severance related costs, was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Charges for employee severance, benefits and other costs Payments ) Other adjustments ) Balance of 2022 Corporate Restructuring Plan accrual at December 31, 
 
 The 2022 Corporate Restructuring Plan liabilities of are included in the consolidated balance sheet in accrued expenses at December 31, 2022. 
 
 2019 French Restructuring 
 
 During the second quarter of 2019, the Company initiated a plan to discontinue all French business activities, which resulted in the redundancy and reduction of its entire workforce at its V nissieux, France site and the cessation of all business activities there 2019 French Restructuring ). This reduction was part of an effort to align the Company s cost structure with its ongoing and future planned projects. The discontinuation of business activities and elimination of the workforce in France was completed during the year ended December 31, 2020. Restructuring charges associated with this plan recognized during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were immaterial. The Company does not expect to incur any additional expenses related to the 2019 French Restructuring. 
 
 (Benefit) charges for employee severance, benefits and other costs ) Payments ) Foreign currency impact ) ) Balance of restructuring accrual at December 31, 
 
 The 2019 French Restructuring liability of is included in the consolidated balance sheet in accrued expenses at December 31, 2022. 

NOTE 13: 
 
 shares of authorized ordinary shares with a nominal value of per ordinary share. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had ordinary shares issued and outstanding, respectively. The Board of Directors is authorized to issue preferred shares in series, and with respect to each series, to fix its designation, relative rights (including voting, dividend, conversion, sinking fund, and redemption rights), preferences (including dividends and liquidation) and 
 -105- 

shares of authorized preferred shares, nominal value, of which are currently issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Shelf Registration Statement on Form S-3 
 
 In February 2020, the Company filed with the SEC a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement (File No. 333-236258) that allows issuance and sale by the Company, from time to time, of: 
 
 a. up to in aggregate of ordinary shares, nominal value US per share (the Ordinary Shares ), each of which may be represented by American Depositary Shares ADSs ), preferred shares, nominal value US per share (the Preferred Shares ), debt securities (the Debt Securities ), warrants to purchase Ordinary Shares, ADSs, Preferred Shares and/or Debt Securities (the Warrants ), and/or units consisting of Ordinary Shares, ADSs, Preferred Shares, one or more Debt Securities or Warrants in one or more series, in any combination, pursuant to the terms of the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement, the base prospectus contained in the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement (the 2020 Base Prospectus ), and any amendments or supplements thereto; including 
 
 b. up to of ADSs that may be issued and sold from time to time pursuant to the terms of an Open Market Sale Agreement SM , entered into with Jefferies LLC Jefferies on February 4, 2020 (the Sales Agreement ), the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement, the 2020 Base Prospectus and the terms of the sales agreement prospectus contained in the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement. The Company agreed to pay Jefferies a commission up to of the aggregate gross sales proceeds of such ADSs. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had issued and sold ADSs, resulting in net proceeds to the Company of approximately , pursuant to the Sales Agreement. 
 
 The transaction costs associated with the 2020 Shelf Registration Statement totaled , of which remain recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets at December 31, 2022. 
 
 In August 2022, the Company filed with the SEC a new shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement (File No. 333-267198) that allows issuance and sale by the Company, from time to time, of: 
 
 a. up to in aggregate of Ordinary Shares, each of which may be represented by ADSs, Preferred Shares, Debt Securities, Warrants, and/or units consisting of Ordinary Shares, ADSs, Preferred Shares, one or more Debt Securities or Warrants in one or more series, in any combination, pursuant to the terms of the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement, the base prospectus contained in the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement (the 2022 Base Prospectus ), and any amendments or supplements thereto; including 
 
 b. up to of ADSs that may be issued and sold from time to time pursuant to the Sales Agreement, the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement, the 2022 Base Prospectus and the terms of the sales agreement prospectus contained in the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had up to of ADSs available for sale under the ATM Program pursuant to the Sales Agreement. 
 
 The transactions costs associated with the 2022 Shelf Registration Statement totaled , which are recorded within prepaid expenses and other current assets at December 31, 2022. 
 
 February 2020 Private Placement 
 
 On February 21, 2020, the Company announced that it entered into a definitive agreement for the sale of its ADSs and Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Shares Series A Preferred in a private placement to a group of institutional accredited investors. The private placement resulted in gross proceeds of approximately before deducting placement agent and other offering expenses, which resulted in net proceeds of . 
 
 Pursuant to the terms of the private placement, the Company issued ADSs and shares of Series A Preferred at a price of per share, priced at-the-market under Nasdaq rules. Each share of non-voting Series A Preferred is convertible into one 
 -106- 

of the total number of Avadel ADSs outstanding. The closing of the private placement occurred on February 25, 2020. 
 
 Issuance costs of have been recorded as a reduction of additional paid-in capital. 
 
 May 2020 Public Offering 
 
 In connection with the shelf registration statement described above, on April 28, 2020, the Company announced the pricing of an underwritten public offering of Ordinary Shares, in the form of ADSs at a price to the public of per ADS. Each ADS represents the right to receive one Ordinary Share. All of the ADSs were offered by the Company and the gross proceeds to the Company from the offering were approximately , before deducting underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses, which resulted in net proceeds of . The offering closed on May 1, 2020. 

NOTE 14: 
 Selling, general and administrative Total share-based compensation expense 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company expects of unrecognized expense related to granted, but non-vested share-based compensation arrangements to be incurred in future periods. This expense is expected to be recognized over a weighted average period of years. 
 
 In 2022, the Company granted options with performance conditions to employees of which vest upon the achievement of certain commercial milestones related to LUMRYZ and the other vest following achievement of those milestones 2022 Performance Options ). At December 31, 2022, achievement of these milestones was not considered probable and the Company has not yet recognized any share-based compensation on the 2022 Performance Options. In the event the performance conditions are met, of share-based compensation expense is expected to be recognized. 
 
 The excess tax benefit related to share-based compensation recorded by the Company was not material for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Upon exercise of stock options, or upon the issuance of restricted share awards or performance share unit awards, the Company issues new shares. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, there were shares authorized for stock option grants, restricted share award grants, and performance share unit award grants in subsequent periods. 
 
 Inducement Plan 
 
 In November 2021, the Board of Directors approved the Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc 2021 Inducement Plan (the Inducement Plan ), which allows the Company to grant equity awards to induce highly-qualified prospective officers and employees who are not currently employed by the Company to accept employment and provide them with a proprietary interest in the Company. The maximum number of shares reserved and available for issuance under the Plan is shares. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had shares available for issuance under this Inducement Plan in subsequent periods. 
 
 Determining the Fair Value of Stock Options 
 
 The Company measures the total fair value of stock options on the grant date using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model and recognizes each grant s fair value as compensation expense over the period that the option vests. Other than the 2022 Performance Options described above, options are granted to employees of the Company and become exercisable ratably over following the grant date and expire after the grant date. Prior to 2021, the Company issued stock options to its Board of Directors as compensation for services rendered that are exercisable ratably over following the grant 
 -107- 

after the grant date. Beginning in 2021, the Company issued stock options to its Board of Directors as compensation for services rendered and are exercisable following the grant date and expire after the grant date. 
 
 Expected volatility Risk-free interest rate Expected dividend yield 
 
 Expected term : The expected term of the options represents the period of time between the grant date and the time the options are either exercised or forfeited, including an estimate of future forfeitures for outstanding options. Given the limited historical data, the simplified method has been used to calculate the expected life. 
 
 Expected volatility : The expected volatility is calculated based on an average of the historical volatility of the Company s stock price for a period approximating the expected term. 
 Risk-free interest rate : The risk-free interest rate is based on the U.S. Treasury yield curve in effect at the time of grant and a maturity that approximates the expected term. 
 Expected dividend yield : The Company has not distributed any dividends since its inception and have no plan to distribute dividends in the foreseeable future. 
 Stock Options 
 Granted Exercised ) Forfeited ) Expired ) Stock options outstanding, December 31, 2022 
 years Stock options exercisable, December 31, 2022 
 years 
 
 The aggregate intrinsic value of options exercised during the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and , respectively. 
 
 The weighted average grant date fair value of options granted during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was and per share, respectively. 
 
 Restricted Share Awards 
 Restricted share awards represent Company shares issued free of charge to employees of the Company as compensation for services rendered. The Company measures the total fair value of restricted share awards on the grant date using the Company s stock price at the time of the grant. Restricted share awards granted from 2017-2020 vest over a period; two-thirds (2/3) vesting on the second anniversary of the grant date and the remaining one-third (1/3) vesting on the third anniversary of the grant date. In 2021, restricted share awards granted to employees vest over a period; one-fourth (1/4) on each anniversary of the grant date. In 2018, the Company issued restricted share awards to its Board of Directors vesting over a 
 -108- 

period; one-third (1/3) vesting on each of the three anniversaries of the grant date. Compensation expense for such awards granted during and after 2017 is recognized over the applicable vesting period. 
 
 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Non-vested restricted share awards outstanding, December 31, 2022 

restricted share awards were granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average grant date fair value of restricted share awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2021 was per share. 
 
 Performance Share Units Awards 
 
 Performance share units awards PSUs represent Company shares issued free of charge to employees of the Company as compensation for achieving various results. The Company measures the total fair value of performance share unit awards on the grant date using the Company s stock price at the time of the grant. In 2020, the Company granted performance share awards, of which vest upon the achievement of certain regulatory milestones related to LUMRYZ and the other vest following achievement of those milestones 2020 PSU awards ). The regulatory milestones were not met and the 2020 PSU awards were forfeited in 2022. The Company did not recognize any share-based compensation expense related to the 2020 PSU awards as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 In 2021, the Company granted performance share awards of which vest upon achievement of certain corporate objectives and the second vests following achievement of those objectives 2021 PSU awards ). The objectives of the 2021 PSU awards were not met and the 2021 PSU awards were forfeited in 2022. The Company did not recognize any share-based compensation expense related to the 2021 PSU awards as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Granted Vested Forfeited ) Non-vested performance share awards outstanding, December 31, 2022 

There were no performance share awards granted during the year ended December 31, 2022. The weighted average grant date fair value of performance share awards granted during the years ended December 31, 2021 was per share. 
 
 -109- 

per share, or ADSs representing such ordinary shares (collectively, Shares which may be issued under the ESPP is . The purchase price at which a share will be issued or sold for a given offering period will be established by the Compensation Committee of the Board Committee (and may differ among participants, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion) but will in no event be less than of the lesser of: (a) the fair market value of a Share on the offering date; or (b) the fair market value of a Share on the purchase date. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and ordinary shares to employees, respectively. Expense related to the ESPP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was immaterial. 

NOTE 15:) ) Weighted average shares: Basic shares Effect of dilutive securities employee and director equity awards outstanding Diluted shares Net loss per share - basic ) ) Net loss per share - diluted ) ) 
 and were excluded from the calculation of weighted average shares for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, because either their effect was considered to be anti-dilutive or they were related to shares from PSUs for which the contingent vesting condition had not been achieved. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the effects of dilutive securities were entirely excluded from the calculation of net loss per share as a net loss was reported in these periods. 
 
 -110- 

NOTE 16:) ) Net other comprehensive loss ) ) Balance at December 31, ) ) Unrealized (loss) gain on marketable securities, net Beginning balance ) Net other comprehensive loss, net of income tax benefit of and , respectively 
 ) ) Balance at December 31, ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive loss at December 31, ) ) 

NOTE 17: 
 segment, the development and commercialization of pharmaceutical products, including controlled-release therapeutic products based on its proprietary polymer based technology. The Company s Chief Operating Decision Maker is the Chief Executive Officer CEO ). The CEO reviews profit and loss information on a consolidated basis to assess performance and make overall operating decisions as well as resource allocations. All products are included in segment because the Company s products have similar economic and other characteristics, including the nature of the products and production processes, type of customers, distribution methods and regulatory environment. The Company had revenue during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 Currently, the Company is working with contract manufacturing organizations for the manufacture of LUMRYZ. Additionally, the Company purchases raw materials used in LUMRYZ from a limited number of suppliers, including a single supplier for certain key ingredients. 
 
 Non-monetary long-lived assets primarily consist of property and equipment, goodwill, intangible assets and operating right-of use-assets. 
 Ireland Total 

NOTE 18: 
 
 aggregate principal amount of its February 2023 Notes on the maturity date of February 1, 2023. 
 
 On March 29, 2023, the Issuer executed an agreement to exchange of its October 2023 Notes for a new series of exchangeable notes due April 2027 (the April 2027 Notes (the 2023 Exchange Transaction ). The remaining aggregate principal amount of the October 2023 Notes will maintain a maturity date of October 2, 2023. 
 
 On March 29, 2023, the Company executed a royalty purchase agreement with RTW Investments, L.P. that could provide the Company up to of royalty financing. The of royalty financing will be accessible following achievement of certain regulatory and financial milestones, including final FDA approval and commercial launch of LUMRYZ. 
 -111- 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (the "Company") as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of loss, comprehensive loss, shareholders' (deficit) equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and the schedule listed in the Index at Item 15 (collectively referred to as the "financial statements"). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the Company's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission and our report dated March 29, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on the Company's internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Going Concern - Refer to Note 1 to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 The Company has a recent history of generating losses and negative cash flows from operations, an accumulated shareholders deficit as of December 31, 2022, and approximately 73.981 million of cash and cash equivalents and 22.518 million of marketable securities available for use to fund its operations, debt service and capital requirements. The Company s ability to generate revenue is expected to start following the launch of LUMRYZ, which is dependent, in part, on final approval of LUMRYZ by the Food and Drug Administration. Further, on March 29, 2023, the Company executed an agreement to exchange 96.188 million of its 117.375 million October 2023 Notes for a new series of notes due April 2027 (the 2023 Exchange Agreement ). 
 
 To assess their ability to meet obligations as they come due for at least twelve months from the issuance date of the financial statements, the Company has forecasted future cash outflows and cash inflows based on the Company s forecasted operating plan, the execution of the 2023 Exchange Agreement, and the Company s ability to raise sufficient additional capital through the use of its at-the-market offering program ATM Program which requires significant judgment and estimation. 
 -112- 

Auditing management's conclusion that it is probable that the Company's plans will be achieved and alleviate substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern and auditing the Company's disclosure regarding liquidity and going concern, specifically the judgments and estimates in the Company's forecasted financial results and ability to raise sufficient additional capital through the use of the ATM Program, involved especially subjective judgment and significant audit effort. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the Company's evaluation and disclosure of liquidity and going concern included the following, among others: 
 
 We tested the effectiveness of internal controls over the Company's going concern evaluation, including the inputs, estimates and assumptions used in their forecasted cash flows. 
 
 We evaluated the Company's forecasted cash flow and ability to meet obligations as they come due for at least twelve months from the issuance date of these financial statements by: 
 Evaluating management's key assumptions, including the categorization of cash outflows as discretionary versus non-discretionary and projected cash inflows from the ATM Program. We evaluated whether the assumptions used were reasonable considering (i) current and past performance of the Company; (ii) management's historical forecasting accuracy; and (iii) whether these assumptions were consistent with evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 Independently assessing the sensitivity and impact of reasonably possible changes in the key assumptions and estimates included in management's cash flow forecasts and liquidity position and compared those results to the sensitivity analyses performed by management. 
 Comparing the Company's forecasted future cash flows to historical results and previous forecasts and internal communications to management and the Board of Directors. 
 
 We inspected the 2023 Exchange Agreement executed after December 31, 2022, and agreed the amounts, key terms and dates to management's forecast. 
 
 We evaluated the completeness of the Company's future obligations and evaluated consistency of evidence obtained in other areas of the audit. 
 
 We evaluated management's plans, including the estimated cost savings and probability that the Company will be able to successfully implement these plans to alleviate substantial doubt about the Company's ability to continue as a going concern. 

/s/ Deloitte and Touche LLP 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 March 29, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2016. 
 
 -113- 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited the internal control over financial reporting of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (the Company as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO). In our opinion, the Company maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by COSO. 
 
 We have also audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated financial statements as of and for the year ended December 31, 2022, of the Company and our report dated March 29, 2023, expressed an unqualified opinion on those financial statements. 
 Basis for Opinion 
 The Company s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting, included in the accompanying Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

/s/ Deloitte and Touche LLP 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 March 29, 2023 

-114- 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 
 None. 

Item 9A. Controls and Procedures. 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As required by Rule 15d -15(b) of the Exchange Act, our management has evaluated, under the supervision and with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report. Based on that evaluation, our principal executive officer and principal financial officer concluded that as of the end of the period covered by this Annual Report our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective due to the material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting described below. 
 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 We assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, our management used the criteria set forth in Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission . Based on this assessment, management concluded that, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s internal control over financial reporting is effective based on those criteria. 
 Material Weakness in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Remediation of Material Weakness 
 As previously described in the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021, management had identified a material weakness in the Company s internal controls over financial reporting specifically related to its February 2023 Notes indenture. The Company is committed to maintaining a strong internal control environment and implemented measures in the first quarter of 2022 to remediate the control deficiency contributing to the material weakness. Specifically, management implemented a remediation plan that included: 
 Adoption of additional control procedures surrounding timely and periodic evaluation of all terms of the Company s debt agreements and the associated calculation of interest expense in accordance with the terms of any such debt agreement. 
 
 A review of all Company contractual and debt agreements for potential terms or tentative conditions that could impact the calculation of interest expense similar to those terms underlying the control deficiency alongside the Exchange Transaction on April 5, 2022, noting none. 
 
 Management believes these additional internal controls and procedures will ensure the completeness and accuracy of the calculation and timely payment of interest expense, classification of debt and compliance with terms of the Company s debt agreements. 
 
 Management evaluated the design and operational effectiveness of the remediation activities and concluded that there is sufficient evidence that the previously reported material weakness pertaining to the February 2023 Notes indenture was remediated as of June 30, 2022 and continues to be remediated as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Other Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 Other than the changes outlined in the preceding section, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting identified in management s evaluation pursuant to Rules 13a-15(d) or 15d-15(d) of the Exchange Act during the year 
 -115- 

ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item 9B. Other Information. 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections. 
 
 Not applicable. 
 -116- 

PART III 
 Certain information required by Part III is omitted from this Annual Report on Form 10-K because we intend to file our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual general meeting of shareholders pursuant to Regulation 14A of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (our Definitive 2023 Proxy Statement ), not later than 120 days after the end of the fiscal year covered by this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and certain information to be included in our Definitive 2023 Proxy Statement is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance. 
 Information regarding Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance is hereby incorporated by reference to our Definitive 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 11. Executive Compensation. 
 Information regarding Executive Compensation is hereby incorporated by reference to our Definitive 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 Information regarding Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters is hereby incorporated by reference to our Definitive 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 
 Information regarding Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence is hereby incorporated by reference to our Definitive 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 

Item 14. Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 
 Our independent public accounting firm is , (PCAOB Auditor ID: ). 
 
 Information regarding Principal Accountant Fees and Services is hereby incorporated by reference to our Definitive 2023 Proxy Statement, which we intend to file with the SEC within 120 days after December 31, 2022. 
 -117- 

PART IV 

Item 15. Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) Documents filed as part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements 
 See Item 8 - Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of Part II of this Report. 
 2 . Financial Statement Schedules 
 See below for Schedule II: Valuation and Qualifying Accounts. All other schedules are omitted as they are not applicable, not required or the information is included in the consolidated financial statements or related notes to the consolidated financial statements. 
 ) 2021 ) ) 2020 
 
 a. Additions to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance relate to movements on certain French, Irish and U.S. deferred tax assets where we continue to maintain a valuation allowance until sufficient positive evidence exists to support reversal. 
 b. Deductions to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance include movements relating to utilization of net operating losses and tax credit carryforwards, release in valuation allowance and other movements including adjustments following finalization of tax returns. 
 c. Other changes to the deferred tax asset valuation allowance including currency translation adjustments recorded directly in equity, account method changes and the impact of corporate restructuring. 
 3. Exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K 
 The exhibits required by Item 601 of Regulation S-K and Item 15(b) of this Annual Report on Form 10-K are listed in the Exhibit Index immediately preceding the signature page of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The exhibits listed in the Exhibit Index are incorporated by reference herein. 
 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 Index to Exhibits 
 Exhibit Number Exhibit Description 3.1 Constitution (containing the Memorandum and Articles of Association) of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (incorporated by reference to Appendix 15 of Exhibit 2.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on July 1, 2016) 
 3.2 Certificate of Designation of Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Shares of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc, dated February 20, 2020 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on February 24, 2020) 
 
 -118- 

4.1 Deposit Agreement dated as of January 3, 2017 among Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc, The Bank of New York, as Depositary, and holders from time to time of American Depositary Shares issued thereunder (including as an exhibit the form of American Depositary Receipt) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 1.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K12B, filed on January 4, 2017 and amended January 6, 2017) 
 4.2 Indenture, dated as of February 16, 2018, by and between Avadel Finance Cayman Limited, Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (including an as exhibit the Form of 4.50 Exchangeable Senior Note due 2023) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on February 16, 2018) 
 4.3 First Supplemental Indenture, dated as of February 6, 2019, by and among Avadel Finance Cayman Limited, Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc, and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on February 7, 2019) 
 4.4 Indenture, dated as of April 4, 2022, by and between the Issuer, the Company and The Bank of New York Mellon, as Trustee. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2022) 
 4.5 Form of 4.50 Exchangeable Senior Note due 2023 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K filed on April 7, 2022) 
 4.6 Description of Securities (filed herewith) 
 10.1 Exclusive License Agreement by and between Perrigo Pharma International DAC (f/k/a Elan Pharma International Limited) and Flamel Ireland Limited dated September 30, 2015, as amended by the First Amendment to Exclusive License Agreement dated December 21, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 9, 2021) 
 10.2 Office Lease Agreement by and between Grove II LLC and Eclat Pharmaceuticals LLC dated October 5, 2015, as amended (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 9, 2021) 
 10.3 December 2015 Stock Option Rules (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed on March 15, 2016) 
 10.4 Form of Stock Option Grant Letter (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015, filed on March 15, 2016) 
 10.5 Rules Governing the Free Share Plan - August 2016 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.1 to the registrant s Registration Statement (No. 333-213154) on Form S-8, filed on August 16, 2016) 
 10.6 August 2016 Stock Option Rules (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.2 to the registrant s Registration Statement (No. 333-213154) on Form S-8, filed on August 16, 2016) 
 10.7 August 2016 Stock Warrant Rules (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 99.3 to the registrant s Registration Statement (No. 333-213154) on Form S-8, filed on August 16, 2016) 
 10.8 
 Form of stock option grant letter for 2016 Stock Option Rules (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the registrant's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016, filed on March 28, 2017) 
 10.9 Amended Employment Agreement dated as of June 3, 2019 between Avadel Management Corporation and Gregory J. Divis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on June 5, 2019) 
 
 -119- 

10.10 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2022, between Avadel Management Corporation and Gregory J. Divis (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on From 10-Q, for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed on November 9, 2022) 
 10.11 Employment Agreement dated as of May 15, 2020 between Avadel Management Corporation and Thomas S. McHugh (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s current report on Form 10-Q, filed on August 10, 2020) 
 10.12 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2022, between Avadel Management Corporation and Thomas S. McHugh (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on From 10-Q, for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed on November 9, 2022) 
 10.13 Asset Purchase Agreement by and among Cerecor, Inc. and Avadel Pharmaceuticals (USA), Inc., Avadel Pediatrics, Inc., FSC Therapeutics, LLC, Avadel US Holdings, Inc. and Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc dated as of February 12, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.43 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed on March 16, 2018) 
 10.14 Guarantee by Avadel US Holdings, Inc. and Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc in favor of Deerfield CSF, LLC, Peter Steelman and James Flynn dated as of February 16, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.45 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed on March 16, 2018) 
 10.15 Guarantee by Armistice Capital Master Fund, Ltd. in favor of Avadel US Holdings, Inc. dated as of February 16, 2018 (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.46 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017, filed on March 16, 2018) 
 10.16 Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc 2017 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan and related equity award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 9, 2021) 
 10.17 Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc 2020 Omnibus Incentive Compensation Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 9, 2021) 
 10.18 Employment Agreement dated as of February 15, 2021 between Avadel Management Corporation and Richard Kim (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to the registrant s Quarterly report on Form 10-Q, for the quarter ended March 31, 2021, filed on May 10, 2021) 
 10.19 First Amendment to Employment Agreement, dated as of September 28, 2022, between Avadel Management Corporation and Richard Kim (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the registrant s Quarterly Report on From 10-Q, for the quarter ended September 30, 2022, filed on November 9, 2022) 
 10.20 Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc 2021 Inducement Plan and related equity award agreements (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K, for the year ended December 31, 2021, filed on March 16, 2022) 
 10.21+ Manufacturing Agreement by and between Flamel Ireland Limited and Recipharm Pessac, dated as of October 1, 2022 (filed herewith) 
 10.22+ Generic API Supply Agreement by and between Euticals Inc. and Avadel CNS Pharmaceuticals, LLC, dated as of January 2, 2020 (filed herewith) 
 
 -120- 

14.1 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to the registrant s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020, filed on March 9, 2021) 
 14.2 Financial Integrity Policy (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.2 to the registrant s current report on Form 8-K, filed on March 7, 2017) 
 21.1 List of Subsidiaries (filed herewith) 
 23.1 Consent of Deloitte Touche LLP (filed herewith) 
 31.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 31.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (filed herewith) 
 32.1 Certification of the Chief Executive Officer pursuant to USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 
 32.2 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer pursuant to USC Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 (furnished herewith) 
 101.INS Inline XBRL Instant Document 101.SCH Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 101.CAL Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 101.DEF Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 101.LAB Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels Linkbase Document 101.PRE Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as inline XBRL with applicable taxonomy extension information contained in Exhibits 101. (filed herewith) 
 
 Confidential treatment has been requested for the redacted portions of this agreement. A complete copy of the agreement, including the redacted portions, has been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission. 
 # The representations and warranties contained in this agreement were made only for purposes of the transactions contemplated by the agreement as of specific dates and may have been qualified by certain disclosures between the parties and a contractual standard of materiality different from those generally applicable under securities laws, among other limitations. The representations and warranties were made for purposes of allocating contractual risk between the parties to the agreement and should not be relied upon as a disclosure of factual information relating to the Company, the Investors or the transaction described in the Current Report on Form 8-K. 
 Management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement filed pursuant to Item 15(b) of Form 10-K. 
 + Certain exhibits and schedules to these agreements have been omitted pursuant to Item 601 of Regulation S-K. The registrant will furnish copies of any of the exhibits and schedules to the Securities and Exchange Commission upon request. 
 Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted because they are not material and the registrant customarily and actually treats that information as private or confidential. 
 (1) This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of the registrant under the Securities Act of 1933 or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 
 -121- 

SIGNATURES 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc Dated: March 29, 2023 
 By: /s/ Gregory J. Divis Name: Gregory J. Divis Title: Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS , that each of Geoffrey M. Glass, Eric J. Ende, Mark A. McCamish, MD, Ph.D., Linda S. Palczuk, and Peter J. Thornton, by their respective signatures below, irrevocably constitutes and appoints Gregory J. Divis and Thomas S. McHugh, and each of them individually acting alone without the other, his true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him and in his name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this report, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in connection therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents, or either of them, or their or his substitutes or substitute, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 Signature Title Date /s/ Gregory J. Divis Director, Chief Executive Officer and Principal Executive Officer March 29, 2023 Gregory J. Divis /s/ Thomas S. McHugh Chief Financial Officer and Principal Financial and Accounting Officer March 29, 2023 Thomas S. McHugh /s/ Geoffrey M. Glass Non-Executive Chairman of the Board and Director March 29, 2023 Geoffrey M. Glass /s/ Dr. Eric J. Ende Director March 29, 2023 Dr. Eric J. Ende /s/ Mark A. McCamish, MD, Ph.D. Director March 29, 2023 Mark A. McCamish, MD, Ph.D. /s/ Linda S. Palczuk Director March 29, 2023 Linda S. Palczuk /s/ Peter J. Thornton Director March 29, 2023 Peter J. Thornton 
 -122- 

<EX-4.6>
 2
 a123122ex-46.htm
 EX-4.6

Document 

Description of the Registrant s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended 
 The following description of the registered securities of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc Avadel, we or our summarizes the material terms and provisions of our ordinary shares, which may be represented by American Depositary Shares, or ADSs, and preferred shares. The following description of our share capital does not purport to be complete and is subject to, and qualified in its entirety by, our memorandum and articles of association (the Avadel Constitution ), which is incorporated by reference as Exhibit 3.1 to this Form 10-K , and by applicable law. 
 The following description includes comparisons of certain provisions of the Avadel Constitution and Irish law applicable to us and the Delaware General Corporation Law, or the DGCL, the law under which many publicly listed companies in the United States are incorporated. Because such statements are summaries, they do not address all aspects of Irish law that may be relevant to us and our shareholders or all aspects of Delaware law which may differ from Irish law, and they are not intended to be a complete discussion of the respective rights. 
 General 
 Our authorized share capital is 5,500,000 divided into 500,000,000 ordinary shares with a nominal value of 0.01 each and 50,000,000 preferred shares with a nominal value of 0.01 each, plus 25,000 divided into 25,000 deferred ordinary shares with a nominal value of 1.00 each. 
 Ordinary Shares 
 The holders of ordinary shares are entitled to one vote for each share held of record on all matters submitted to a vote of the shareholders. 
 Our ordinary shares are not for trading and only registered in connection with the listing of American Depositary Shares ADSs on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the trading symbol AVDL. 
 The transfer agent and registrar for our ordinary shares is Computershare Ireland. 
 Preferred Shares 
 The Avadel Constitution empowers our Board of Directors, without action by our shareholders, to issue up to 50,000,000 preferred shares from time to time in one or more classes or series. Our Board of Directors is authorized, without obtaining any vote or consent of the holders of any class or series of shares, unless expressly provided by the terms of that class or series of shares, to provide from time to time for the issuance of other classes or series of shares and to establish the characteristics of each class or series, including the number of shares, designations, relative voting rights, dividend rights, liquidation and other rights, redemption, repurchase or exchange rights and any other preferences and relative, participating, optional or other rights and limitations not inconsistent with applicable law. 
 Warrants 
 We may issue warrants for the purchase of our ordinary shares, preferred shares or debt securities or any combination thereof. Warrants may be issued independently or together with our ordinary shares, preferred shares or debt securities and may be attached to or separate from any offered securities. To the extent warrants that we issue are to be publicly-traded, each series of such warrants will be issued under a separate warrant agreement to be entered into between us and a bank or trust company, as warrant agent. The warrant agent will act solely as our agent in connection with such warrants. The warrant agent will not have any obligation or relationship of agency or trust for or with any holders or beneficial owners of warrants. This summary of certain provisions of the warrants is not complete. For the terms of a particular series of warrants, you should refer to the prospectus supplement for that series of warrants and the warrant agreement for that particular series. 
 Registration Rights 
 On February 20, 2020, we entered into a Securities Purchase Agreement with purchasers named therein (the Investors for the sale of an aggregate of 8,680,225 ordinary shares in the form of ADSs and 487,614 Series A Non-Voting Convertible Preferred Shares. In connection with the Purchase Agreement, we entered into a Registration Rights Agreement with the Investors on February 25, 2020 (the Closing Date ). Pursuant to the Registration Rights Agreement, we agreed to prepare and file a registration statement with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC within the later of 30 calendar days following the Closing Date or the fifth trading day following the filing of the our 2020 definitive Proxy Statement with the SEC. 
 Anti-Takeover Provisions of Irish Law 
 Business Combinations with Interested Shareholders 
 The Avadel Constitution includes a provision similar to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits us from engaging in a business combination with an interested shareholder for a period of three years following the date the person became an interested shareholder, unless, in general 
 our Board of Directors approved the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder 
 upon consummation of the transaction which resulted in the shareholder becoming an interested shareholder, the shareholder owned at least 85 of the voting shares outstanding at the time of commencement of such transaction, 

excluding for purposes of determining the number of voting shares outstanding (but not the outstanding voting shares owned by the interested shareholder), voting shares owned by persons who are directors and also officers and by certain employee share plans or 
 the business combination is approved by our Board of Directors and authorized at an annual or extraordinary general meeting of shareholders by the affirmative vote of the holders of at least 75 of the outstanding voting shares that are not owned by the interested shareholder. 
 A business combination is generally defined as a merger, asset or stock sale or other transaction resulting in a financial benefit to the interested shareholder. An interested shareholder is generally defined as a person who, together with affiliates and associates, owns or, within three years prior to the date in question, owned 15 or more of our outstanding voting shares. 
 Irish Takeover Rules and Substantial Acquisition Rules 
 A transaction in which a third party seeks to acquire 30 or more of our voting rights will be governed by the Irish Takeover Panel Act 1997 and the Irish Takeover Rules made thereunder, the Irish Takeover Panel Act, 1997, Takeover Rules, 2022 (the Irish Takeover Rules ), and will be regulated by the Irish Takeover Panel. The General Principles of the Irish Takeover Rules and certain important aspects of the Irish Takeover Rules are described below. 
 General Principles 
 The Irish Takeover Rules are built on the following General Principles which will apply to any transaction regulated by the Irish Takeover Panel 
 in the event of an offer, all holders of securities of the target company must be afforded equivalent treatment and, if a person acquires control of a company, the other holders of securities must be protected 
 the holders of securities in the target company must have sufficient time and information to enable them to reach a properly informed decision on the offer where it advises the holders of securities, the Board of Directors of the target company must give its views on the effects of the implementation of the offer on employment, employment conditions and the locations of the target company s place of business 
 a target company s Board of Directors must act in the interests of that company as a whole and must not deny the holders of securities the opportunity to decide on the merits of the offer 
 false markets must not be created in the securities of the target company, the bidder or any other company concerned by the offer in such a way that the rise or fall of the prices of the securities becomes artificial and the normal functioning of the markets is distorted 
 a bidder can only announce an offer after ensuring that he or she can fulfill in full any cash consideration offered, if such is offered, and after taking all reasonable measures to secure the implementation of any other type of consideration 
 a target company may not be hindered in the conduct of its affairs longer than is reasonable by an offer for its securities and 
 a substantial acquisition of securities, whether such acquisition is to be effected by one transaction or a series of transactions, shall take place only at an acceptable speed and shall be subject to adequate and timely disclosure. 
 Mandatory Bid 
 Under certain circumstances, a person who acquires shares, or other voting securities, of a company may be required under the Irish Takeover Rules to make a mandatory cash offer for the remaining outstanding voting securities in that company at a price not less than the highest price paid for the securities by the acquiror, or any parties acting in concert with the acquiror, during the previous 12 months. This mandatory bid requirement is triggered if an acquisition of securities would increase the aggregate holding of an acquiror, including the holdings of any parties acting in concert with the acquiror, to securities representing 30 or more of the voting rights in a company, unless the Irish Takeover Panel otherwise consents. An acquisition of securities by a person holding, together with its concert parties, securities representing between 30 and 50 of the voting rights in a company would also trigger the mandatory bid requirement if, after giving effect to the acquisition, the percentage of the voting rights held by that person, together with its concert parties, would increase by 0.05 within a 12-month period. Any person, excluding any parties acting in concert with the holder, holding securities representing more than 50 of the voting rights of a company is not subject to these mandatory offer requirements in purchasing additional securities. 
 Voluntary Bid Requirements to Make a Cash Offer and Minimum Price Requirement 
 If a person makes a voluntary offer to acquire our outstanding ordinary shares, the offer price must not be less than the highest price paid for our ordinary shares by the bidder or its concert parties during the three-month period prior to the commencement of the offer period. The Irish Takeover Panel has the power to extend the look back period to 12 months if the Irish Takeover Panel, taking into account the General Principles, believes it is appropriate to do so. 
 If the bidder or any of its concert parties has acquired our ordinary shares (1) during the 12-month period prior to the commencement of the offer period that represent more than 10 of our total ordinary shares or (2) at any time after the commencement of the offer period, the offer must be in cash or accompanied by a full cash alternative and the price per ordinary share must not be less than the highest price paid by the bidder or its concert parties during, in the case of clause (1), the 12- 
 2 

month period prior to the commencement of the offer period or, in the case of (2), the offer period. The Irish Takeover Panel may apply this Rule to a bidder who, together with its concert parties, has acquired less than 10 of our total ordinary shares in the 12-month period prior to the commencement of the offer period if the Irish Takeover Panel, taking into account the General Principles, considers it just and proper to do so. 
 An offer period will generally commence from the date of the first announcement of the offer or proposed offer. 
 Substantial Acquisition Rules 
 The Irish Takeover Rules also contain rules governing substantial acquisitions of shares and other voting securities which restrict the speed at which a person may increase his or her holding of shares and rights over shares to an aggregate of between 15 and 30 of the voting rights of the company. Except in certain circumstances, an acquisition or series of acquisitions of shares or rights over shares representing 10 or more of the voting rights of the company is prohibited, if such acquisition(s), when aggregated with shares or rights already held, would result in the acquirer holding 15 or more but less than 30 of the voting rights of the company and such acquisitions are made within a period of seven days. These rules also require accelerated disclosure of acquisitions of shares or rights over shares relating to such holdings. 
 Frustrating Action 
 Under the Irish Takeover Rules, our Board of Directors is not permitted to take any action that might frustrate an offer for our shares during the course of an offer or at any earlier time during which our Board of Directors has reason to believe that such an offer is or may be imminent, subject to certain exceptions. Potentially frustrating actions such as (1) the issue of shares, options, restricted share units or convertible securities or the redemption or purchase of own securities, (2) material acquisitions or disposals, (3) entering into contracts other than in the ordinary course of business or (4) any action, other than seeking alternative offers, which may result in frustration of an offer, are prohibited during the course of an offer or at any earlier time during which our Board of Directors has reason to believe an offer is or may be imminent. Exceptions to this prohibition are available where 
 (a) the action is approved by our shareholders at a general meeting or 
 (b) the Irish Takeover Panel has given its consent, where 
 (i) it is satisfied the action would not constitute frustrating action 
 (ii) our shareholders holding more than 50 of the voting rights state in writing that they approve the proposed action and would vote in favor of it at a general meeting 
 (iii) the action is taken in accordance with a contract entered into prior to the announcement of the offer, or any earlier time at which our Board of Directors considered the offer to be imminent or 
 (iv) the decision to take such action was made before the announcement of the offer and either has been at least partially implemented or is in the ordinary course of business. 
 Shareholders Rights Plan 
 Irish law does not expressly authorize or prohibit companies from issuing share purchase rights or adopting a shareholder rights plan as an anti-takeover measure. However, there is no directly relevant case law on the validity of such plans under Irish law. In addition, such a plan would be subject to the Irish Takeover Rules and the General Principles underlying the Irish Takeover Rules. The Avadel Constitution allows our Board of Directors to adopt a shareholder rights plan upon such terms and conditions as our Board of Directors deems expedient and in the best interests of us, subject to applicable law. 
 Subject to the Irish Takeover Rules, our Board of Directors also has power to issue any of our authorized and unissued shares on such terms and conditions as it may determine and any such action should be taken in our best interests. It is possible, however, that the terms and conditions of any issue of preference shares could discourage a takeover or other transaction that holders of some or a majority of the ordinary shares believe to be in their best interests or in which holders might receive a premium for their shares over the then-market price of the shares. 
 Disclosure of Interests in Shares 
 Under the Irish Companies Act, our shareholders must notify us if, as a result of a transaction, the shareholder will become interested in three percent or more of our voting shares, or if as a result of a transaction a shareholder who was interested in three percent or more of our voting shares ceases to be so interested. Where a shareholder is interested in three percent or more of our voting shares, the shareholder must notify us of any alteration of his or her interest that brings his or her total holding through the nearest whole percentage number, whether an increase or a reduction. The relevant percentage figure is calculated by reference to the aggregate nominal value of the voting shares in which the shareholder is interested as a proportion of the entire nominal value of our issued share capital (or any such class of share capital in issue). Where the percentage level of the shareholder s interest does not amount to a whole percentage, this figure may be rounded down to the next whole number. We must be notified within five business days of the transaction or alteration of the shareholder s interests that gave rise to the notification requirement. If a shareholder fails to comply with these notification requirements, the shareholder s rights in respect of any of our shares it holds will not be enforceable, either directly or indirectly. However, such person may apply to the court to have the rights attaching to such shares reinstated. 
 In addition to these disclosure requirements, we, under the Irish Companies Act, may, by notice in writing, require a person whom we know or have reasonable cause to believe to be, or at any time during the three years immediately preceding the date on which such notice is issued to have been, interested in shares comprised in our relevant share capital to (i) indicate whether or 
 3 

not it is the case and (ii) where such person holds or has during that time held an interest in our shares, to provide additional information, including the person s own past or present interests in our shares. If the recipient of the notice fails to respond within the reasonable time period specified in the notice, we may apply to the Irish court for an order directing that the affected shares be subject to certain restrictions, as prescribed by the Irish Companies Act, as follows 
 any transfer of those shares or, in the case of unissued shares, any transfer of the right to be issued with shares and any issue of shares, shall be void 
 no voting rights shall be exercisable in respect of those shares 
 no further shares shall be issued in right of those shares or in pursuance of any offer made to the holder of those shares and 
 no payment shall be made of any sums due from us on those shares, whether in respect of capital or otherwise. 
 The court may also order that shares subject to any of these restrictions be sold with the restrictions terminating upon the completion of the sale. 
 In the event we are in an offer period pursuant to the Irish Takeover Rules, accelerated disclosure provisions apply for persons holding an interest in our securities of one percent or more. 
 Differences in Corporate Law 
 As a public limited company incorporated under the laws of Ireland, the rights of our shareholders are governed by applicable Irish law, including the Irish Companies Act, and not by the law of any U.S. state. As a result, our directors and shareholders are subject to different responsibilities, rights and privileges than are applicable to directors and shareholders of U.S. corporations. The applicable provisions of the Irish Companies Act differ from laws applicable to U.S. corporations and their shareholders. Set forth below is a summary of certain differences between the provisions of the Irish Companies Act applicable to us and the General Corporation Law of the State of Delaware relating to shareholders rights and protections. The applicable provisions in respect of the Company under the Avadel Constitution is also set out where relevant. This summary is not intended to be a complete discussion of the respective rights and it is qualified in its entirety by reference to Delaware law and Irish law. You are also urged to carefully read the relevant provisions of the Delaware General Corporation Law and the Irish Companies Act for a more complete understanding of the differences between Delaware and Irish law. 
 Ireland Delaware Number of Directors The Irish Companies Act provides for a minimum of two directors. The Avadel Constitution provides for a minimum of two directors and a maximum of 13. Our shareholders may from time to time increase or reduce the maximum number, or increase the minimum number, of directors by ordinary resolution. Our Board of Directors determines the number of directors within the range of two to 13. Under Delaware law, a corporation must have at least one director and the number of directors shall be fixed by or in the manner provided in the bylaws. Removal of Directors Under the Irish Companies Act, the shareholders may, by ordinary resolution, remove a director from office before the expiration of his or her term, at a meeting held no less than 28 days notice and at which the director is entitled to be heard. Because of this provision of the Irish Companies Act, a director may be so removed before the expiration of his or her period of office. 
 The power of removal is without prejudice to any claim for damages for breach of contract (e.g., employment contract) that the director may have against the Company in respect of his or her removal. 
 The Avadel Constitution also provides that the office of a director will also be vacated if the director is restricted or disqualified to act as a director under the Irish Companies Act resigns his or her office by notice in writing to us or in writing offers to resign and the directors resolve to accept such offer or is requested to resign in writing by not less than 75 of the other directors. 
 Under Delaware law, any director or the entire board of directors may be removed, with or without cause, by the holders of a majority of the shares then entitled to vote at an election of directors, except (i) unless the certificate of incorporation provides otherwise, in the case of a corporation whose board of directors is classified, stockholders may effect such removal only for cause, or (ii) in the case of a corporation having cumulative voting, if less than the entire board of directors is to be removed, no director may be removed without cause if the votes cast against his removal would be sufficient to elect him if then cumulatively voted at an election of the entire board of directors, or, if there are classes of directors, at an election of the class of directors of which he is a part. 
 4 

Vacancies on the Board of Directors Any vacancy on our Board of Directors, including a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors or from the death, resignation, retirement, disqualification or removal of a director, shall be deemed a casual vacancy. Subject to the terms of any one or more classes or series of preferred shares, any casual vacancy shall only be filled by the decision of a majority of our Board of Directors then in office, provided that a quorum is present and provided that the appointment does not cause the number of directors to exceed any number fixed by or in accordance with the Avadel Constitution as the maximum number of directors. 
 Any director of a class of directors elected to fill a vacancy resulting from an increase in the number of directors of such class shall hold office for the remaining term of that class. Any director elected to fill a vacancy not resulting from an increase in the number of directors shall have the same remaining term as that of his predecessor. A director retiring at a meeting shall retain office until the close or adjournment of the meeting. 
 Under Delaware law, vacancies and newly created directorships may be filled by a majority of the directors then in office (even though less than a quorum) or by a sole remaining director unless (i) otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation or bylaws of the corporation or (ii) the certificate of incorporation directs that a particular class of stock is to elect such director, in which case a majority of the other directors elected by such class, or a sole remaining director elected by such class, will fill such vacancy. Annual General Meeting We are required to hold annual general meetings at intervals of no more than fifteen months after the previous annual general meeting, provided that an annual general meeting is held in each calendar year following our first annual general meeting, no more than nine months after our fiscal year-end. 
 The only matters which must, as a matter of Irish company law, be transacted at an annual general meeting are the consideration of the Irish statutory financial statements, the report of the directors, the report of the auditors on those statements and that report and a review by the members of our affairs. If no resolution is made in respect of the reappointment of an auditor at an annual general meeting, the previous auditor will be deemed to have continued in office. 
 Under Delaware law, the annual meeting of stockholders shall be held at such place, on such date and at such time as may be designated from time to time by the board of directors or as provided in the certificate of incorporation or by the bylaws. General Meeting Our extraordinary general meetings may be convened by (i) our Board of Directors, (ii) on requisition of shareholders holding not less than 10 of our paid up share capital carrying voting rights or (iii) on requisition of our auditors. Extraordinary general meetings are generally held for the purposes of approving shareholder resolutions as may be required from time to time. 
 If our directors become aware that our net assets are half or less of the amount of our called-up share capital, our directors must convene an extraordinary general meeting of our shareholders not later than 28 days from the date that they learn of this fact. This meeting must be convened for the purposes of considering whether any, and if so what, measures should be taken to address the situation. 
 Under Delaware law, special meetings of the stockholders may be called by the board of directors or by such person or persons as may be authorized by the certificate of incorporation or by the bylaws. 
 5 

Notice of General Meetings Our extraordinary general meetings may be convened by (i) our Board of Directors, (ii) on requisition of shareholders holding not less than 10 of our paid up share capital carrying voting rights or (iii) on requisition of our auditors. Extraordinary general meetings are generally held for the purposes of approving shareholder resolutions as may be required from time to time. 
 If our directors become aware that our net assets are half or less of the amount of our called-up share capital, our directors must convene an extraordinary general meeting of our shareholders not later than 28 days from the date that they learn of this fact. This meeting must be convened for the purposes of considering whether any, and if so what, measures should be taken to address the situation. 
 Under Delaware law, special meetings of the stockholders may be called by the board of directors or by such person or persons as may be authorized by the certificate of incorporation or by the bylaws. Quorum The presence, in person or by proxy, of five or more persons holding or representing by proxy at least a majority in nominal value of the class or, at any adjourned meeting of such holders, one holder holding or representing by proxy at least a majority in nominal value of the issued shares of the class constitutes a quorum for the conduct of business. No business may take place at a general meeting if a quorum is not present in person or by proxy. Our Board of Directors has no authority to waive quorum requirements stipulated in the Avadel Constitution. Abstentions and broker non-votes will be counted as present for purposes of determining whether there is a quorum in respect of the proposals. The certificate of incorporation or bylaws may specify the number of shares, the holders of which shall be present or represented by proxy at any meeting in order to constitute a quorum, but in no event shall a quorum consist of less than one third of the shares entitled to vote at the meeting. In the absence of such specification in the certificate of incorporation or bylaws, a majority of the shares entitled to vote, present in person or represented by proxy, shall constitute a quorum at a meeting of stockholders. Proxy Under Irish law, a shareholder may designate another person to attend, speak and vote at a general meeting of the company on their behalf by proxy, which proxy need not be a shareholder. 
 Where interests in shares are held by a nominee trust company, this company may exercise the rights of the beneficial holders on their behalf as their proxy. 
 Voting rights may be exercised by shareholders registered in the share register as of the record date for the meeting or by a duly appointed proxy of such a registered shareholder, which proxy need not be a shareholder. Where interests in shares are held by a nominee trust company, this company may exercise the rights of the beneficial holders on their behalf as their proxy. All proxies must be appointed in accordance with the Avadel Constitution. The Avadel Constitution permits the appointment of proxies by our shareholders to be notified to us electronically, when permitted by our directors. 
 Under Delaware law, at any meeting of stockholders, a stockholder may designate another person to act for such stockholder by proxy, but no such proxy shall be voted or acted upon after three years from its date, unless the proxy provides for a longer period. A director of a Delaware corporation may not issue a proxy representing the director s voting rights as a director. 
 6 

Issue of New Shares As a matter of Irish law, the directors of a company may issue new shares without shareholder approval once authorized to do so by its constitution or by a simple majority of the votes cast at a general meeting of shareholders, referred to under Irish law as an ordinary resolution. Accordingly, upon incorporation, the Avadel Constitution authorized the Board to issue new ordinary and preferred shares without shareholder approval, subject to the maximum authorized share capital contained in the Avadel Constitution, for an initial period of five years from the date of adoption of the Avadel Constitution, expiring on December 20, 2021. At the annual general meeting of shareholders held on August 3, 2021, this authorization was renewed by shareholders for a further period of five years expiring December 20, 2026. The authorized share capital may be increased or reduced by a resolution approved by an ordinary resolution adopted by our shareholders at a general meeting. Similarly, the authorization renewed at the 2021 annual general meeting may be further renewed by shareholders by way of subsequent ordinary resolution. The authority to issue new ordinary and preferred shares provides us with the flexibility to consider and respond to future business needs and opportunities as they arise from time to time, including in connection with capital raising, financing and acquisition transactions or opportunities. 
 Under the Avadel Constitution, our Board of Directors has discretion as to the terms attaching to any preferred shares, including as to voting, dividend and conversion rights and priority relative to other classes of shares with respect to dividends and upon a liquidation. 
 Notwithstanding this authority, under the Irish Takeover Rules our Board of Directors would not be permitted to issue any of our shares, including preferred shares, during a period when an offer has been made for us or is believed to be imminent unless the issue is (i) approved by our shareholders at a general meeting (ii) consented to by the Irish Takeover Panel on the basis it would not constitute action frustrating the offer (iii) consented to by the Irish Takeover Panel and approved by the holders of more than 50 of our shares carrying voting rights (iv) consented to by the Irish Takeover Panel in circumstances where a contract for the issue of the shares had been entered into prior to that period or (v) consented to by the Irish Takeover Panel in circumstances where the issue of the shares was decided by our directors prior to that period and either action has been taken to implement the issuance (whether in part or in full) prior to such period or the issuance was otherwise in the ordinary course of business. 
 Under Delaware law, if the company s certificate of incorporation so provides, the directors have the power to authorize the issuance of additional stock. The directors may authorize capital stock to be issued for consideration consisting of cash, any tangible or intangible property or any benefit to the company or any combination thereof. 
 7 

Preemptive Rights Under Irish law, unless otherwise authorized, when an Irish public limited company issues shares for cash to new shareholders, it is required first to offer those shares on the same or more favorable terms to existing shareholders of the company on a pro rata basis, commonly referred to as the statutory preemption right. Upon incorporation, the Avadel Constitution opted out of these preemption rights for an initial period of five years from the date of adoption of the Avadel Constitution, expiring on December 20, 2021 as permitted under Irish law. At the annual general meeting of shareholders held on August 3, 2021, this opt-out was renewed by shareholders for a further period of five years expiring December 20, 2026. This opt-out may be further renewed by shareholders by way of a subsequent resolution approved by at least 75 of the votes cast at a general meeting of shareholders, referred to under Irish law as a special resolution. If the opt-out is not renewed, shares issued for cash must be offered to pre-existing shareholders of Avadel plc pro rata to their existing shareholding before the shares can be issued to any new shareholders (subject to limited exceptions). The statutory preemption rights do not apply where shares are issued for non-cash consideration and do not apply to the issue of non-equity shares (that is, shares that have the right to participate only up to a specified amount in any income or capital distribution). Under Delaware law, shareholders have no preemptive rights to subscribe to additional issues of stock or to any security convertible into such stock unless, and except to the extent that, such rights are expressly provided for in the certificate of incorporation. Authority to Allot Under the Avadel Constitution, we may issue shares subject to the maximum authorized share capital contained in the Avadel Constitution. The authorized share capital may be increased or reduced by a resolution approved by a simple majority of the votes cast at a general meeting of our shareholders, referred to under Irish law as an ordinary resolution. Our authorized share capital may be divided into shares of such nominal value as the resolution shall prescribe. As a matter of Irish law, the directors of a company may issue new ordinary or preferred shares without shareholder approval once authorized to do so by its constitution or by an ordinary resolution adopted by shareholders at a general meeting. The authorization may be granted for a maximum period of five years, at which point it may be renewed by shareholders by an ordinary resolution. Accordingly, upon incorporation, the Avadel Constitution authorized the Board to issue new ordinary and preferred shares without shareholder approval, subject to the maximum authorized share capital contained in the Avadel Constitution, for an initial period of five years from the date of adoption of the Avadel Constitution, expiring on December 20, 2021. At the annual general meeting of shareholders held on August 3, 2021, this authorization was renewed by shareholders for a further period of five years expiring December 20, 2026.. The authority to issue new ordinary and preferred shares provides us with the flexibility to consider and respond to future business needs and opportunities as they arise from time to time, including in connection with capital raising, financing and acquisition transactions or opportunities. Under Delaware law, if the corporation s charter or certificate of incorporation so provides, the board of directors has the power to authorize the issuance of stock. The board may authorize capital stock to be issued for consideration consisting of cash, any tangible or intangible property or any benefit to the corporation or any combination thereof. It may determine the amount of such consideration by approving a formula. In the absence of actual fraud in the transaction, the judgment of the directors as to the value of such consideration is conclusive. 
 8 

Liability of Directors and Officers To the fullest extent permitted by Irish law, the Avadel Constitution contains indemnification for the benefit of our directors, company secretary and executive officers. However, as to our directors and company secretary, this indemnity is limited by the Irish Companies Act, which prescribes that an advance commitment to indemnify only permits a company to pay the costs or discharge the liability of a director or company secretary where judgment is given in favor of the director or company secretary in any civil or criminal action in respect of such costs or liability, or where an Irish court grants relief because the director or company secretary acted honestly and reasonably and ought fairly to be excused. Any provision whereby an Irish company seeks to commit in advance to indemnify its directors or company secretary over and above the limitations imposed by the Irish Companies Act will be void, whether contained in its articles of association or any contract between the company and the director or company secretary. This restriction does not apply to our executive officers who are not directors, our company secretary or other persons who would be considered officers within the meaning of the Irish Companies Act. 
 We are permitted under the Avadel Constitution and the Irish Companies Act to take out directors and officers liability insurance, as well as other types of insurance, for our directors, officers, employees and agents. In order to attract and retain qualified directors and officers, we expect to purchase and maintain customary directors and officers liability insurance and other types of comparable insurance. 
 Under Delaware law, a corporation s certificate of incorporation may include a provision eliminating or limiting the personal liability of a director to the corporation and its stockholders for damages arising from a breach of fiduciary duty as a director. However, no provision can limit the liability of a director for 
 any breach of the director s duty of loyalty to the corporation or its stockholders 
 acts or omissions not in good faith or that involve intentional misconduct or a knowing violation of law 
 intentional or negligent payment of unlawful dividends or stock purchases or redemptions or 
 any transaction from which the director derives an improper personal benefit. 
 Voting Rights Under the Avadel Constitution, each holder of our ordinary shares is entitled to one vote for each ordinary share that he or she holds as of the record date for the meeting. The holder of our deferred ordinary shares is not entitled to a vote. We may not exercise any voting rights in respect of any shares held as treasury shares. Any shares held by our subsidiaries will count as treasury shares for this purpose, and such subsidiaries cannot therefore exercise any voting rights in respect of those shares. Delaware law provides that, unless otherwise provided in the certificate of incorporation, each stockholder is entitled to one vote for each share of capital stock held by such stockholder. 
 9 

Shareholder Vote on Certain Transactions Pursuant to Irish law, shareholder approval in connection with a transaction involving the Company would be required under the following circumstances 
 in connection with a scheme of arrangement, both a court order from the Irish High Court and the approval of a majority in number representing 75 in value of the shareholders present and voting in person or by proxy at a meeting called to approve such a scheme would be required 
 in connection with an acquisition of the Company by way of a merger with an EU company under the EU Cross-Border Mergers Directive 2005 56 EC, (as replaced by Directive (EU) 2017 1132 of 14 June 2017), approval by a special resolution of the shareholders would be required and 
 in connection with a merger with an Irish company under the Irish Companies Act, approval by a special resolution of shareholders would be required. 
 Generally, under Delaware law, unless the certificate of incorporation provides for the vote of a larger portion of the stock, completion of a merger, consolidation, sale, lease or exchange of all or substantially all of a corporation s assets or dissolution requires 
 the approval of the board of directors and 
 the approval by the vote of the holders of a majority of the outstanding stock or, if the certificate of incorporation provides for more or less than one vote per share, a majority of the votes of the outstanding stock of the corporation entitled to vote on the matter. 
 
 10 

Standard of Conduct for Directors The directors of the Company have certain statutory and fiduciary duties as a matter of Irish law. All of the directors have equal and overall responsibility for the management of the Company (although directors who also serve as employees may have additional responsibilities and duties arising under their employment agreements (if applicable), and it is likely that more will be expected of them in compliance with their duties than non-executive directors). The Irish Companies Act provides specifically for certain fiduciary duties of the directors of Irish companies, including duties 
 to act in good faith and in the best interests of the company 
 to act honestly and responsibly in relation to the company s affairs 
 to act in accordance with the company s constitution and to exercise powers only for lawful purposes 
 not to misuse the company s property, information and or opportunity 
 not to fetter their independent judgment 
 to avoid conflicts of interest 
 to exercise care, skill and diligence and 
 to have regard for the interests of the company s shareholders. 
 Other statutory duties of directors include ensuring the maintenance of proper books of account, having annual accounts prepared, having an annual audit performed, maintaining certain registers, making certain filings and disclosing personal interests. Directors of public limited companies such as Avadel will have a specific duty to ensure that the company secretary is a person with the requisite knowledge and experience to discharge the role. Directors may rely on information, opinions, reports or statements, including financial statements and other financial data, prepared or presented by (1) other directors, officers or employees of the company whom the director reasonably believes to be reliable and competent in the matters prepared or presented, (2) legal counsel, public accountants or other persons as to matters the director reasonably believes to be within their professional or expert competence, or (3) a committee of the board of which the director does not serve as to matters within its designated authority, which committee the director reasonably believed to merit confidence. 
 Delaware law does not contain specific provisions setting forth the standard of conduct of a director. The scope of the fiduciary duties of directors is generally determined by the courts of the State of Delaware. In general, directors have a duty to act without self-interest, on a well-informed basis and in a manner they reasonably believe to be in the best interest of the stockholders. 
 Directors of a Delaware corporation owe fiduciary duties of care and loyalty to the corporation and to its shareholders. The duty of care generally requires that a director act in good faith, with the care that an ordinarily prudent person would exercise under similar circumstances. Under this duty, a director must inform himself of all material information reasonably available regarding a significant transaction. The duty of loyalty requires that a director act in a manner he reasonably believes to be in the best interests of the corporation. He must not use his corporate position for personal gain or advantage. In general, but subject to certain exceptions, actions of a director are presumed to have been made on an informed basis, in good faith and in the honest belief that the action taken was in the best interests of the corporation. However, this presumption may be rebutted by evidence of a breach of one of the fiduciary duties. Delaware courts have also imposed a heightened standard of conduct upon directors of a Delaware corporation who take any action designed to defeat a threatened change in control of the corporation. 
 In addition, under Delaware law, when the board of directors of a Delaware corporation approves the sale or break-up of a corporation, the board of directors may, in certain circumstances, have a duty to obtain the highest value reasonably available to the shareholders. 
 
 11 

Shareholder Suits In Ireland, the decision to institute proceedings is generally taken by a company s board of directors, who will usually be empowered to manage the company s business. In certain limited circumstances, a shareholder may be entitled to bring a derivative action on behalf of the company. 
 The central question at issue in deciding whether a minority shareholder may be permitted to bring a derivative action is whether, unless the action is brought, a wrong committed against the company would otherwise go un-redressed. The principal case law in Ireland indicates that to bring a derivative action a person must first establish a prima facie case (i) that the company is entitled to the relief claimed and (ii) that the action falls within one of the five exceptions derived from case law, as follows 
 (1) where an ultra vires or illegal act is perpetrated 
 (2) where more than a bare majority is required to ratify the wrong complained of 
 (3) where the shareholders personal rights are infringed 
 (4) where a fraud has been perpetrated upon a minority by those in control or 
 (5) where the justice of the case requires a minority to be permitted to institute proceedings. 
 Shareholders may also bring proceedings against the company where the affairs of the company are being conducted, or the powers of the directors are being exercised, in a manner oppressive to the shareholders or in disregard of their interests. Oppression connotes conduct that is burdensome, harsh or wrong. 
 Conduct must relate to the internal management of the company. This is an Irish statutory remedy and the court can grant any order it sees fit, usually providing for the purchase or transfer of the shares of any shareholder. 
 Under Delaware law, a stockholder may initiate a derivative action to enforce a right of a corporation if the corporation fails to enforce the right itself. The complaint must 
 state that the plaintiff was a stockholder at the time of the transaction of which the plaintiff complains or that the plaintiffs shares thereafter devolved on the plaintiff by operation of law and 
 allege with particularity the efforts made by the plaintiff to obtain the action the plaintiff desires from the directors and the reasons for the plaintiff s failure to obtain the action or 
 state the reasons for not making the effort. 
 Additionally, the plaintiff must remain a stockholder through the duration of the derivative suit. The action will not be dismissed or compromised without the approval of the Delaware Court of Chancery. 

12 

American Depositary Shares 
 The Bank of New York Mellon, as depositary, registers and delivers our ADSs. Each ADS represents one share (or a right to receive one share) deposited with The Bank of New York Mellon, acting through an office located in the United Kingdom, as custodian for the depositary. Each ADS also represents any other securities, cash or other property which may be held by the depositary. The depositary s office at which the ADSs will be administered and its principal executive office are located at 240 Greenwich Street, New York, New York 10286. 
 ADSs may be held either (A) directly (i) by having an American Depositary Receipt (an ADR ), which is a certificate evidencing a specific number of ADSs, registered in the name of the holder, or (ii) by having uncertificated ADSs registered in the name of the holder, or (B) indirectly by holding a security entitlement in ADSs through a broker or other financial institution that is a direct or indirect participant in The Depository Trust Company, also called DTC. This description assumes you are an ADS holder, which is the case if the ADS is directly held. If the ADSs are indirectly held, holders must rely on the procedures of their broker or other financial institution to assert the rights of ADS holders described in this section. We encourage all holders to consult with their broker or financial institution to find out what those procedures are. 
 ADS holders are not treated as one of our shareholders and do not have shareholder rights. Irish law governs shareholder rights. The depositary will be the holder of the shares underlying your ADSs. As a registered holder of ADSs, you will have ADS holder rights. A deposit agreement among us, the depositary, ADS holders and all other persons indirectly or beneficially holding ADSs sets out ADS holder rights as well as the rights and obligations of the depositary. New York law governs the deposit agreement and the ADSs. 
 The following is a summary of the material provisions of the deposit agreement. This summary of the depositary agreement does not purport to be complete and is not intended to be a complete discussion of the respective rights. 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 The depositary has agreed to pay or distribute to ADS holders the cash dividends or other distributions it or the custodian receives on shares or other deposited securities, upon payment or deduction of its fees and expenses. These distributions are to be made in proportion to the number of shares the ADSs represent. 
 Cash . The depositary will (if necessary) convert any cash dividend or other cash distribution we pay on the shares into U.S. dollars, if it can do so on a reasonable basis and can transfer the U.S. dollars to the United States. If that is not possible or if any government approval is needed and cannot be obtained, the deposit agreement allows the depositary to distribute the foreign currency only to those ADS holders to whom it is possible to do so. It will hold the foreign currency it cannot convert for the account of the ADS holders who have not been paid. It will not invest the foreign currency and it will not be liable for any interest. 
 Before making a distribution, any withholding taxes, or other governmental charges that must be paid will be deducted. 
 The depositary will distribute only whole U.S. dollars and cents and will round fractional cents to the nearest whole cent. If the exchange rates fluctuate during a time when the depositary cannot convert the foreign currency, some value of the distribution may be lost. 
 Shares . The depositary may distribute additional ADSs representing any shares we distribute as a dividend or fee distribution. The depositary will only distribute whole ADSs. It will sell shares which would require it to deliver a fraction of an ADS (or ADSs representing those shares) and distribute the net proceeds in the same way as it does with cash. If the depositary does not distribute additional ADSs, the outstanding ADSs will also represent the new shares. The depositary may sell a portion of the distributed shares (or ADSs representing those shares) sufficient to pay its fees and expenses in connection with that distribution. 
 Rights to purchase additional shares . If we offer holders of our securities any rights to subscribe for additional shares or any other rights, the depositary may (i) exercise those rights on behalf of ADS holders, (ii) distribute those rights to ADS holders or (iii) sell those rights and distribute the net proceeds to ADS holders, in each case after deduction or upon payment of its fees and expenses. To the extent the depositary does not do any of those things, it will allow the rights to lapse and no value will be distributed. The depositary will exercise or distribute rights only if we ask it to and provide satisfactory assurances to the depositary that it is legal to do so. If the depositary will exercise rights, it will purchase the securities to which the rights relate and distribute those securities or, in the case of shares, new ADSs representing the new shares, to subscribing ADS holders, but only if ADS holders have paid the exercise price to the depositary. U.S. securities laws may restrict the ability of the depositary to distribute rights or ADSs or other securities issued on exercise of rights to all or certain ADS holders, and the securities distributed may be subject to restrictions on transfer. 
 Other Distributions . The depositary will send to ADS holders anything else we distribute on deposited securities by any means it thinks is legal, fair and practical. If it cannot make the distribution in that way, the depositary has a choice. It may decide to sell what we distributed and distribute the net proceeds, in the same way as it does with cash. Or, it may decide to hold what we distributed, in which case ADSs will also represent the newly distributed property. However, the depositary is not required to distribute any securities (other than ADSs) to ADS holders unless it receives satisfactory evidence from us that it is legal to make that distribution. The depositary may sell a portion of the distributed securities or property sufficient to pay its fees and expenses 
 13 

in connection with that distribution. U.S. securities laws may restrict the ability of the depositary to distribute securities to all or certain ADS holders, and the securities distributed may be subject to restrictions on transfer. 
 The depositary is not responsible if it decides that it is unlawful or impractical to make a distribution available to any ADS holders. We have no obligation to register ADSs, shares, rights or other securities under the Securities Act. We also have no obligation to take any other action to permit the distribution of ADSs, shares, rights or anything else to ADS holders. 
 Deposit, Withdrawal and Cancellation 
 The depositary will deliver ADSs if the holder or broker deposits shares or evidence of rights to receive shares with the custodian. Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, the depositary will register the appropriate number of ADSs in the requested names and will deliver the ADSs to or upon the order of the person or persons that made the deposit. 
 ADSs may be surrendered for the purpose of withdrawal at the depositary s office. Upon payment of its fees and expenses and of any taxes or charges, such as stamp taxes or stock transfer taxes or fees, the depositary will deliver the shares and any other deposited securities underlying the ADSs to the ADS holder or a person the ADS holder designates at the office of the custodian. The depositary may charge a fee and its expenses for instructing the custodian regarding delivery of deposited securities. 
 An ADR may be surrendered to the depositary for the purpose of exchanging an ADR for uncertificated ADSs. The depositary will cancel that ADR and will send to the ADS holder a statement confirming that the ADS holder is the registered holder of uncertificated ADSs. Upon receipt by the depositary of a proper instruction from a registered holder of uncertificated ADSs requesting the exchange of uncertificated ADSs for certificated ADSs, the depositary will executed and deliver to the ADS holder an ADR evidencing those ADSs. 
 Voting Rights 
 ADS holders may instruct the depositary how to vote the number of deposited shares their ADSs represent. If we request the depositary to solicit voting instructions (and we are not required to do so), the depositary will notify ADS holders of a shareholders meeting and send or make voting materials available. Those materials will describe the matters to be voted on and explain how ADS holders may instruct the depositary how to vote. For instructions to be valid, they much reach the depositary by a date set by the depositary. The depositary will try, as far as practical, subject to the laws of Ireland and the provisions of our articles of association or similar documents, to vote or to have its agents vote the shares or other deposited securities as instructed by ADS holders. If we do not request the depositary to solicit voting instructions, ADS holders can still send voting instructions, and, in that case, the depositary may try to vote as instructed, but it is not required to do so. 
 Except by instructing the depositary as described above, ADS holders will not be able to exercise voting rights unless they surrender their ADSs and withdraw the shares. However, there may not be enough advance notice of a meeting to withdraw the shares in time. In any event, the depositary will not exercise any discretion in voting deposited securities and it will only vote or attempt to vote as instructed or as described in the following sentence. If we asked the depositary to solicit voting instructions at least 30 days before the meeting date but the depositary does not receive voting instructions from an ADS holder by the specified date, this will be considered authorization and direction to give a discretionary proxy to a person designated by us to vote that number of deposited securities. The depositary will give a discretionary proxy in those circumstances to vote on all questions at to be voted upon unless we notify the depositary that 
 we do not wish to receive a discretionary proxy 
 there is substantial shareholder opposition to the particular question or 
 the particular question would have an adverse impact on our shareholders. 
 We are required to notify the depositary if one of the conditions specified above exists. 
 We cannot assure that ADS holders will receive the voting materials in time to ensure that they can instruct the depositary to vote their shares. In addition, the depositary and its agents are not responsible for failing to carry out voting instructions or for the manner of carrying out voting instructions. 
 In order to give you a reasonable opportunity to instruct the depositary as to the exercise of voting rights relating to Deposited Securities, if we request the Depositary to act, we agree to give the depositary notice of any such meeting and details concerning the matters to be voted upon at least 30 days in advance of the meeting date. 
 Fees and Expenses 
 14 

Persons depositing or withdrawing shares or ADS holders must pay 
 For 
 5.00 (or less) per 100 ADSs (or portion of 100 ADSs) Issuance of ADSs, including issuances resulting from a distribution of shares or rights or other property Cancellation of ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal, including if the deposit agreement terminates .05 (or less) per ADS Any cash distribution to ADS holders A fee equivalent to the fee that would be payable if securities distributed to you had been shares and the shares had been deposited for issuance of ADSs Distribution of securities distributed to holders of deposited securities (including rights) that are distributed by the depositary to ADS holders .05 (or less) per ADS per calendar year Depositary services Registration or transfer fees Transfer and registration of shares on our share register to or from the name of the depositary or its agent when you deposit or withdraw shares Expenses of the depositary Cable, telex and facsimile transmissions (when expressly provided in the deposit agreement) converting foreign currency to U.S. dollars Taxes and other governmental charges the depositary or the custodian has to pay on any ADSs or shares underlying ADSs, such as stock transfer taxes, stamp duty or withholding taxes As necessary Any charges incurred by the depositary or its agents for servicing the deposited securities As necessary 
 
 The depositary collects its fees for delivery and surrender of ADSs directly from investors depositing shares or surrendering ADSs for the purpose of withdrawal or from intermediaries acting for them. The depositary collects fees for making distributions to investors by deducting those fees from the amounts distributed or by selling a portion of distributable property to pay the fees. The depositary may collect its annual fee for depositary services by deduction from cash distributions or by directly billing investors or by charging the book-entry system accounts of participants acting for them. The depositary may collect any of its fees by deduction from any cash distribution payable (or by selling a portion of securities or other property distributable) to ADS holders that are obligated to pay those fees. The depositary may generally refuse to provide fee-attracting services until its fees for those services are paid. 
 From time to time, the depositary may make payments to us to reimburse us for costs and expenses generally arising out of establishment and maintenance of the ADS program, waive fees and expenses for services provided to us by the depositary or share revenue from the fees collected from ADS holders. In performing its duties under the deposit agreement, the depositary may use brokers, dealers, foreign currency dealers or other service providers that are owned by or affiliated with the depositary and that may earn or share fees, spreads or commissions. 
 The depositary may convert currency itself or through any of its affiliates and, in those cases, acts as principal for its own account and not as agent, advisor, broker or fiduciary on behalf of any other person and earns revenue, including, without limitation, transaction spreads, that it will retain for its own account. The revenue is based on, among other things, the difference between the exchange rate assigned to the currency conversion made under the deposit agreement and the rate that the depositary or its affiliate receives when buying or selling foreign currency for its own account. The depositary makes no representation that the 
 15 

exchange rate used or obtained in any currency conversion under the deposit agreement will be the most favorable rate that could be obtained at the time or that the method by which that rate will be determined will be the most favorable to ADS holders, subject to the depositary s obligations under the deposit agreement. The methodology used to determine exchange rates used in currency conversions is available upon request. 
 Payment of Taxes 
 ADS holders are responsible for any taxes or other governmental charges payable on their ADSs or on the deposited securities represented by any of their ADSs. The depositary may refuse to register any transfer of ADSs or withdrawal requests of the deposited securities represented by ADSs until those taxes or other charges are paid. It may apply payments owed to the ADS holder or sell deposited securities represented by the holder s ADSs to pay any taxes owed and the holder will remain liable for any deficiency. If the depositary sells deposited securities, it will, if appropriate, reduce the number of ADSs to reflect the sale and pay to ADS holders any proceeds, or send to ADS holders any property, remaining after it has paid the taxes. 
 Tender and Exchange Offers Redemption, Replacement or Cancellation of Deposited Securities 
 The depositary will not tender deposited securities in any voluntary tender or exchange offer unless instructed to do by an ADS holder surrendering ADSs and subject to any conditions or procedures the depositary may establish. 
 If deposited securities are redeemed for cash in a transaction that is mandatory for the depositary as a holder of deposited securities, the depositary will call for surrender of a corresponding number of ADSs and distribute the net redemption money to the holders of called ADSs upon surrender of those ADSs. 
 If there is any change in the deposited securities such as a sub-division, combination or other reclassification, or any merger, consolidation, recapitalization or reorganization affecting the issuer of deposited securities in which the depositary receives new securities in exchange for or in lieu of the old deposited securities, the depositary will hold those replacement securities as deposited securities under the deposit agreement. However, if the depositary decides it would not be lawful and to hold the replacement securities because those securities could not be distributed to ADS holders or for any other reason, the depositary may instead sell the replacement securities and distribute the net proceeds upon surrender of the ADSs. 
 If there is a replacement of the deposited securities and the depositary will continue to hold the replacement securities, the depositary may distribute new ADSs representing the new deposited securities or request the surrender of outstanding ADRs in exchange for new ADRs identifying the new deposited securities. 
 If there are no deposited securities underlying ADSs, including if the deposited securities are cancelled, or if the deposited securities underlying ADSs have become apparently worthless, the depositary may call for surrender or of those ADSs or cancel those ADSs upon notice to the ADS holders. 
 Amendment and Termination 
 We may agree with the depositary to amend the deposit agreement and the ADRs without ADS holders consent for any reason. If an amendment adds or increases fees or charges, except for taxes and other governmental charges or expenses of the depositary for registration fees, facsimile costs, delivery charges or similar items, or prejudices a substantial right of ADS holders, it will not become effective for outstanding ADSs until 30 days after the depositary notifies ADS holders of the amendment. At the time an amendment becomes effective, ADS holders, by continuing to hold ADSs, are considered to agree to the amendment and to be bound by the ADRs and the deposit agreement as amended . 
 The depositary will initiate termination of the deposit agreement if we instruct it to do so. The depositary may initiate termination of the deposit agreement if 
 60 days have passed since the depositary told us it wants to resign but a successor depositary has not been appointed and accepted its appointment 
 we delist the ADSs from an exchange on which they were listed and do not list the ADSs on another exchange 
 we appear to be insolvent or enter insolvency proceedings 
 all or substantially all the value of the deposited securities has been distributed either in cash or in the form of securities 
 there are no deposited securities underlying the ADSs or the underlying deposited securities have become apparently worthless or 
 there has been a replacement of deposited securities. 
 16 

If the deposit agreement will terminate, the depositary will notify ADS holders at least 90 days before the termination date. At any time after the termination date, the depositary may sell the deposited securities. After that, the depositary will hold the money it received on the sale, as well as any other cash it is holding under the deposit agreement, unsegregated and without liability for interest, for the pro rata benefit of the ADS holders that have not surrendered their ADSs. Normally, the depositary will sell as soon as practicable after the termination date. 
 After the termination date and before the depositary sells, ADS holders can still surrender their ADSs and receive delivery of deposited securities, except that the depositary may refuse to accept a surrender for the purpose of withdrawing deposited securities if it would interfere with the selling process. The depositary may refuse to accept a surrender for the purpose of withdrawing sale proceeds until all the deposited securities have been sold. The depositary will continue to collect distributions on deposited securities, but , after the termination date, the depositary is not required to register any transfer of ADSs or distribute any dividends or other distributions on deposited securities to the ADSs holder (until they surrender their ADSs) or give any notices or perform any other duties under the deposit agreement except as described in this paragraph. 
 Limitations on Obligations and Liability 
 Limits on our Obligations and the Obligations of the Depositary Limits on Liability to Holders of ADSs 
 The deposit agreement expressly limits our obligations and the obligations of the depositary. It also limits our liability and the liability of the depositary. We and the depositary 
 are only obligated to take the actions specifically set forth in the deposit agreement without negligence or bad faith 
 are not liable if we are or it is prevented or delayed by law or circumstances beyond our or its control from performing our or its obligations under the deposit agreement 
 are not liable if we or it exercises discretion permitted under the deposit agreement 
 are not liable for the inability of any holder of ADSs to benefit from any distribution on deposited securities that is not made available to holders of ADSs under the terms of the deposit agreement, or for any special, consequential or punitive damages for any breach of the terms of the deposit agreement 
 have no obligation to become involved in a lawsuit or other proceeding related to the ADSs or the deposit agreement on the ADS holder s behalf or on behalf of any other person 
 the depositary has no duty to make any determination or provide any information as to our tax status, or any liability for any tax consequences that may be incurred by ADS holders as a result of owning or holding ADSs 
 are not liable for the acts or omissions of any securities depository, clearing agency or settlement system and 
 may rely upon any documents we believe or it believes in good faith to be genuine and to have been signed or presented by the proper person. 
 In the deposit agreement, we and the depositary agree to indemnify each other under certain circumstances. 
 Requirements for Depositary Actions 
 Before the depositary will deliver or register a transfer of ADSs, make a distribution on ADSs, or permit withdrawal of shares, the depositary may require 
 payment of stock transfer or other taxes or other governmental charges and transfer or registration fees charged by third parties for the transfer of any shares or other deposited securities 
 satisfactory proof of the identity and genuineness of any signature or other information it deems necessary and 
 compliance with regulations it may establish, from time to time, consistent with the deposit agreement, including presentation of transfer documents. 
 The depositary may refuse to deliver ADSs or register transfers of ADSs when the transfer books of the depositary or our transfer books are closed or at any time if the depositary or we think it advisable to do so. 
 Right to Receive the Shares Underlying ADSs 
 ADS holders have the right to cancel their ADSs and withdraw the underlying shares at any time except 
 17 

when temporary delays arise because (i) the depositary has closed its transfer books or we have closed our transfer books (ii) the transfer of shares is blocked to permit voting at a shareholders meeting or (iii) we are paying a dividend on our shares 
 when the ADS holder owes money to pay fees, taxes and similar charges or 
 when it is necessary to prohibit withdrawals in order to comply with any laws or governmental regulations that apply to ADSs or to the withdrawal of shares or other deposited securities. 
 This right of withdrawal may not be limited by any other provision of the deposit agreement. 
 Direct Registration System 
 In the deposit agreement, all parties to the deposit agreement acknowledge that the Direct Registration System, also referred to as DRS, and Profile Modification System, also referred to as Profile, will apply to the ADSs. DRS is a system administered by DTC that facilitates interchange between registered holding of uncertificated ADSs and holding of security entitlements in ADSs through DTC and a DTC participant. Profile is a feature of DRS that allows a DTC participant, claiming to act on behalf of a registered holder of uncertificated ADSs, to direct the depositary to register a transfer of those ADSs to DTC or its nominee and to deliver those ADSs to the DTC account of that DTC participant without receipt by the depositary of prior authorization from the ADS holder to register that transfer. 
 In connection with and in accordance with the arrangements and procedures relating to DRS Profile, the parties to the deposit agreement understand that the depositary will not determine whether the DTC participant that is claiming to be acting on behalf of an ADS holder in requesting registration of transfer and delivery as described in the paragraph above has the actual authority to act on behalf of the ADS holder (notwithstanding any requirements under the Uniform Commercial Code). In the deposit agreement, the parties agree that the depositary s reliance on and compliance with instructions received by the depositary through the DRS Profile system and in accordance with the deposit agreement will not constitute negligence or bad faith on the part of the depositary. 
 Shareholder communications inspection of register of holders of ADSs 
 The depositary will make available for inspection at its office all communications that it receives from us as a holder of deposited securities that we make generally available to holders of deposited securities. The depositary will send copies of those communications or otherwise make those communications available to ADS holders if we ask it to. ADS holders have a right to inspect the register of holders of ADSs, but not for the purpose of contacting those holders about a matter unrelated to our business or the ADSs. 
 Jury Trial Waiver 
 The deposit agreement provides that, to the extent permitted by law, ADS holders waive the right to a jury trial of any claim they may have against us or the depositary arising out of or relating to our shares, the ADSs or the deposit agreement, including any claim under the U.S. federal securities laws. If we or the depositary opposed a jury trial demand based on the waiver, the court would determine whether the waiver was enforceable in the facts and circumstances of that case in accordance with applicable case law. 
 ADS holders will not, by agreeing to the terms of the deposit agreement, be deemed to have waived our or the depositary s compliance with U.S. Securities Act of 1933 or the rules and regulations promulgated thereunder. 
 
 18 

</EX-4.6>

<EX-10.21>
 3
 a123122ex-1021.htm
 EX-10.21

Document 
 Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT 
 BETWEEN 
 FLAMEL IRELAND LIMITED 
 AND 
 RECIPHARM PESSAC S.A.S. 
 DATED 1 OCTOBER 2022 
 
 Page 1 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT 
 THIS MANUFACTURING AGREEMENT (this Agreement dated as of 1 October 2022 Effective Date is hereby made by and between Flamel Ireland Limited, a company duly organized and existing under the laws of Ireland, having its registered office at 10 Earlsfort Terrace, Dublin 2, D02T380 IRELAND AVADEL and Recipharm Pessac, a French Soci t par Actions Simplifi e with the registered number 807 679 386 and having its principal place of business at 11 avenue Gustave Eiffel, 33600 Pessac, FRANCE RPC ). 
 PRELIMINARY STATEMENTS 
 WHEREAS , AVADEL is in the business of developing, manufacturing, marketing and or selling certain pharmaceutical products, including without limitation, the Product (as defined below) and 
 WHEREAS , RPC provides development, manufacturing, analytical and other services to the pharmaceutical industry and has the requisite good manufacturing practices expertise, financial assets, personnel and facilities to enable it to manufacture and supply the Product and 
 WHEREAS , AVADEL and RPC wish to enter into an arrangement wherein RPC shall manufacture, package and perform quality control of Product for AVADEL in accordance with the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement AVADEL will conduct market release of secondarily packaged Product for sale in the United States and 
 NOW , THEREFORE , in consideration of the foregoing Preliminary Statements and the mutual covenants and promises set forth herein, the Parties hereby agree as follows 
 1. DEFINITIONS . 
 As used in this Agreement, the following terms shall have the respective meanings set forth in this Section 1 . 
 Adverse Event shall have the meaning assigned in Section 8.6(b) . 
 Affiliate when used with reference to any Party (as defined below), means any Person (as defined below) controlling, controlled by, or under common control with, such Party. For these purposes, control shall refer to (i) the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ownership of voting securities, by contract or otherwise or (ii) the ownership, directly or indirectly, of at least 50 of the voting securities or other ownership interest of a Person. 
 Agreement shall have the meaning assigned in the Preamble. 
 AVADEL shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 
 Avadel Intellectual Property shall mean any and all intellectual property, including, without limitation, inventions (including, but not limited to, Improvements), patents, patent applications, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and know-how owned by, licensed to (with rights to sublicense), or acquired by, AVADEL relating to or necessary for the production of oxybate products, including the Product. 
 Avadel Material shall mean the active pharmaceutical ingredient and the foils for use in packaging that AVADEL shall supply to RPC to enable RPC to manufacture and supply Product. 
 Avadel Material Specifications means the specifications for the Avadel Materials for the Product, as may be amended in writing from time to time by AVADEL upon the written consent of RPC, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld. 
 Page 2 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 Average Unit Purchase Price means the sum of the prevailing Purchase Price set forth on Schedule 1 of this Agreement (consisting of the added prices of one 4.5 g unit, one 6 g unit, one 7.5g unit and one 9 g unit) divided by four. 
 cGMP means the current Good Manufacturing Practices for medicinal products corresponding to the applicable geography in which the Product is to be sold. 
 Certificate of Destruction means a certificate evidencing RPC s destruction of the Avadel Materials, Intermediate, work in progress, Product, packaging and or labeling, which RPC shall provide to AVADEL upon AVADEL s request. 
 Change means any change that may impact the registration or filing of the Product, including but not limited to changes in the Process (as defined below), packaging components, analytical specifications or methods, Product Specifications (as defined below), Testing Specifications (as defined below), Production Facility (as defined below), equipment, storage, raw materials or components. 
 Confidential Information shall have the meaning assigned in Section 12.1 . 
 Contract Year means, for the initial Contract Year, the period beginning on the Effective Date and ending on December 31 st of such year, and, for each subsequent Contract Year during the term, the period beginning January 1 st of a given year and ending on December 31 st of such given year. 
 Defaulting Party shall have the meaning assigned in Section 14.2 . 
 Effective Date shall mean the date set forth in the Preamble. 
 EHS shall have the meaning assigned in Section 6 . 
 
 FDA means the Food and Drug Administration of the United States, the governmental agency thereto having regulatory jurisdiction over the manufacturing, distribution and sale of drugs in the United States. 
 Firm Order shall have the meaning assigned in Section 4.1(a) . 
 Forecast shall have the meaning assigned in Section 4.1 . 
 Governmental Authority means any (i) national, state, provincial, local or any foreign or supranational government (ii) governmental, regulatory or administrative authority, agency or commission or (iii) any court, tribunal or judicial or arbitral body. 
 Improvement means any change, improvement, modification or development to (i) the Product (ii) the Product Specifications or (iii) the Process. 
 Inability to Supply shall have the meaning assigned in Section 5.5(c) . 
 Indemnitee shall have the meaning assigned in Section 11.4 . 
 Intermediate means immediate release IR and or controlled release CR beads produced by RPC in accordance with the Production Standards set forth in Section 5.2 . 
 Initial Term shall have the meaning assigned in Section 14.1 . 
 Latent Defect(s) means, with respect to any Product supplied by RPC under this Agreement, a defect or defects in the Product that existed at the time of delivery to AVADEL but could not be 
 Page 3 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 reasonably detected when the Product was tested in accordance with the Testing Specifications, or not detected when received and inspected at AVADEL distribution centers. 
 Materials means the Avadel Materials and the Other Materials required for the manufacture of the Product. 
 Minimum Annual Quantity shall mean individual stick packs of Product per Contract Year for the initial Contract Year and for the 2023 Contract Year, and, for the 2024 Contract Year and each Contract Year thereafter during the Term, shall mean individual stick packs of Product per Contract Year. 
 Minimum Order Quantity shall mean the quantity of Product to be ordered by AVADEL which is the as defined in Schedule 1 . 
 Non-Conforming Product shall have the meaning assigned in Section 5.11(a) . 
 Non-Defaulting Party shall have the meaning assigned in Section 14.2(a) . 
 Other Materials shall mean all materials (other than the Avadel Materials) required for the production of Product which shall be purchased by RPC for the account, and at the sole cost and expense of RPC. This includes, for example, all excipients, and packaging components except for the . 
 Other Material Specifications means the specifications for the excipients, components and packaging for the Product, as may be amended by written agreement of the Parties. 
 Party means AVADEL or RPC, and when used the plural, means AVADEL and RPC, collectively. 
 Person means any natural person, corporation, firm, business trust, joint venture, association, organization, company, partnership or other business entity, or any government or any agency or political subdivision thereof. 
 Process means the process by which RPC shall manufacture the Product for AVADEL in accordance with the Production Standards and pursuant to this Agreement, as may be amended by written agreement by the Parties from time to time. A description of the Process, as contemplated as of the Effective Dates is set forth in Schedule 3 of this Agreement. 
 Product means the product identified on Schedule 1 to be manufactured and supplied by RPC for AVADEL in accordance with the Productions Standards pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Product Specifications means the handling, composition, quality, production, packaging, storage and shipping procedures and specifications regarding the Product to be supplied by RPC pursuant to this Agreement, as may be amended from time to time by written agreement of the Parties. The initial Product Specifications are included in this Agreement as Schedule 2 . 
 Production Facility means the RPC s facility or facilities where the Product is to be manufactured located at 11 avenue Gustave Eiffel, 33600 Pessac, FRANCE. 
 Production Facility Capacity means the amount of Product that can be reasonably manufactured by RPC at the Production Facility according to the Process in an applicable Contract Year. Under no circumstances shall the Production Facility Capacity be less than individual stick packs of Product per Contract Year. 
 Production Standards shall have the meaning assigned in Section 5.2 . 
 Purchase Order or Order shall have the meaning assigned in Section 4.2(a) . 
 Page 4 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 Purchase Price means the price described in Section 9 and set forth on Schedule 1 to be charged by RPC for sale of the corresponding quantity of Product to AVADEL pursuant to this Agreement. 
 Quality Agreement shall have the meaning assigned in Section 7.1 . 
 Quantity Statement shall have the meaning assigned in Section 3.1 . 
 Quarter or Quarterly means a quarterly accounting period ending on March 31, June 30, September 30 and December 31 of each calendar year provided , however , that an appropriate adjustment be made in respect of the first and or final Quarter in the event that such period is less than a full calendar quarter. 
 Renewal Term shall have the meaning assigned in Section 14.1 . 
 RPC shall have the meaning set forth in the Preamble. 
 RPC Intellectual Property shall mean any and all intellectual property, including, without limitation, inventions, patents, patent applications, copyrights, trademarks, trade secrets, and know-how owned by, licensed to (with rights to sublicense), or acquired by, RPC that relates to developing, formulating, manufacturing, filling, processing, packaging, analyzing or testing pharmaceutical products generally. 
 Term shall have the meaning set forth in Section 14.1 . 
 Termination Date shall have the meaning assigned in Section 14.5 . 
 Testing Specifications means the corresponding testing procedures and testing specifications with respect to each of the Product, Avadel Material, and Other Material (as may be amended by written agreement of the Parties from time to time) utilized to ensure the Product, Avadel Material, and Other Material comply with the respective Product Specifications, Avadel Material Specifications, and Other Material Specifications. 
 Third Party means a Person that is neither a Party nor an Affiliate of a Party. 
 2. APPOINTMENT AND ACCEPTANCE . 
 2.1 Pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, AVADEL hereby appoints RPC as its non-exclusive commercial manufacturer for supply of the Product. RPC hereby accepts such appointment and agrees to carry out its obligations to AVADEL pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. The Parties acknowledge and agree that AVADEL s outstanding Orders for the Product submitted to RPC prior to the Effective Date and RPC s activities relating to the manufacture and supply of such Product prior to the Effective Date shall be handled in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 2.2 Minimum Annual Quantity . Subject to Section 2.3 below, AVADEL shall place a sufficient quantity of Purchase Orders such that at least the Minimum Annual Quantity of Product is delivered to AVADEL each Contract Year, and each such Purchase Order shall be for batches of at least the Minimum Order Quantity. 
 2.3 If during any given Contract Year, the total amount of Product purchased by AVADEL to be delivered within that Contract Year is less than the Minimum Annual Quantity, then, RPC may require AVADEL to pay of the Average Unit Purchase Price multiplied by the difference between the actual quantity of the Product purchased and the Minimum Annual Quantity. 
 2.4 The Product volumes set forth in all Orders accepted in accordance with Section 4.3 below shall count toward the Minimum Annual Quantity in the Contract Year in which such Product was 
 Page 5 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 supposed to be delivered regardless of whether RPC is able to manufacture and supply such Product provided that Avadel has delivered the Avadel Materials in accordance with Section 3 below. 
 3. PROVISION OF AVADEL MATERIAL . 
 3.1 Supply of Avadel Material . AVADEL, at no cost to RPC, shall deliver to RPC, quantities of Avadel Material, in accordance with the forecast provided by AVADEL pursuant to this Agreement, for the production of the Product ordered by AVADEL. Each shipment of Avadel Material, accompanied by the appropriate certificate of analysis or certificate of analysis and conformity for the foils from the manufacturer and a statement of the amount of Avadel Material being delivered (the Quantity Statement shall be delivered to RPC at least before the scheduled production date mutually agreed upon by the Parties. All Avadel Material provided by AVADEL hereunder shall conform to the Avadel Material Specifications. 
 3.2 Protocol for Receipt and Rejection of Avadel Material . 
 (a) RPC shall perform quality control testing of each batch of Avadel Material delivered by AVADEL pursuant to Section 3.1 in accordance with the Testing Specifications then in effect, to confirm (i) that each batch of Avadel Material delivered by AVADEL conforms with the then current Avadel Material Specifications and is within an acceptable range of conformity with the applicable certificate of analysis or certificate of analysis and conformity for the foils, which range the Parties shall agree upon and may agree to modify from time to time and (ii) the quantity of such batch. 
 (b) Subject to Section 3.2(c) , within after RPC s receipt of each batch of Avadel Material, RPC shall provide AVADEL with written notification as to whether such batch corresponds to (i) the Avadel Material Specifications to be used to produce the Product (ii) the Quantity Statement and (iii) the applicable certificate of analysis. RPC s failure to provide notice in a timely manner with respect to any batch of Avadel Material shall be deemed an acknowledgement by RPC that the Avadel Material and the quantity is as stated by AVADEL in its delivery documents. 
 (c) In the event that RPC determines that any batch of Avadel Material does not conform with the Avadel Material Specifications or the applicable certificate of analysis or certificate of analysis and conformity for the foils or the Quantity Statement, RPC shall notify AVADEL thereof immediately after such determination after RPC s receipt of such batch and shall not use such batch of Avadel Material for the production of the Product until the conformity of such batch is established or negated as set forth in this Section 3.2(c) . AVADEL, together with any Third-Party manufacturer that supplied AVADEL with the batch of Avadel Material in question, shall have the right to examine and test any batch of Avadel Material that RPC claims to be non-conforming. Notwithstanding Section 17.15 in the event the Parties cannot agree as to whether any batch of Avadel Material conforms with the Avadel Material Specifications or the applicable certificate of analysis, the Parties shall designate an independent testing laboratory to determine same with agreed methods, the findings of which shall be binding on the Parties, absent manifest error. Expenses of such laboratory shall be borne by the Party adversely affected by such findings and to the extent each Party is adversely affected, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith the appropriate allocation of such expenses. In the event that any such batch of Avadel Material is ultimately agreed or found not to conform with the Avadel Material Specifications or the applicable certificate of analysis, AVADEL shall, at its option, re-work or replace (or have re-worked or replaced) such batch at , including charges incurred by RPC for shipping and or storage, and RPC shall be excused for any production delay generated by the issue only to the extent and duration of such delay caused by such nonconformance provided , however , that if AVADEL does not arrange for such re-working or replacement, RPC shall be excused from its obligation to produce that quantity of the Product ordered by AVADEL that would have been produced from such rejected batch of Avadel Material. At AVADEL s discretion cost and expense, RPC shall deliver to AVADEL (or its designee), or destroy, any rejected batch of Avadel Material. 
 3.3 Ownership . 
 Page 6 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 (a) AVADEL shall retain all right, title and interest in and to any Avadel Material delivered to RPC pursuant to this Agreement, including Avadel Material and foil sachets included in any work in progress and the Product. 
 (b) All Other Materials required for the production of the Product shall be purchased by RPC for the account, and at the sole cost and expense of RPC. Prior to use, RPC shall ensure that the Other Materials comply with the Other Material Specifications and that the Other Material is purchased from only those Third Party manufacturers that have been approved in writing by AVADEL. 
 3.4 Risk of Loss . Subject to Section 5.3(c)-(d) below regarding loss of Avadel Material in production and subject to Section 11.7 , in the event of any loss of or damage to any Avadel Material while RPC has custody and control over same that results from RPC s gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct or RPC s failure to handle or store such Avadel Material in accordance with Avadel Material Specifications, RPC shall indemnify AVADEL for the replacement cost of such Avadel Material. RPC s liability under this Section 3.4 for loss or damage to Avadel Material shall commence upon RPC s receipt of such Avadel Material and end upon commencement of the Product manufacturing Process. 
 4. FORECASTS ORDERS . 
 4.1 Forecasts . Within thirty of the Effective Date and thereafter monthly during the Term, AVADEL shall submit to RPC in good faith, an estimated rolling forecast of the quantity of Product AVADEL expects to order (each such forecast, a Forecast ). The Forecast shall not exceed the Production Facility Capacity and shall identify 
 (a) for the first , requirements which shall constitute Firm Orders and which may not be varied or cancelled by AVADEL Firm Order and 
 (b) for the months , requirements which shall be forecast requirements but whose quantities for any particular month shall not be varied by AVADEL by more than plus or in the next Forecast unless agreed otherwise by RPC. 
 Orders shall be promptly accepted by RPC, except if any given Order exceeds most recent Forecasts by or the Production Facility Capacity, then RPC shall promptly notify AVADEL if RPC is reasonably unable to supply the additional ordered quantity. 
 4.2 Orders . 
 (a) On or before the first day of each calendar month, AVADEL shall submit a purchase order for that portion that corresponds to the current firm order period of the latest Forecast (the Purchase Order or Order ). AVADEL shall submit each Purchase Order to RPC at least prior to the requested delivery date of the Product, taking into account the fact that the first of the Forecast are binding for AVADEL. 
 (b) All Purchase Orders shall specify the quantity and type of Product ordered, the destination to which the Product is to be delivered, and the time and manner of delivery. While the equivalent in Intermediate quantity at the stage of blend ordered by AVADEL cannot be changed once a Purchase Order is submitted to RPC, the type (i.e., strength, such as 6.0 g or 7.5 g) of such ordered Product may be revised by Avadel at least prior to the manufacture of such Product by RPC to enable AVADEL to adjust for inventory and market demands, and given that AVADEL has provided enough Avadel Material to enable RECIPHARM to manage this product mix change. 
 4.3 Acceptance of Purchase Order . RPC shall indicate its acceptance of AVADEL Purchase Orders for the Product by promptly acknowledging acceptance of each Purchase Order in writing within of its receipt. In the event RPC does not acknowledge acceptance of a Purchase Order within , the Purchase Order shall be deemed accepted. Within such acceptance period, RPC may choose to reject the Purchase Order if it sets forth a production and delivery schedule that is inconsistent with Section 4.1 or is not in line with the Production Facility Capacity or the Forecast. In accordance with the 
 Page 7 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 Minimum Annual Quantity requirements of Section 2.2 above, RPC agrees that RPC will accept Purchase Orders from AVADEL each Contract Year for at least the Minimum Annual Quantity. In addition, the Parties agree that purchase orders issued by AVADEL in calendar year 2022 prior to the Effective Date shall be considered Purchase Orders governed by the terms of this Agreement. 
 4.4 Delivery Invoicing Payment . 
 (a) All Product shall be packaged as instructed by AVADEL and shall be accompanied by the appropriate documentation as defined in the Quality Agreement as well as appropriate customs documentation. All Product containers shall be appropriately labeled with the name and presentation of the Product, traceable batch number, date of manufacturing, date of expiration, quantity of Product and storage conditions. All shipments shall be appropriately labeled with the name and presentation of the Product, traceable batch number, date of manufacturing, quantity of Product containers and storage conditions. The packing slip for the Product shall also contain item number, quantity of Product, shipment date, and ship to address as specified by AVADEL. RPC shall deliver each shipment of Product, Pessac France. The title to the Product (except Avadel Materials) and risk of loss to Product shall pass to AVADEL upon delivery of the Product in accordance the agreed INCOTERMS. Subject to Section 4.4(d) , RPC shall invoice AVADEL at the time of shipment of the Product delivered in accordance with this Section 4.4(a) . Each such invoice shall include the invoice number, unit price, and total price of the Products contained in the shipment in question and shall also contain a statement that the shipping cost shall be borne by AVADEL as well as the information contained on the packing slip with each shipment as set forth in this Section 4.4(a) . Furthermore, any such invoice should include the lot number and quantity of Avadel Material used to manufacture the Product. 
 (b) AVADEL shall pay all undisputed invoices net of the date of AVADEL receipt of the invoice. RPC shall invoice upon delivery of the Product, and all invoices shall be sent electronically by RPC to . Any invoice (including the underlying expenses set forth in same) not sent within of the corresponding shipment shall be null and void. If the undisputed invoice is not paid within the timeframe, interest shall be charged to AVADEL at the lesser of i) on an annualized basis, above the Barclays Bank plc base rate from time to time, computed from the payment due date as indicated in the applicable invoice and until complete payment is received, or ii) the maximum amount allowed by applicable law. All invoices and payments required to be paid hereunder shall be in Euro, and all such payments shall be made electronically in immediately available funds to an account designated by RPC, unless the Parties agree to settle such payments through other means. 
 (c) In addition to AVADEL rights under this Section 4.4 , AVADEL or its designee shall confirm the quantity of the Product contained in any shipment. In the event the quantity of the Product shipped is greater or less than the quantity reflected in RPC s invoice for such shipment, then within after AVADEL or its designee s receipt of such shipment AVADEL shall notify RPC concerning such overage or shortage, and, unless RPC disputes such notice, the amount of such invoice automatically shall be increased or reduced, as the case may be, to reflect the actual quantity of the Product contained in such shipment. In the event AVADEL has already overpaid such invoice, any amount of overpayment shall be reimbursed or credited to AVADEL at AVADEL s election, within of notice of occurrence. 
 (d) AVADEL shall have the right to withhold payment of the portion of any invoice that is in bona fide dispute under this Section 4.4 until such dispute has been resolved. 
 (e) The Parties acknowledge that capital improvements may be required in the future at the Production Facility in order to enable RPC to continue manufacturing Product under this Agreement. In the event such capital improvements are indeed required, the Parties will work in good faith to identify and agree upon the extent of such improvements. 
 5. PRODUCTION OF PRODUCT . 
 5.1 Storage and Handling . RPC shall store and handle the Product in accordance with the Product Specifications and the Quality Agreement. 
 Page 8 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 5.2 Production Standards . RPC shall produce the Product and Intermediate thereof in conformity with the Process, cGMP, all applicable laws, the Quality Agreement, the Product Specifications and Testing Specifications (collectively, the Production Standards ). 
 5.3 Materials Inventories Yield . 
 (a) All Other Materials shall be purchased by RPC for the account and at the sole cost and expense of RPC and prior to use, RPC shall ensure that all Other Materials conform with the Other Material Specifications. 
 (b) In addition to any records required to be maintained by applicable law, within of the end of a month, RPC shall provide monthly reports to AVADEL in such form as AVADEL shall specify, and shall maintain accurate books and records of account, indicating opening and closing inventories of all work-in-progress (broken down into material balances for Avadel Material and finished Product) for the preceding month and also indicating for such month all quantities of the Product manufactured and quantities of the Product delivered for the account of AVADEL. All such books and records of account shall be maintained during the Term and for a period of thereafter and shall be made available for review upon request by AVADEL. 
 (c) Based on the average yield rate during the first Contract Year and allowing for a margin for error, the Parties shall establish a minimum yield rate (the Minimum Yield Rate for specific items of the Avadel Material required to produce the Product which shall thereafter be compared to the actual yield rate Actual Yield Rate ). The Minimum Yield Rate and Actual Yield Rate shall be reconciled on an annual basis using data from commercial batch production and shall factor in losses of Avadel Material during the production of the Product but shall not factor in damages or losses to Avadel Material not in the production of the Product (e.g., damage, theft, etc.). RPC shall use commercially reasonable efforts to achieve an Actual Yield Rate that is higher than the Minimum Yield Rate in connection with all Avadel Material Processed during each Contract Year. 
 (d) If RPC s Actual Yield Rate for producing Product for any consecutive period during the Term of this Agreement is below the Minimum Yield Rate for producing Product, then RPC shall reimburse AVADEL for the difference between the value of the Avadel Materials (i) in the quantities of Product that should have been produced if the Minimum Yield Rate had been achieved and (ii) in the actual quantities of Product that RPC produced and provided to AVADEL. Note, RPC will not be liable to reimburse AVADEL where the reasons for the shortfall in yield are attributable to AVADEL, Avadel Material or are due to reason which are not reasonably within RPC s control. RPC shall either pay such reimbursement to AVADEL, or issue AVADEL a trade credit therefore, as the Parties may agree. Furthermore, both Parties agree to discuss the reasons for any shortfall and agree actions to address the issues arising. Upon reasonable notice, and not more than once every , an AVADEL representative will have the right to conduct a physical inventory reconciliation of all Avadel Material, Intermediate, Product and work-in-progress at RPC s Production Facility solely for the purpose of reconciling active pharmaceutical ingredient quantities and usage for controlled substance compliance purposes however, RPC shall certify to AVADEL, quarterly, the inventory levels of such Avadel Material, Intermediate, Product and work-in-progress at RPC s Production Facility. 
 5.4 Shortage of Supply . RPC shall notify AVADEL immediately upon becoming aware of an event of force majeure under Section 15 or any other event that would render RPC unable to supply the quantity of the Product to AVADEL that RPC is required to supply hereunder. In such event, RPC shall implement all reasonable measures to remedy such shortage. 
 5.5 Inability to Supply . 
 (a) To the extent that RPC fails to deliver the Product in accordance with AVADEL s Purchase Order, RPC shall use its best efforts to make up such Purchase Order during the next manufacturing cycle. 
 (b) In the event of an Inability to Supply (as defined in Section 5.5(c) ), RPC agrees to meet with AVADEL as reasonably requested by AVADEL to discuss options to resolve the Inability to Supply 
 Page 9 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 (defined below) and or to minimize the impact of the Inability to Supply to AVADEL. In any case, RPC shall cooperate with AVADEL in taking all actions that the Parties deem reasonably necessary in order to remedy such Inability to Supply. In the event of events of an Inability to Supply occur within any consecutive period, RPC agrees to reimburse AVADEL for of the invoiced price for such Orders which are subject to the event of an Inability to Supply. 
 (c) An Inability to Supply means RPC s failure for reasons within its control, to supply AVADEL with at least of the full quantity of Product ordered by AVADEL pursuant to Section 4.2 and accepted by RPC pursuant to Section 4.3 . 
 5.6 Status Meetings . Quarterly or on an as needed basis, the Parties shall meet, at such times and in such places as the Parties shall deem appropriate, to discuss technical developments and potential Improvements with respect to the Process and the Product. 
 5.7 Product Improvements . From time to time during the Term, either Party may submit to the other written proposals for the adoption, implementation or development of any change, improvement, modification, or development of any Improvement to the Product. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such Improvement to the Product shall be subject to the agreed upon change control requirements as set forth in the Quality Agreement. All Improvements to the Product shall be owned exclusively by AVADEL. 
 5.8 Process Improvements . To ensure that the quality of the Product is not altered, RPC agrees that no Improvement to the Process shall be made without the prior written notification to and written approval of AVADEL and the allocation of costs and expenses for any such Improvement to the Process shall be discussed and agreed by the Parties. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such Improvement to the Process shall be subject to the agreed upon change control requirements as set forth in the Quality Agreement. All Improvements to the Process shall be owned exclusively by AVADEL provided that RPC shall have a royalty free, worldwide, non-exclusive license to use any such Process Improvements to the extent not inconsistent with Section 12 (Confidentiality) or Section 16 (Intellectual Property) of this Agreement. 
 5.9 Ongoing Productivity Efforts . 
 (a) RPC will help generate and implement ideas to reduce annual costs and mitigate market increases, such as improvements in quality, service, yields, price, freight, packaging, or component costs, consumption or inventory reduction. Any such reduction in annual costs or improvements shall be discussed between RPC and AVADEL. Key performance indicators (KPIs) or metrics will be agreed upon by the Parties, and RPC will report out on any such required KPIs metrics to AVADEL on a Quarterly basis. 
 5.10 Change Implementation . 
 (a) Upon the request of AVADEL, RPC shall make any Changes in the Process, Material Specifications, Product Specifications and or Testing Specifications that are required or requested by any applicable Governmental Authority provided , however , that if either Party reasonably demonstrates that any such Change will result in an increase or decrease in production costs to RPC, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith and agree upon a corresponding adjustment to the Purchase Price payable to RPC prior to RPC being required to implement such change. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such Change shall be subject to the agreed upon change control requirements as set forth in the Quality Agreement. 
 (b) Other Changes to the Process, Material Specifications, Product Specifications and or Testing Specifications shall be by mutual agreement of the Parties, provided , however , RPC shall not unreasonably refuse any request from AVADEL to make any Changes desired by AVADEL. Any Changes to Process, Product Specifications and or Testing Specifications shall be implemented on terms and conditions to be agreed upon in good faith, which may include but are not limited to, reasonable adjustments (which may be upward or downward, as appropriate) to the Purchase Price payable to RPC for its services hereunder. Notwithstanding the foregoing, any such Change shall be subject to the agreed upon change control requirements as set forth in the Quality Agreement. 
 Page 10 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 5.11 Non-Conforming Product . 
 (a) A Product that does not conform with the applicable Production Standards (as may be in effect from time to time) as at the date of delivery for any reason shall be deemed to be a non-conforming product Non-Conforming Product ). AVADEL shall inspect Products delivered and review the certificate of analysis for the Products and report to RPC as to any Non-Conforming Product of its receipt at the AVADEL plant or that of its designee. A Product will be deemed accepted if rejected within such time frame, and AVADEL shall not be entitled to reject such Product provided however that, AVADEL or its designee may nevertheless reject a Product as a Non-Conforming Product if the reason such Product does not conform with the applicable Production Standards is a Latent Defect. 
 (b) RPC shall have the right to examine and test any Product that AVADEL claims to be a Non-Conforming Product and shall notify AVADEL in writing of the results of such examination. Notwithstanding Section 17.15 , in the event the Parties cannot agree as to whether or not any Product is a Non-Conforming Product, the Parties shall designate an independent testing laboratory to determine same, the findings of which shall be binding on the Parties, absent manifest error. Expenses of such laboratory testing shall be borne by the Party whose position is determined to have been in error or if the laboratory cannot place the fault noticed and complained about, then the Parties shall share equally the expenses of the laboratory. 
 (c) In the event that any such Product is ultimately agreed or found to be a Non-Conforming Product by the Parties or, if appropriate, the aforementioned independent testing laboratory, RPC shall use its best efforts to replace such Product as soon as possible at RPC s expense, as well as charges incurred by AVADEL for shipping and or storage. AVADEL shall not be required to pay for any Product that ultimately is agreed or found to be a Non-Conforming Product. 
 5.12 Remaining Quantity of Intermediate . The Parties acknowledge that a surplus amount of Intermediate may exist after production of Product according to one or more applicable Purchase Orders. In the event FDA does not allow for such surplus Intermediate to be utilized in future production of Product and requires such Intermediate to be discarded, RPC will be allowed, on an annual basis, to invoice AVADEL for quantities of surplus Intermediate not used in Product as well as the reasonable cost for destruction of same. RPC shall provide a corresponding Certificate of Destruction for any such destroyed surplus Intermediate. 
 6. ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH AND SAFETY EHS . 
 6.1 General . RPC shall comply with all applicable laws, guidelines, and regulations relating to Environmental Health and Safety, transportation of hazardous materials, and waste management. RPC shall cooperate with AVADEL in connection with AVADEL s determination of RPC s compliance with its EHS obligations, including without limitation, providing relevant EHS documentation requested by AVADEL. RPC will obtain, hold and maintain all necessary licenses, approvals, permits, and authorizations, and complete any necessary notifications related to the handling and use or production of AVADEL Products and all related Production Facility operations. 
 6.2 EHS Inspections . When requested by AVADEL, RPC shall complete and return an EHS questionnaire provided by AVADEL within of receipt. Based on a review of this completed questionnaire, AVADEL may determine if an EHS site assessment of the Production Facility is required. During normal business hours and upon reasonable advanced written notice by AVADEL, RPC shall permit AVADEL employees and or representatives to conduct an EHS assessment of the Production Facility or other premises. Such assessment may include, but is not limited to, an evaluation of RPC s business interruption and liability risks and compliance with laws. RPC shall fully cooperate in any such assessment and comply with any reasonably requested corrective actions. 
 6.3 Worker Exposure and Protection . To the extent required, given the nature and characteristics of the AVADEL material, RPC shall ensure that its personnel (including its employees, Contractors and agents) and AVADEL personnel (including its employees, Contractors and agents) are protected from Avadel Material and or Avadel Material process exposures through either engineering infrastructure, 
 Page 11 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 personnel protective equipment (PPE) or a combination of both. Upon AVADEL request, the RPC shall provide data or conduct workplace monitoring which demonstrates the effectiveness of the controls. 
 6.4 Notification . RPC agrees that it will notify AVADEL in writing as promptly as possible of any incidents pertaining to the use and handling or production of the Avadel Material including but not limited to, fire, explosion, environmental event, injury and or physical damage for incidents which have the potential to impact the RPC s ability to perform the AVADEL contracted work safely. RPC agrees to promptly notify AVADEL in writing of any additional EHS information pertaining to the Avadel Material. 
 6.5 Waste Disposal . RPC shall provide AVADEL in writing a list of all disposal methods, haulers, brokers, and disposal sites utilized for the disposal of waste generated by RPC in connection with the use or manufacture of Avadel Materials, work in progress, Intermediates or Products. If requested by AVADEL, RPC shall provide a Certificate of Destruction or a form reasonably acceptable to AVADEL. RPC shall not change its disposal methods relating to Avadel Materials, work in progress, Intermediates or Products without AVADEL s prior written consent. RPC shall and shall ensure that its waste vendors properly dispose of all indirect waste streams that may contain Avadel Materials, work in progress, Intermediates, Products, packaging and or labeling in a manner that ensures that such Avadel Materials, work in progress, Intermediates, Products, packaging and or labeling are not reusable or recognizable. 
 7. QUALITY CONTROL . 
 7.1 Quality Agreement . Prior to or simultaneous with the execution of this Agreement, the Parties will enter into the quality agreement as annexed hereto as Exhibit A (the Quality Agreement ). The fully executed Quality Agreement is hereby incorporated and made a part of this Agreement. 
 7.2 Quality Audit . AVADEL shall have the right to visit RPC s Production Facility and conduct quality audits once every in accordance with the terms of the Quality Agreement at no cost to AVADEL. Any additional inspections by AVADEL shall be reasonably permitted by the RPC at AVADEL s cost of unless such inspection is a for cause audit contemplated by Section 3.9 of the Quality Agreement, in which case there will be no cost to AVADEL for such for cause audit. 
 7.3 Person in Plant . During validation of the Process or in the event of a Change, AVADEL shall be permitted to have, at no additional cost, representatives or consultants located at the Production Facility during such validation or Change implementation (i.e., a person-in-plant) with reasonable access to the Process area(s) (e.g., suite) in the Production Facility during the manufacture of Product for the purpose of providing technical oversight, which may include observing, reporting on, and consulting as to such manufacturing efforts. RPC shall reasonably cooperate in enabling such AVADEL employees, representatives or consultants to carry out their technical oversight responsibilities. 
 8. COMPLIANCE WITH LAW AND REGULATORY MATTERS . 
 8.1 Licenses and Permits . RPC shall be responsible for obtaining and maintaining during the Term, all regulatory approvals necessary to (i) import the Avadel Materials and (ii) test, manufacture, and supply (including export) the Product to AVADEL. 
 8.2 Record Retention . Any books and records relating to the receipt, manufacture, storage, handling or testing of the Product and any Material(s) used in the manufacturing of the Product shall be maintained under this Agreement by RPC or its Affiliates in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations of the United States and the jurisdiction of the Production Facility. 
 8.3 Regulatory Matters . Any books and records relating to the receipt, manufacture, storage, handling or testing of the Product and Materials shall be maintained under this Agreement by RPC in accordance with applicable laws, rules and regulations of the United States and the jurisdiction of the Production Facility. 
 8.4 Regulatory Compliance . RPC shall notify AVADEL within if any warning, citation, indictment, claim, lawsuit or proceeding issued or instituted by any federal, foreign, state, local or foreign 
 Page 12 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 governmental entity or agency against RPC or any of its Affiliates or of any revocation of any license or permit issued to RPC or any of its Affiliates, to the extent that such occurrences relate to RPC s performance hereunder. RPC shall promptly provide AVADEL with copies of the relevant portions of any documents or a written summary of any oral observation received by RPC in connection with the matters set forth in this Section 8.4 . 
 8.5 Technical Support . Upon notification to RPC that AVADEL has received a complaint or inquiry regarding the safety, efficacy, or quality of the Product, RPC shall, within a reasonable period, supply AVADEL with an analysis (which may include a full analysis, if warranted) of retained samples of the batch(es) of the Product in question versus the Product Specifications. 
 8.6 Adverse Event Reporting . 
 (a) Adverse Events (as defined below) for the Products of which RPC becomes aware shall be reported to AVADEL at within the shortest reporting timeline in which RPC has agreed to report adverse events for any other product manufactured by RPC for any other RPC client, which, for AVADEL, in no event shall exceed from the time RPC first becomes aware of such Adverse Event. RPC shall use reasonable efforts to obtain and report the name and contact information of the person experiencing the Adverse Event as well as the general nature of such Adverse Event. 
 (b) For purposes of this Section 8.6 , an Adverse Event for any Product is defined as any untoward medical occurrence (or worsening of a pre-existing medical condition) in a patient or clinical investigation subject administered a pharmaceutical product and which does not necessarily have a causal relationship with the Product. For the sake of clarity, an Adverse Event could include, but is not limited to, any unfavorable or unintended sign (e.g., abnormal laboratory finding), symptom, or disease temporarily associated with the use of the Product, whether or not considered related to the Product. 
 9. PURCHASE PRICE . 
 9.1 Defined . For purposes of this Agreement, the Purchase Price for the applicable Products are set forth in Schedule 1 . The Purchase Price shall include the costs and expenses for the Other Materials testing and release of Avadel Material and the manufacture, package, test and quality release of Product annual product reviews reference and retention samples and maintenance of quality systems and routine manufacturing waste Product disposal costs and expenses but shall not include the cost of the Avadel Material which shall be supplied by AVADEL at AVADEL s cost. Unless otherwise expressly specified in this Agreement or otherwise set forth in a writing signed by a Party, there are no additional other fees or expenses to be paid by AVADEL that are applicable to RPC s performance of its obligations and the supply of Product hereunder. 
 9.2 Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, RPC shall be solely responsible for any maintenance investment (including, but not limited to, replacement of existing equipment and tooling) relating to RPC s operations or general obligations in this Agreement and the Quality Agreement, including investments that may be required and or related to RPC s obligations herein to comply with all applicable laws, rules and regulations of the United States and the jurisdiction of the Production Facility. In the event RPC determines that any investments required to comply with applicable laws, rules or regulations of the United States and the jurisdiction of the Production Facility are extraordinary and related solely to RPC s production of Product hereunder, RPC may detail such costs and its concern in writing to AVADEL for review and discussion as to how such costs should be handled. 
 9.3 Payments . AVADEL shall pay all invoices for the Purchase Price in accordance with Section 4.4 . 
 9.4 Taxes . Any and all taxes imposed upon or with respect to or measured by the sale or delivery by RPC to AVADEL of the Product in accordance with AVADEL instructions (other than taxes levied upon RPC s gross or net income) shall be for AVADEL account. RPC acknowledges all shipments of Product manufactured under this Agreement will be exported out of France. As such, the Parties will work in good faith to minimize any value-added tax (VAT) to no more than that legally required. It is understood and agreed that each party shall be responsible for administering and paying all taxes, penalty 
 Page 13 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 and interest applicable and arising under applicable regulation and tax laws (in respect of this Agreement). 
 9.5 The Purchase Prices shall be subject to customary yearly adjustments once per Contract Year (excluding the initial Contract Year) to reflect the changes in the United States Producer Price Index US PPI since the last price update in accordance with such US PPI. RPC shall provide AVADEL with at least notice before the end of a current Contract Year of any such increase to begin in the immediately subsequent Contract Year. 
 9.6 In the event of an increase in its overall costs of manufacturing and supplying the Product which is not captured by a Purchase Price increase under Section 9.5 , RPC may increase the Purchase Price with immediate effect, provided that 
 (a) RPC shall only be entitled to make one such increase in a Contract Year 
 (b) such increase shall be subject to a cap 
 (c) RPC shall provide AVADEL with at least notice of any such increase 
 (d) RPC shall provide AVADEL with reasonable evidence of such increase in RPC s costs. Such evidence shall be of a level of specificity for AVADEL to verify the difference in RPC s costs of manufacturing and supplying the Product and should not be understood to mean open book pricing and 
 (e) Any price increase above the cap stated in Section 9.6(b) shall be discussed and agreed by the Parties in good faith. 
 10. REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES . 
 10.1 Both Parties . Each Party warrants and represents as of the Effective Date that such Party (i) is authorized to enter into this Agreement (ii) is aware of no legal, contractual or other restriction, limitation or condition that might affect adversely its ability to perform hereunder and (iii) is in good standing under the laws of each jurisdiction in which it is incorporated or engages in business activities. 
 10.2 RPC . RPC warrants, as of the Effective Date and at all times during the Term, including without limitation for the Production Facility that (i) all Product manufactured and supplied under this Agreement shall conform to the applicable Production Standards when delivered in accordance with this Agreement (ii) RPC has obtained all approvals required by all applicable Governmental Authorities for the performance of its obligations under this Agreement (iii) the facilities and practices that shall be used in the performance of RPC s obligations under this Agreement shall conform to the requirements of all applicable Governmental Authorities (iv) at the time of delivery to AVADEL, all Product shall have a shelf life of no less than of its approved shelf life and (v) RPC shall comply with all applicable federal, state and local laws and regulations of the United States and the jurisdiction of the Production Facility. 
 11. RECALL INDEMNIFICATION INSURANCE SECURITY MEASURES . 
 11.1 Investigation Recall, Voluntary Withdrawal . In the event a Governmental Authority shall allege or prove that a Product does not comply with applicable rules and regulations in a country where the Product is marketed, distributed and sold, AVADEL shall notify RPC immediately, and both Parties shall cooperate fully regarding the investigation and disposition of any such matter. If a Government Authority requires recall of a Product, or if AVADEL should deem it appropriate to voluntarily withdraw a Product, both such circumstances being subject to Section 11.7 below, then to the extent that such recall or withdrawal is due to any gross negligence, recklessness or wrongful intentional acts or omissions or breach of Section 10.2 by RPC, RPC shall reimburse AVADEL for the actual cost of manufacture (through final packaging) of the quantity of Product so recalled and shall bear the actual cost of conducting the recall or withdrawal in accordance with the recall guidelines of the applicable 
 Page 14 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 Governmental Authority. Otherwise, AVADEL shall bear all costs and expenses associated with such recall or withdrawal. 
 11.2 Indemnification By RPC . Subject to Section 11.7 , RPC shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless AVADEL, its Affiliates, its sublicensees and distributors, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, from and against any and all liabilities, damages, losses, costs or expenses whatsoever (including reasonable fees of attorneys and or other professionals) arising out of or resulting from claims, demands, or actions by Third Parties based upon 
 (a) Any breach of RPC s, warranties set forth in this Agreement (including but not limited to those relating to confidentiality and compliance with law) 
 (b) Personal injury (including death) or property damage relating to or arising out of any manufacture of the Product by RPC or its Affiliates due to any gross negligence, recklessness or wrongful intentional acts or omissions by, or strict liability of, RPC or its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents or 
 (c) RPC s or its Affiliates gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct in the manufacture of the Product. 
 11.3 Indemnification By AVADEL . AVADEL shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless RPC and its Affiliates, and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents, from and against any and all liabilities, damages, losses, costs or expenses whatsoever (including reasonable fees of attorneys and or other professionals) arising out of or resulting from claims, demands, or actions by Third Parties based upon 
 (a) Any breach of AVADEL representations and warranties set forth in this Agreement 
 (b) Personal injury (including death) or property damage relating to or arising out of any use, distribution or sale of the Product by AVADEL due to any gross negligence, recklessness or wrongful intentional acts or omissions by, or strict liability of, AVADEL and its directors, officers, employees and agents 
 (c) AVADEL or its Affiliates gross negligence, recklessness or willful misconduct in the manufacture of the Product or 
 (d) Any actual or alleged infringement or violation of any third-party patent, trade secret, copyright, trademark or other proprietary right by RPC in manufacturing the Product according to the Process and Production Standards. 
 11.4 Notice of Indemnification . In the event that any Person entitled to indemnification (an Indemnitee under Sections 11.2 or 11.3 is seeking such indemnification, such Indemnitee shall inform the indemnifying Party Indemnifying Party of the claim as soon as reasonably practicable after such Indemnitee receives notice of such claim however , failure to give such notification shall not affect the indemnification provided under this Agreement, except to the extent the Indemnifying Party shall actually have been prejudiced by such failure in a material manner. Thereafter, the Indemnitee shall deliver to the indemnifying Party, promptly after the Indemnitee s receipt thereof, copies of all notices and documents (including court papers) received by the Indemnitee relating to the claim. The indemnifying Party shall have the right to assume the direction and control of the defense of the claim (including the sole right to settle it at the sole discretion of the indemnifying Party, provided , that , such settlement does not impose any obligation on, or otherwise adversely affect, the Indemnitee) and shall cooperate as requested (at the expense of the Indemnifying Party) in the defense of such claim. In any such proceeding the defense of which the Indemnifying Party shall have so assumed, the Indemnitee shall have the right to participate therein and retain its own counsel (without otherwise affecting the rights of the Parties under this Section 11.4 at its own expense unless (i) the Indemnitee and the indemnifying Party shall have mutually agreed on the retention of counsel, (ii) the Indemnitee shall have reasonably concluded that there may be one or more legal defenses available to it which are different from or additional to those available to the indemnifying Party, or (iii) the named Parties (including the impleaded Parties) include both the 
 Page 15 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 indemnifying Party and the Indemnitee, and representation of all Parties by the same counsel would be inappropriate in the opinion of the Indemnifying Party s counsel due to actual or potential differing interests between them in any such case, one firm of attorneys separate from the Indemnifying Party s counsel may be retained to represent Indemnitee at the Indemnifying Party s expense. 
 11.5 Complete Indemnification . As the Parties intend complete indemnification, all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by an Indemnitee in connection with enforcement of Sections 11.2 and 11.3 shall also be reimbursed by the Indemnifying Party. 
 11.6 Insurance . 
 (a) During the Term and for thereafter, RPC shall obtain and maintain, at its sole cost and expense, general liability insurance, with endorsements for contractual liability, business interruption and product liability with coverage limits of not less than per occurrence and not less than in the aggregate. The minimum level of insurance set forth herein shall not be construed to create a limit on RPC s liability hereunder. RPC shall maintain insurance to cover the Avadel Material while in RPC s storage. 
 (b) Upon request of AVADEL during the Term, RPC shall furnish to AVADEL a certificate of insurance evidencing such coverage no later than after AVADEL s request. 
 11.7 Limitation of Liability . 
 (a) Nothing in this Agreement shall limit or exclude RPC s liability for 
 (i) death or personal injury caused by its negligence 
 (ii) fraud or fraudulent misrepresentation or 
 (iii) any other liability which cannot be limited or excluded by applicable law. 
 (b) Subject to Section 11.7(a) , neither Party shall be liable to the other Party, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), for breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, arising under or in connection with this Agreement for any 
 (i) loss of profits 
 (ii) loss of sales or business 
 (iii) loss of agreements or contracts 
 (iv) loss of anticipated savings 
 (v) loss of or damage to goodwill 
 (vi) loss of use or corruption of software, data or information or 
 (vii) indirect, incidental, exemplary, special, punitive, consequential or any other similar type of loss. 
 (c) Subject to Sections 11.7(a) and 11.7(d) , RPC s total aggregate liability to AVADEL in any Contract Year, whether in contract, tort (including negligence), for breach of statutory duty, or otherwise, arising under or in connection with this Agreement shall not exceed of the aggregate amount paid by the AVADEL to RPC in during the period prior to the occurrence of the claim. 
 (d) RPC s maximum aggregate liability to AVADEL for any obligation to (i) refund, offset or replace any Non-Conforming Product or (ii) replace any recalled Product will not exceed (in either case) of the Purchase Price payable for the Non-Conforming or recalled Product as applicable. 
 12. CONFIDENTIALITY . 
 12.1 Generally . Each Party shall keep confidential and shall not use for any purpose other than the performance of such Party s obligations under this Agreement, and shall cause its Affiliates and such Party s and its Affiliates respective directors, officers, employees and advisors to keep confidential and not to use for any purpose other than the performance of such Party s obligations under this Agreement, 
 Page 16 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 all information acquired from the other Party or its Affiliates, in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby, including, without limitation, all information concerning the Process, Avadel Intellectual Property, Avadel Materials, the contents and existence of this Agreement and all Production Standards, other than any information that (i) is or hereafter becomes generally available to the public other than by reason of any default with respect to a confidentiality obligation (ii) was already known to the receiving Party as evidenced by prior written documents in the receiving Party s possession or (iii) is disclosed to the receiving Party by a Third Party who or which is not in default of any confidentiality obligation to the disclosing Party (such information to which none of the foregoing exceptions applies, Confidential Information ). Each receiving Party shall transmit, and shall cause each of its Affiliates to transmit, Confidential Information only to those of its employees, agents or representatives who shall need same for the purpose of this Agreement and shall take all necessary measures to assure that such employees, agents or representatives are bound by the same or equivalent confidentiality obligation as those provided in this Section 12 . The obligations and rights set forth in this Section 12 shall survive for following the termination of this Agreement provided that confidentiality obligation in relation to any trade secrete shall remain confidential until such time as they are no longer trade secrets. 
 12.2 Exceptions . The provisions of Section 12.1 shall not apply to Confidential Information (i) that is submitted by the receiving Party to Governmental Authorities to facilitate the issuance or maintenance of marketing approvals for any Product, provided , that , reasonable measures shall have been taken to ensure confidential treatment of such Confidential Information and (ii) that is otherwise required to be disclosed in compliance with applicable laws or regulations or order by a court or other regulatory body having competent jurisdiction, provided that reasonable measures shall have been taken to ensure confidential treatment of such Confidential Information. 
 12.3 Remedies . Each Party shall be entitled, in addition to any other right or remedy it may have, at law, in equity or under this Agreement, to obtain temporary, preliminary and permanent injunctions, without the posting of any bond or other security, enjoining or restraining the other Party and its Affiliates from any violation or threatened violation of this Section 12 . 
 13. FINANCIALS . 
 13.1 RPC represents that it submits financial statements filings to th e Direction G n rale des Finances Publiques each year relating to the Production Facility Financial Statements ). RPC shall provide AVADEL with a copy of such Financial Statements each year within of AVADEL s request. 
 13.2 RPC and its Affiliates shall not change the location of the Production Facility, or transfer or discontinue manufacture of Product from the Production Facility to an alternate facility without ensuring continuity of supply of the Products (in sufficient quantities to meet AVADEL s most recent Forecast). The Parties shall agree on a stock building plan as part of RPC s proposal to ensure such continuity if supply. Should RPC divest or otherwise dispose of the Production Facility, it shall give AVADEL reasonable written notice of such plan and ensure that the acquirer of the Facility shall reaffirm its commitment to the supply of Products to Avadel. For clarity, RPC and its Affiliates shall cover all costs associated with any such change, transfer, discontinuation, divestment, or disposition. 
 14. TERM TERMINATION . 
 14.1 Term Extension . Unless otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, the initial term of this Agreement (the Initial Term shall commence on the Effective Date and shall expire upon conclusion of the Year. Thereafter, this Agreement shall renew automatically for additional successive periods (each a Renewal Term ). This Agreement may be terminated by either Party hereto by notifying the other Party in writing at least prior to the end of the then current term (i.e., the applicable Initial Term or Renewal Term) of the intent not to continue with this Agreement for another Renewal Term. The Initial Term and any subsequent Renewal Term(s) collectively define the Term of this Agreement. 
 Page 17 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 14.2 Termination for Breach . The failure by either Party (the Defaulting Party to comply with any of the Defaulting Party s obligations under this Agreement shall entitle the other Party (the Non-Defaulting Party to give to the Defaulting Party notice specifying the nature of the default and requiring the Defaulting Party to cure such default. If such default is not cured within after the receipt of such notice (or, if such default reasonably cannot be cured within such period), the Non-Defaulting Party shall be entitled, without prejudice, to any of the other rights conferred on it by this Agreement or available to it at law, in equity or under this Agreement, to terminate this Agreement by giving further notice to the Defaulting Party, to take effect immediately upon delivery thereof. The right of either Party to terminate this Agreement, as provided in this Section 14.2 , shall not be affected in any way by its waiver or failure to take action with respect to any previous default. 
 14.3 Termination for Insolvency . Subject to any limitations imposed by applicable law, either Party shall have the right to terminate this Agreement by giving notice to the other Party in the event that 
 (a) Such other Party shall have (i) voluntarily commenced any proceeding or filed any petition seeking relief under the bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws of any jurisdiction (ii) applied for, or consented to, the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conciliator, administrator or similar official for it or for all or substantially all of its property (iii) filed an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against or in respect of it in any such proceeding (iv) made a general assignment for the benefit of creditors of all or substantially all of its assets (v) become unable generally, or admitted in writing its inability, to pay all or substantially all of its debts as they become due or (vi) taken corporate action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing or 
 (b) An involuntary proceeding shall have been commenced, or any involuntary petition shall have been filed, in a court of competent jurisdiction seeking (i) relief in respect of such other Party, or of its property, under the bankruptcy, insolvency or similar laws of any jurisdiction (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conciliator, administrator or similar official for such other Party or for all or substantially all of its property or (iii) the winding-up or liquidation of such other Party and, in each case, such proceeding or petition shall have continued undismissed for or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall have continued unstayed, unappealed and in effect for . 
 14.4 Termination Due to FDA Action . This Agreement may be terminated by either Party in the event the FDA does not issue a full approval of the new drug application for the Product within of the Effective Date. For sake of clarity, termination under this Section 14.4 would be appropriate by either Party in the event such new drug application for the Product is remains denied or tentatively approved after the Effective Date. 
 14.5 Consequences of Termination . 
 (a) Upon the expiration or any earlier termination of this Agreement (the Termination Date 
 (i) RPC shall use reasonable efforts to produce in accordance with the terms of this Agreement all quantities of the Product previously ordered by AVADEL pursuant to Section 4.2 provided that such termination is not by RPC for failure of AVADEL to pay undisputed charges. Subject to the foregoing, RPC shall deliver to AVADEL (or its designee), as promptly as possible, and in any event no later than the date of delivery contained in the relevant Firm Order, at AVADEL cost and expense, such quantities for the Product. RPC shall invoice AVADEL for, and AVADEL shall pay the invoice for, the applicable Purchase Price with respect to all Product delivered pursuant to this Section 14.5(a)(i) , in accordance with the terms of this Agreement, provided that such Product conforms with the Production Standards. Additionally, RPC shall return all unused Avadel Material and Intermediate to AVADEL. 
 (ii) To the extent necessary for RPC to fulfill its obligations under Section 14.5(a)(i) , all rights and obligations under this Agreement shall remain in full force and effect until RPC has fulfilled its obligations under Section 14.5(a)(i) . 
 Page 18 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 (iii) No later than after the Termination Date, each Party shall return to the other Party all copies and embodiments, whether physical or electronic, of such other Party s Confidential Information in such Party s possession or control provided , however , that each Party shall be entitled to retain one archival copy of such Confidential Information solely for purposes of monitoring such Party s compliance with its obligations under Section 12 . 
 (b) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, all payments to be made on account of or in conjunction with the expiration or termination of this Agreement shall be made in cash and all previously issued, unused trade credits shall be settled in cash upon such expiration or termination. 
 14.6 Accrued Rights Surviving Obligations . 
 (a) Termination, relinquishment or expiration of this Agreement for any reason shall be without prejudice to any rights that shall have accrued to the benefit of either Party prior to such termination, relinquishment or expiration. Such termination, relinquishment or expiration shall not relieve either Party from obligations that are expressly indicated to survive termination, relinquishment or expiration of this Agreement. 
 (b) All of the Parties respective rights and obligations hereunder, including, but not limited to, Sections 5.3(b) , 5.5(b) , 5.11 , 5.12 , 6.5 , 8.2 , 8.3 , 10.2 , 11 , 12 , 14.5 , 16.2 , and 17 shall survive termination, relinquishment or expiration of this Agreement. 
 15. FORCE MAJEURE . 
 15.1 Events of Force Majeure . None of the Parties shall be held liable or responsible to the other Party nor be deemed to be in default under, or in breach of any provision of, this Agreement for failure or delay in fulfilling or performing any obligation of this Agreement when such failure or delay is due to Force Majeure . For purposes of this Agreement, Force Majeure is defined as causes beyond the control of the Party or its reasonable expectations, including, without limitation acts of God acts of Governmental Authorities inability to obtain any permit, governmental approval or authorization riots, war or civil commotion destruction of production facilities or materials by fire, flood, epidemics, earthquake, explosion or storm. In such event AVADEL or RPC, as the case may be, shall immediately notify the other Party of such inability and of the period for which such inability is expected to continue. The Party giving such notice shall thereupon be excused from such of its obligations under this Agreement as it is thereby disabled from performing for so long as it is so disabled and for thereafter. To the extent possible, each Party shall use reasonable efforts to minimize the duration of any event of Force Majeure . If RPC is unable to perform its obligations under this provision, AVADEL shall be entitled to obtain immediately any Materials, Other Materials or work-in-process in the custody of RPC so that it may arrange for the production or completion of Products by other manufacturers in its discretion. If such Force Majeure event is expected to delay production for more than , the Parties shall immediately consult with each other to consider how to address such delay. 
 16. INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY . 
 16.1 All Avadel Intellectual Property shall be owned solely by AVADEL and no right therein is granted to RPC under this Agreement, except that RPC shall have a non-exclusive, royalty-free license to such intellectual property solely to the extent necessary to perform its obligations under this Agreement. All RPC Intellectual Property shall be owned solely by RPC and no right therein is granted to AVADEL under this Agreement except that, to the extent RPC Intellectual Property is incorporated into Product, AVADEL shall have a paid-up, royalty-free, non-exclusive license to RPC Intellectual Property only to the extent necessary to market, export, import, offer for sale, and sell Product Processed by RPC under this Agreement. Any intellectual property that i) is invented or conceived by RPC as a result of its access to Avadel Intellectual Property and or Avadel Confidential Information and ii) relates to oxybate products, shall be owned solely by AVADEL, and RPC will cooperate in good faith and at AVADEL s expense to enable AVADEL to secure protection for such intellectual property. In the event intellectual property that does not relate to oxybate products is jointly invented conceived by the Parties, the Parties shall cooperate to achieve allocation of rights to such jointly invented conceived intellectual property, and 
 Page 19 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 each Party shall be solely responsible for its respective costs associated with the protection of such jointly invented intellectual property. 
 16.2 During the Term of this Agreement, and for a period of following termination of this Agreement, RPC shall not manufacture any oxybate product (i.e., a pharmaceutical product comprising gamma-hydroxybutyrate or any salt, hydrate, solvate, tautomer, prodrug, or the like, including any combination thereof) for any Third Party using capital equipment purchased by RPC with AVADEL funds. This Section 16.2 shall in no way limit RPC s confidentiality obligations set forth in Section 12.1 above. 
 17. MISCELLANEOUS . 
 17.1 Relationship of Parties . Nothing in this Agreement is intended or shall be deemed to constitute a partnership, agency, employer-employee or joint venture relationship between the Parties. No Party shall incur any debts or make any commitments for the other, except to the extent, if at all, specifically provided herein. AVADEL shall sell the Product without participation of RPC in the negotiation or consummation of such sales, and, as between the Parties, AVADEL shall derive the entire income and incur the entire loss, as the case may be, from such sales. RPC shall only be entitled to the applicable Conversion Charge as set forth in this Agreement. 
 17.2 Books and Records . Any books and records to be maintained under this Agreement by a Party or its Affiliates shall be maintained in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, consistently applied. Any right to examine records under this Agreement shall be deemed to include the right to make copies thereof, subject to the Parties respective obligations under Section 12 . 
 17.3 Assignment . Neither Party shall be entitled to assign its rights hereunder without the express written consent of the other Party hereto, such consent not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed, except that either Party may assign its rights to (i) an Affiliate or (ii) any assignee who acquires all or substantially all of such its business, business division relevant to the Product, the Product line, the Product or in the event of its merger or consolidation or similar transaction. No such assignment shall be valid and effective unless and until the assignee shall agree in writing to be bound by the provisions of this Agreement. Any assignment not in accordance with this Section 17.3 shall be null and void. 
 17.4 Sub-contracting . RPC shall not sub-contract any of the work to be performed hereunder without the prior written consent of AVADEL. No such sub-contracting shall relieve RPC of any of its obligations hereunder. 
 17.5 Binding Effect No Third Party Beneficiaries . This Agreement shall be binding upon the successors and permitted assigns of the Parties, and the name of a Party appearing herein shall be deemed to include the names of such Party s successors and permitted assigns to the extent necessary to carry out the intent of this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement, express or implied, is intended to, or shall confer upon, any Third Party any legal or equitable right, benefit or remedy of any nature whatsoever. 
 17.6 Further Actions . Each Party agrees to execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments, and to do all such other acts, as may be necessary or appropriate in order to carry out the purposes and intent of this Agreement. 
 17.7 Notice . Any notice, request or other communication required or permitted to be given under or in connection with this Agreement shall be deemed to have been sufficiently given if in writing and personally delivered or sent by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), or express courier service (signature required) to the Party for which such notice is intended, at the address set forth below for such Party 
 (a) In the case of AVADEL, to 
 Flamel Ireland Limited Attention General Manager 10 Earlsfort Terrace 
 Page 20 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 Dublin 2 D02 T380 IRELAND 
 with electronic copy to 
 (b) In the case of RPC, to 
 Recipharm Pessac Attention General Manager 11 Avenue Gustave Eiffel 33600 Pessac FRANCE 
 with electronic copy to 
 or to such other address for such Party as it shall have specified by like notice to the other Party, provided that notices of a change of address shall be effective only upon receipt thereof. If delivered personally, the date of delivery shall be the date on which such notice or request has been given. If sent by mail or express courier, the date of actual receipt shall be the date on which such notice or request has been given (unless such mailed or couriered notice or request merely confirms a notice or request previously delivered in accordance with this Section 17.7 ). 
 17.8 Use of Name . Except as otherwise provided herein, neither Party shall have any right, express or implied, to use in any manner the name or other designation of the other Party or any other trade name or trademark of the other Party for any purpose in connection with the performance of this Agreement. 
 17.9 Public Announcements . Neither Party shall make any public announcement regarding the business relationship of the Parties or this Agreement. 
 17.10 Waiver . A waiver by either Party of any of the terms and conditions of this Agreement in any instance shall not be deemed or construed to be a waiver of such term or condition for the future, or of any subsequent breach hereof. All rights, remedies, undertakings, obligations and agreements contained in this Agreement shall be cumulative and none of them shall be in limitation of any other remedy, right, undertaking, obligation or agreement of either Party. 
 17.11 Compliance with Law . Nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to permit a Party to import, export, reexport, store, sell, distribute or otherwise transfer any Product manufactured under this Agreement without compliance with all applicable laws, rules and regulations. 
 17.12 Severability . When possible, each provision of this Agreement shall be interpreted in such manner as to be effective and valid under applicable law, but if any provision of this Agreement is held to be prohibited by or invalid under applicable law, such provision shall be ineffective only to the extent of such prohibition or invalidity, without invalidating the remainder of this Agreement. In such event, the Parties agree to substitute a valid and enforceable provision therefor which, as nearly as possible, achieves the desired economic effect and mutual understanding of the Parties under this Agreement. 
 17.13 Amendment . No amendment, modification or supplement of any provisions of this Agreement shall be valid or effective unless made in writing and signed by a duly authorized officer of each Party. 
 17.14 Governing Law English Original Controlling . This Agreement shall be governed by and interpreted in accordance with the laws of Switzerland, without regard to conflicts of law principles provided , however , that any arbitration proceeding shall be conducted pursuant to Section 17.15 . Each Party further irrevocably submits to the jurisdiction of such court in any claim that may arise under this Agreement. 
 Page 21 of 23 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

 17.15 Dispute Resolution . 
 (a) The Parties shall attempt to resolve amicably any dispute arising in connection with this Agreement for a period of . All disputes not so resolved shall be, if mutually agreed to by the Parties, finally settled by arbitration in accordance with the Arbitration and Conciliation Act, 1996. The arbitration shall be held in Zurich, Switzerland. The arbitration proceedings shall be conducted, and the award shall be rendered, in the English language. Each Party shall select one arbitrator who shall be an experienced lawyer and fluent in English. The two arbitrators appointed by the Parties shall select a third arbitrator. 
 (b) Section 17.15(a) shall not prohibit a Party from seeking injunctive relief from a court of competent jurisdiction in the event of a breach or prospective breach of this Agreement by the other Party that would cause irreparable harm to the first Party. 
 17.16 Specific Performance . Each Party agrees that a failure by any Party to perform its obligations under this Agreement shall result in irreparable damage and that specific performance of such obligations may be obtained without the posting of any bond or other security. 
 17.17 Entire Agreement . This Agreement, together with the exhibits and schedules attached hereto and thereto, sets forth the entire agreement and understanding between the Parties as to the subject matter hereof (to the exclusion of any other terms not contained herein including those contained in any Purchase Order) and merges all prior discussions and negotiations between them, and neither of the Parties shall be bound by any conditions, definitions, warranties, understandings or representations with respect to such subject matter other than as expressly provided herein or as duly set forth on or subsequent to the Effective Date in writing and signed by a proper and duly authorized officer or representative of the Party to be bound thereby. In the event of a conflict or inconsistency between this Agreement and the Quality Agreement, this Agreement shall control and prevail unless such conflict or inconsistency pertains to quality issues with respect to the Product, in such event, the Quality Agreement shall control and prevail. 
 17.18 Descriptive Headings . The descriptive headings of this Agreement are for convenience only and shall be of no force or effect in construing or interpreting any of the provisions of this Agreement. 
 17.19 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed simultaneously in any number of counterparts, any one of which need not contain the signature of more than one Party but all such counterparts taken together shall constitute one and the same Agreement. 
 17.20 Business Conduct and Ethics . AVADEL takes seriously its compliance and ethics responsibilities and seeks to do business only with parties who share our high standards of ethical behavior. In this regard, the Parties agree that throughout the Term of this Agreement, the Parties will at all times comply with the human rights, compliance, and environment standards set forth in Exhibit B of this Agreement. 
 
 REMAINDER OF THIS PAGE INTENTIONALLY LEFT BLANK. SIGNATURE PAGE IMMEDIATELY FOLLOWS. 
 
 Page 22 of 23 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF , each of the Parties has caused its duly authorized representative to execute this Agreement as of the Effective Date. 
 FLAMEL IRELAND LIMITED RECIPHARM PESSAC AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE 
 By s Rosemarie Tully 
 AUTHORIZED SIGNATURE 
 By s Veronique Beaugnier 
 PRINTED SIGNATORY S NAME 
 Rosemarie Tully 
 PRINTED SIGNATORY S NAME 
 Veronique Beaugnier 
 PRINTED SIGNATORY S TITLE 
 President 
 PRINTED SIGNATORY S TITLE 
 General Manager Pessac 
 DATE SIGNED 
 06 October 2022 
 DATE SIGNED 
 06 octobre 2022 

Page 23 of 23 

</EX-10.21>

<EX-10.22>
 4
 a123122ex-1022.htm
 EX-10.22

Document 
 Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

GENERIC API SUPPLY AGREEMENT 
 This GENERIC API SUPPLY AGREEMENT Agreement is made this 2nd day of January 2020 Effective Date by and between Euticals Inc. Supplier ), with a place of business at 2460 W. Bennett Street, Springfield, MO 65807 and Avadel CNS Pharmaceuticals, LLC Customer ), with a place of business at 16640 Chesterfield Grove Road, Suite 200, Chesterfield, MO 63005. Supplier and Customer may be referred to herein as a Party or Parties as the context requires. 
 WHEREAS, Customer is engaged in the business of developing, manufacturing and selling finished dosage form pharmaceutical products and 
 WHEREAS, Supplier is engaged in the business of manufacturing and selling active pharmaceutical ingredients 
 WHEREAS, Customer desires to purchase API (as defined below) from Supplier and, as of the Commencement Date (defined below), Supplier is willing to supply API to Customer on the terms and conditions of this Agreement and 
 WHEREAS, the Parties intend to have Customer purchase API from Supplier and to have Supplier supply such API to Customer on a purchase order basis during the period between the Effective Date and the Commencement Date under the terms and conditions of this Agreement. 
 NOW, THEREFORE, intending to be legally bound hereby and in consideration of the mutual representations, warranties and covenants set forth in this Agreement and other good and valuable consideration the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged, the Parties agree as follows 
 Article 1 DEFINITIONS 
 The following terms have the following meanings in this Agreement 
 1.1 Affiliate(s) means any corporation, firm, partnership or other entity which controls, is controlled by or is under common control with a Party for as long as such control exists provided that any entity shall not be deemed an Affiliate of a Party solely because an investment company controls both the entity and the Party. For purposes of this definition, control shall mean the ownership (direct or indirect) of at least fifty percent (50 of the voting share capital of such entity or any other comparable equity or ownership interest or any other arrangement whereby an entity controls or has the right to control the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the subject entity, or the ability to cause the direction of the management or policies of such subject entity. 
 1.2 API means the active pharmaceutical ingredient sodium oxybate (CAS 591-81-1). 
 1.3 Batch means a quantity of API manufactured by Supplier for Customer. 
 1.4 Business Day means any day that is not a Saturday, Sunday, or other day on which commercial banks are required or authorized to be closed in Springfield, Missouri. 
 1.5 Certificate of Analysis means the certificate that accompanies each Batch of API and which lists the test methods, acceptance limits and release test results of that specific Batch. 
 1 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

1.6 cGMP means current good manufacturing practices for active pharmaceutical ingredients promulgated by applicable Regulatory Authorities, as amended from time to time. 
 1.7 Commencement Date means the earlier of i) the first day on which an applicable regulatory or governmental authority in the Territory approves a finished dosage form pharmaceutical product containing API for commercial distribution, or ii) the first day on which Customer submits to Supplier a Purchase Order for a Batch of API designated by Customer for use in the manufacture of a validation batch of finished dosage form pharmaceutical product containing such API. 
 1.8 Confidential Information means all information furnished by Supplier or Customer, or any of their respective representatives or Affiliates, to the other, its representatives or Affiliates, in any form, including but not limited to written, verbal, visual, electronic or in any other media or manner, whether or not such information is identified as confidential at the time of disclosure. Confidential Information also includes the terms of this Agreement. 
 1.9 Contract Year means each consecutive 12 calendar month period during the Term, the first of which commences on the Commencement Date provided , however , that if the Commencement Date occurs on a day other than January 1 st , then the first Contract Year shall commence on the Commencement Date and end on December 31 st o the same calendar year. Thereafter, each subsequent Contract Year will commence on January 1 st of a given calendar year and end on December 31 st of the same calendar year. By way of example, if the Commencement Date occurs on February 1, 2022, the first Contract Year would commence on February 1, 2022, and end on December 31, 2022. Under this example, the second Contract Year would commence on January 1, 2023, and end on December 31, 2023. 
 1.10 DEA means the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration or any successor thereto. 
 1.11 Delivery means, with respect to each Batch, the transfer of the Batch to the transportation carrier DAP to Customer s named facilities (Incoterms 2010), or, if Customer requests Supplier to store the Batch pursuant to Section 4.5, delivery of the Batch to storage. 
 1.12 Facility means the manufacturing facility of Supplier at 2460 W. Bennett Street - Springfield, MO 65807 - USA or such other U.S.-located manufacturing facility of Supplier or its Affiliates (or of any duly authorized sub-contractor under Section 15.7 of this Agreement) as shall have been notified to Customer pursuant to Section 2.2. 
 1.13 Intellectual Property means all discoveries, inventions, know-how, developments, methods, techniques, trade secrets, innovations, updates, modifications, enhancements, improvements, copyrights, data, documentation, processes, procedures, specifications and other intellectual property of any kind, whether or not protectable under patent, trademark, copyright or similar laws. 
 1.14 Price Change Date means January 1 of each Contract Year with notification of any price change for any given Contract Year being issued by Supplier on or before September 1 of the preceding Contract Year (i.e., four (4) months prior to the Price Change Date, which corresponds to the Firm Period of the Forecasts described in Section 3.2 below). 
 1.15 Purchase Order means the written order placed by Customer for quantities of API required to be manufactured and supplied by Supplier under this Agreement. 
 2 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

1.16 Quality Agreement means the Supplier-provided agreement specifying the roles and responsibilities of the Parties with respect to quality assurance quality control activities for the API. 
 1.17 Raw Materials means all raw materials, supplies, components and packaging necessary to manufacture and ship the API in accordance with the Specifications. 
 1.18 Regulatory Authority means any governmental regulatory authority within the Territory responsible for granting or maintaining regulatory approval for the API or otherwise having jurisdiction over its development, manufacture, market approval, sale, distribution, packaging or use. 
 1.19 Specifications means the written specifications and quality standards, including tests, analytical procedures and acceptance criteria, set forth in Exhibit B of this Agreement and established by Supplier to ensure the characteristics and quality of API. 
 1.20 Supplier IP means Intellectual Property owned by Supplier, or licensed by Supplier from Third Parties, whether existing independent of this Agreement or improved or developed in the course of manufacturing API under this Agreement. 
 1.21 Territory means . 
 1.22 Third Party means any person, entity or other party other than the Parties hereto and their respective Affiliates. 
 
 Article 2 
 SUPPLY 
 2.1 Supply and Purchase of API . During the Term, Supplier shall manufacture and supply to Customer, and Customer shall purchase from Supplier, API in accordance with the terms and conditions of this Agreement. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement, the Parties agree that Supplier shall use commercially reasonable efforts to timely secure any DEA quotas necessary to supply API to Customer provided, however, that Supplier shall have no liability to Customer under this Agreement in the event that, after Supplier s exertion of commercially reasonable efforts to timely secure DEA manufacturing quota, any such manufacturing quota from the DEA restricts, or is anticipated to restrict, Supplier s ability to supply API to Customer. 
 2.2 cGMP . Supplier shall manufacture the API at the Facility in accordance with cGMP, the Specifications, the Quality Agreement and all laws, regulations and other legal requirements of Regulatory Authorities applicable to the manufacture of the API at the Facility. The initial Facility shall be located at 2460 W. Bennett Street, Springfield, Missouri 65807. Supplier shall be free, at any time, to change the Facility in which the API is manufactured to any other U.S-located facility that is owned or operated by Supplier and or its Affiliates provided, however, that Supplier will notify Customer at least prior to such change. In the event Supplier changes the Facility pursuant to this Section 2.2, Customer shall have the right to revise the currently outstanding Forecast, including Firm Period, in order to reflect increased quantities of API and issue additional or revise currently outstanding Purchase Orders in order to reflect such increased quantities of API in order to obtain safety stock provided that Supplier shall use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy, but shall have no obligation to fulfill, any quantities in excess of of the amount of API forecasted in the original Forecast. 
 3 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

2.3 Specifications . All of the API supplied by Supplier shall comply with the Specifications at the time of Delivery. 
 2.4 Non-Exclusivity . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, Supplier shall manufacture and supply the API to Customer on a non-exclusive basis, and Supplier reserves the right to manufacture and sell the API for itself, its Affiliates and Third Parties for any purpose. Except with respect to Customer s Minimum Purchase Requirement, the Parties agree that this Agreement does not obligate Customer to purchase its requirements of the API from Supplier. 
 2.5 Raw Materials . Supplier shall be responsible for procuring, inspecting, testing and releasing Raw Materials as necessary to manufacture the API covered by Purchase Orders, unless otherwise agreed to by the Parties in writing. In the event of (i) a Specification change for any reason, (ii) termination or expiration of this Agreement for any reason other than termination by Customer for Supplier s material breach, as per Section 12.2(i) of this Agreement, or (iii) obsolescence of any Raw Material, Customer shall bear the cost of such quantities of unused Raw Materials that were purchased by Supplier to enable it to comply with its obligations with respect to any applicable Firm Period quantities or issued Purchase Orders. 
 Article 3 MINIMUM COMMITMENTS, FORECASTS & PURCHASE ORDERS 
 3.1 Minimum Commitments . During the Term, Customer shall purchase from Supplier in each Contract Year no less than of Customer s total API purchase requirements for the Territory for said Contract Year Minimum Purchase Requirement ), provided that each Purchase Order shall be in full Batch sizes. In the event Customer orders for delivery during a Contract Year less than their applicable Minimum Purchase Requirement, Customer shall fulfill such Minimum Purchase Requirement by issuing a Purchase Order for the difference between the ordered quantity and the Minimum Purchase Requirement at the then applicable Unit Price for such outstanding amounts. Within after the end of any given Contract Year, Customer shall provide to Supplier written certification signed by a Customer officer or officer s designee certifying that Customer has complied with its Minimum Purchase Requirement for said Contract Year. Upon advanced, written notice, and at a mutually agreed upon time, Customer shall permit an independent certified public accounting firm selected by Supplier and reasonably acceptable to Customer to have access to its relevant records in a manner sufficient to enable Supplier to audit its requirements for API in any given Contract Year and confirm compliance with the Minimum Purchase Requirement with respect to such Contract Year. Costs of the audit will be borne by Supplier, except that Customer shall pay all such costs in the event Customer s orders for delivery during such Contract Year totaled less than of the Minimum Purchase Requirement applicable with respect to such Contract Year. Any dispute as to whether Customer has satisfied any portion of its Minimum Purchase Requirement shall not relieve Customer from satisfying its payment obligations with respect to any undisputed amounts of such Minimum Purchase Requirement. Without limiting the foregoing, Customer shall use all commercially reasonable efforts to timely cooperate with and respond to any requests from Supplier and or the auditor arising during the course of any audit. 
 3.2 Forecasts . No later than ten (10) days prior to the first day of each calendar month, Customer shall provide to Supplier a twelve (12) month rolling forecast estimating its monthly requirements for API from Supplier with respect to the twelve (12) month period commencing on the first day of the following month (by way of example, if Customer provides a forecast on September 15, 2022, the twelve (12) month period shall be October 1, 2022 through September 30, 2023) (each, a Forecast ). The first of each Forecast shall be binding on Customer (the Firm Period ), and the last months of each Forecast shall constitute an estimate of Customer s requirements for API that is supplied for the convenience of Supplier only, is not 
 4 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

binding on either Party, and shall not itself be deemed an order for API. Supplier agrees to notify Customer within Business Days after receipt of the Forecast if Supplier can or cannot comply and deliver any portion of such Forecast. If Supplier cannot confirm that it can comply and deliver any quantity of API forecasted in the Firm Period of a given Forecast, then Customer has the right to purchase from a Third Party such quantity of API forecasted in such Firm Period that Supplier is unable to deliver and to deduct such quantity of API from the calculation of Customer s Minimum Purchase Requirement for such Contract Year. If such lack of confirmation occurs more than once in any given Contract Year, then the Minimum Purchase Requirement for such Contract Year shall be eliminated. 
 3.3 Purchase Orders . 
 (i) Customer shall, in accordance with Supplier s lead time of , place Purchase Orders via email to Supplier with Supplier for the quantities of API indicated in the then-current Forecast s Firm Period and confirmed by Supplier pursuant to Section 3.2. Supplier shall have no obligation to fulfill any Purchase Orders submitted without such required lead time. Subject to the terms of Section 3.3(iii), Purchase Orders shall constitute a binding, non-cancellable obligation of Customer to purchase API so ordered. Each Purchase Order issued hereunder shall be governed by the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and Supplier hereby specifically rejects any different or additional terms and or conditions contained in any such Purchase Order. 
 (ii) Each Purchase Order submitted to Supplier by Customer shall be for no less than i) of API if submitted in the first Contract Year, and ii) no less than of API if submitted in any subsequent Contract Year. 
 (iii) Supplier shall provide Customer with a written confirmation of its ability or inability to satisfy each Purchase Order within following Supplier s receipt thereof. If Supplier fails to provide Customer with such written confirmation following Supplier s receipt thereof, such failure shall be deemed Supplier s acceptance of the delivery date and quantity terms of the Purchase Order and confirmation of Supplier s ability to satisfy the entirety of such Purchase Order. Until the earlier of (a) Customer s receipt of Supplier s written confirmation of its ability to satisfy the Purchase Order and (b) the after Supplier s receipt of the Purchase Order, Customer shall have the right to cancel such portion of the Purchase Order that solely relates to quantities of API under the then-current Forecast s Firm Period that have not been previously forecasted under any prior Forecast s Firm Period. 
 (iv) Notwithstanding the foregoing, any failure by Customer to comply with its obligations under this Agreement to issue Purchase Orders for quantities of API indicated in any Firm Period shall not relieve Customer of its obligation to pay for those confirmed quantities set forth in such Firm Period on a take-or-pay basis. 
 Article 4 PRICING AND PAYMENT 
 4.1 Pricing . For all API ordered and intended for delivery during the first Contract Year, Customer shall pay to Supplier the unit price of Unit Price ), which Unit Price shall be subject to adjustment pursuant to Section 4.2. 
 4.2 Price Change . 
 (i) Supplier may implement a change in the Unit Price for API on each Price Change Date during the Term in an amount equal to the total percentage change in the Producer Price 
 5 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

Index, Pharmaceutical Preparation Manufacturing (Series ID as published by the U.S. Department of Labor, Bureau of Labor Statistics PPI during the immediately preceding twelve (12) month period ending June 30 th (or if such PPI data is not available for the timely implementation of the increase in Unit Price, the most recent twelve (12) month period for which such PPI data is available). Notwithstanding the foregoing, in no event shall any annual change in the Unit price for API exceed a increase in Unit Price. 
 (ii) Intentionally omitted 
 (iii) Any change in the Unit Price shall be applicable to all API delivered on or after the Price Change Date, and Purchase Orders for API ordered prior to the Price Change Date but to be delivered on or after the Price Change Date shall be modified re-issued by Customer to account for the change in Unit Price. 
 4.3 Taxes Duty . All taxes and duties deemed owing and assessed by a federal or state government agency on the Raw Materials, API or otherwise in connection with delivery of API (other than taxes based upon Supplier s income) are the responsibility of Customer, and Customer shall reimburse Supplier for any such taxes, duties or other expenses paid by Supplier. 
 4.4 Payment Terms . Supplier shall invoice Customer for each Batch of API upon Delivery. Invoices should be sent to . Unless otherwise set forth in this Agreement, Customer shall pay all undisputed invoices within days after the date of such invoice. All invoices and payments required to be paid hereunder shall be paid in US Dollars, and all such payments shall be made electronically in immediately available funds to the account specified by Supplier, unless the Parties agree to settle such payments through other means. In the event an undisputed payment is not received by Supplier within of the due date for such payment, then such unpaid, undisputed amount shall accrue interest at the rate of per month compounded monthly until paid in full. 
 4.5 Delivery Storage . Title to and risk of loss of each Batch of API shall transfer to Customer upon Delivery. If Customer does not request Supplier to ship a Batch of API upon receipt of written notice from Supplier of the API s availability to be shipped, Customer shall immediately provide a written request to Supplier to store the Batch of API using the form in Exhibit A and Supplier shall store such Batch at Supplier s facilities or Third Party storage location under commercially reasonable storage conditions (e.g., appropriate temperature and or humidity control, absence of potential contaminants) for at no cost and, thereafter, at a monthly storage charge to Customer for the duration of storage, billed at Supplier s (or Third Party s as applicable) then current standard monthly storage fees and minimums, pro-rated for any partial month. For all API stored by Supplier, absent Supplier s obligation to store the API under commercially reasonable storage conditions, Customer agrees that (i) Customer has title and risk of ownership (ii) Customer has made a fixed commitment to purchase such API (iii) Customer is responsible for any decrease in market value of such API that relates to factors and circumstances outside of Supplier s control (iv) Customer is responsible for obtaining insurance for such API during the storage period, if desired and (v) Customer is responsible for arranging transportation of the API to Customer s final destination, at the sole risk and expense of Customer. 
 4.6 Failure to Supply . Provided that Customer is not in breach of the forecasting requirements set forth in Section 3.2 of this Agreement or the Purchase Order lead times set forth in Section 3.3 of this Agreement, in the event Supplier is unable, or notifies Customer that it is unable, for any reason (except for an event of Force Majeure under Section 15.12) to supply API in accordance with the quantities and Delivery dates specified by Customer in an accepted Purchase Order, Supplier shall promptly notify Customer, and the Minimum Purchase Requirement for the 
 6 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

Contract Year in which such failure to supply occurs shall be reduced by the quantity of API set forth in such Purchase Order. 
 Article 5 NON-CONFORMING API 
 5.1 Notice of Rejection . Subject to the exception for Latent Defects below, Customer may reject a Batch of API (each, Nonconforming API solely if such Batch does not comply with the Specifications and the DMF at the time of Delivery. Customer shall inspect each Batch of API within of Delivery and shall notify Supplier in writing within such period if the Batch is Nonconforming API. The notice of rejection by Customer shall specify the reasons for rejection and be accompanied by analyses or other documentation evidencing such reasons for rejection. Promptly upon providing its notice of rejection, Customer shall return the corresponding Batch to Supplier. All shipping costs for the returned Batch shall be borne by Customer provided that Supplier shall be responsible for said costs if, pursuant to Section 5.2, (i) Supplier accepts Customer s rejection of the Batch, or (ii) the independent Third Party rules in favor of Customer. In the case of any shipment of Batch of API with defects existing at the time of Delivery that could not be reasonably discovered by Customer during its inspection pursuant to this Section 5.1 Latent Defects ), each Party shall notify the other Party of any such Latent Defect discovered by such Party promptly following such Party s discovery thereof. Supplier will, as Customer s sole and exclusive remedy for such Latent Defects, replace such Batch of API with Latent Defects until the earlier of (i) from the date of Delivery of said shipment, or (ii) the date on which such Batch of API goes into formulation. 
 5.2 Dispute Resolution . Within of receiving a notice of rejection pursuant to Section 5.1, Supplier shall respond stating whether it accepts or disputes the rejection. If Supplier, acting reasonably and in good faith, disagrees that the API is Nonconforming API, Customer and Supplier will engage individuals from each Party with authority to discuss and settle any such dispute. In the event such dispute is not settled through discussion, then the Parties will in writing agree on a mutually acceptable independent Third Party with the appropriate expertise to assess the conformity or non-conformity of the rejected API to the Specifications at the time of Delivery. The independent Third Party shall test the applicable API and the relevant Batch Records and other relevant documentation to determine whether such API complied with the Specifications at the time of Delivery. The Party against whom the independent Third Party rules shall bear the costs of testing and review by such independent Third Party. If the independent Third Party determines Customer incorrectly rejected such API, Customer shall purchase and pay for both the initially rejected API and any replacement API produced at its request. In the event Supplier agrees with Customer s rejection of a Batch of API or the independent Third Party determines that Customer rightfully rejected such Batch, Supplier shall either, as directed by Customer, (i) replace as soon as possible (and, in all events, within the rejected portion of the Batch, or (ii) credit a pro-rata portion of the amount paid by Customer with respect to such Batch based on the percentage of such Batch that is Nonconforming API. In addition, the Minimum Purchase Requirement for the Contract Year in which such Nonconforming API is discovered shall be reduced by such quantity of Nonconforming API. In the event more than one (1) Batch of API in any Contract Year includes Nonconforming API, the Minimum Purchase Requirement for that Contract Year may be reduced by the amount of such Nonconforming API provided further that if more than one (1) Batch of API in any Contract Year includes Nonconforming API in any two consecutive Contract Years, then the Minimum Purchase Requirement shall be eliminated. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the remedies set forth in the foregoing sentences shall be Customer s sole and exclusive remedies for Nonconforming API. 
 7 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

Article 6 QUALITY & REGULATORY MATTERS RECORDS 
 6.1 Quality Agreement . The Parties agree to negotiate and execute a Quality Agreement. Such Quality Agreement shall in no way determine liability or financial responsibility of the Parties for the responsibilities set forth therein. The terms of this Agreement shall govern in the event of a conflict between the provisions hereof and any provision in the Quality Agreement, except to the extent that such provision relates to compliance with cGMP requirements and or applicable regulatory laws and regulations, in which case the Quality Agreement s provision shall govern. 
 6.2 Permits Regulatory Compliance . Supplier will be responsible for obtaining and maintaining at its expense, any licenses or permits, and any regulatory or governmental approvals necessary for Supplier s manufacture of API at its manufacturing site. Customer will be responsible for maintaining full compliance with regulatory requirements as it relates to the API or its testing after Delivery. Each Party agrees to provide the other with reasonable assistance and take all reasonable actions requested by the other that are necessary or desirable to enable the other Party to comply with any law or regulation applicable to the API, or any ingredient of the API, or to the testing of the API. 
 6.3 Customer Audits . Customer shall have the right to conduct, upon not less than prior written notice and no more than each calendar year during the Term, routine non-financial audits (i) at Supplier s manufacturing site for the API solely to confirm that the manufacturing is or has been performed in compliance with applicable laws, regulations, Specifications, and as agreed to in the Quality Agreement or any other mutual understanding between the Parties, and (ii) of Supplier s non-financial records relating to the manufacture and quality control of the API as are relevant to assuring Supplier s compliance with this Agreement. Customer shall also have the right to conduct, upon not less than prior written notice for cause audits during the Term. The scope of any such for cause audit shall include all non-financial information reasonably related to the API and such cause for requesting such audit. Except with respect to the routine and for cause audits provided above, Supplier shall invoice Customer, and Customer shall pay Supplier, for any additional inspections and or audits, including any pre-approval inspections by the FDA pursuant to Section 6.6 below, rates as determined based on timing of the audit, resource demand, and any production disruption that may be caused by such an audit, such additional audits not to exceed one (1) each calendar year. Supplier will use all commercially reasonable efforts to accommodate the requested audit date. All audits shall be carried out during normal business hours and performed in such a manner as not to unduly interfere with Supplier s business. All findings from any audit conducted under this Section 6.3 shall be communicated to Supplier, in writing, within of such audit. For cause audit means audits to address a specific quality failure at Supplier s facility that directly relates to the API. 
 6.4 Recalls . Subject to the exception set forth below in this Section 6.4, in the event any regulatory authority issues, or Customer voluntarily undertakes, a recall in the Territory of any API or any finished dosage form pharmaceutical product containing API, Supplier and Customer shall fully cooperate with each other in connection therewith. Supplier shall comply with such a request, directive, order or determination, and fees associated with such compliance shall be borne by Customer. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Customer shall bear the expenses of any recall in the Territory of any API or any finished dosage form pharmaceutical product containing API, and neither Supplier nor its Affiliates will be financially responsible for the costs of, or associated with, any such recall. The foregoing portion of this Section 6.4 is subject to the following exception under which Supplier (and not Customer or its Affiliates) will be financially responsible for the costs of, or associated with, a recall. In the event any regulatory authority issues, or Supplier voluntarily undertakes, a recall in the Territory of API, wherein such recall is 
 8 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

attributed to an API defect that occurred while the API was under sole control of and solely caused by Supplier. Under such exception, Supplier and Customer shall fully cooperate with each other in connection therewith and Customer shall comply with such a request, directive, order or determination, and fees associated with such compliance shall be borne by Supplier. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Supplier shall bear the expenses of any such recall in the Territory of any API that falls within the exception listed above, and neither Customer nor its Affiliates will be financially responsible for the costs of, or associated with, any such recall. 
 6.5 Records . Supplier shall maintain adequate and accurate records covering the manufacturing of API in accordance with cGMP, the Specifications, the Quality Agreement, the DMF and Supplier s standard operating procedures. 
 6.6 Regulatory Inspections . Subject to Section 6.3, Supplier agrees to permit representatives of any relevant Regulatory Authority access, during normal business hours, to relevant records, information, personnel and facilities directly related to the manufacture of API hereunder. Supplier shall notify Customer within if a Regulatory Authority schedules, or without scheduling, begins an inspection or audit concerning the API manufactured and supplied hereunder. In addition, Supplier shall provide Customer within with a copy of any inspection report observations issued by any Regulatory Authority related to the manufacture, generation, processing, storage, transportation, distribution, treatment, disposal or other management of API supplied hereunder. Supplier will respond to all inspection report observations by any Regulatory Authority in a timely manner and take all appropriate corrective actions required by such Regulatory Authority. Supplier will provide Customer with a copy of all responses to any such inspections as soon as practicable after filing the same with the Regulatory Authorities and any follow-up correspondences with the Regulatory Authorities. 
 6.7 Drug Master Files . Supplier shall maintain the drug master file containing information related to the API submitted to the FDA, including all amendments or supplements thereto DMF ). Supplier shall provide Customer with a letter of authorization permitting Customer to reference the DMF to the extent Customer uses API manufactured pursuant to this Agreement to apply for marketing authorizations for the API in the Territory. In addition, Supplier shall provide Customer or the appropriate Regulatory Authority (as the case may be) with any and all other information reasonably requested by such Regulatory Authority and related to Supplier s manufacture of API at its facility, provided that prior to extraordinary expenses Supplier may incur while providing such assistance the Parties shall negotiate in good faith to allocate responsibility for such expenses. Supplier will promptly notify Customer of any material revisions, amendments, or additions to the DMF. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, if such revisions, amendments or additions to the DMF are required or recommended by a Regulatory Authority, Supplier will respond to such observations by any Regulatory Authority in a timely manner and take all appropriate corrective actions required by such Regulatory Authority. 
 6.8 Changes in Production . If Supplier determines it necessary, prudent or desirable to make any change to materials, processes, sources or equipment, and if such change is material to the API and or the DMF, Supplier will notify Customer of such change prior to making such change. In such cases, Customer reserves the right to increase Forecasts (including Firm Periods) and issue additional or revise Purchase Orders reflecting such updated Forecasts in order to increase ordered quantities of API in order to obtain safety stock provided that Supplier shall use commercially reasonable efforts to satisfy but shall have no obligation to fulfill any orders for quantities in excess of of the amount forecasted in the original Forecast. 
 9 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

Article 7 REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 
 7.1 Supplier . Supplier represents and warrants to Customer that (i) all API sold to Customer pursuant to this Agreement will be manufactured in accordance with cGMP, the Specifications, the Quality Agreement, and Supplier s standard operating procedures, and will meet the Specifications at the time of Delivery (ii) Supplier has conducted a commercially reasonable amount of freedom-to-operate diligence for its Product manufacturing processes, and to Supplier s actual knowledge, such processes do not infringe upon the Intellectual Property rights of any Third Party identified in such diligence (iii) excluding any application or combination of Supplier IP with Customer-provided materials or Customer s Intellectual Property, Supplier s use of Supplier IP in order to manufacture API under this Agreement will not infringe upon the Intellectual Property rights of any Third Party and (iv) it is not using and it will not use the service of any person or entity if such person or entity is debarred or otherwise excluded by the FDA (under the Generic Drug Enforcement Act of 1992) or any other Regulatory Authority in the Territory. 
 7.2 Customer . Customer represents and warrants to Supplier that Customer will comply with all applicable laws in relation to its use of the API. 
 7.3 Mutual Representations . Each Party represents and warrants that 
 (i) It is duly organized and validly existing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its incorporation and has full corporate power and authority to enter into this Agreement and to carry out the provisions hereof. 
 (ii) This Agreement is a legal and valid obligation of it, binding upon it and enforceable against it in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. 
 (iii) The execution, delivery and performance of this Agreement by it does not conflict with any agreement, instrument or understanding, oral or written, to which it is a party or by which such Party may be bound and does not violate any law or regulation of any court, governmental body, or other administrative authority having authority over it. 
 7.4 Limitations Disclaimer . THE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES SET FORTH IN THIS ARTICLE 7 ARE THE SOLE AND EXCLUSIVE REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES MADE BY EACH PARTY TO THE OTHER AND NEITHER PARTY MAKES ANY OTHER REPRESENTATIONS, WARRANTIES OR GUARANTEES OF ANY KIND WHATSOEVER, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, QUALITY, NON-INFRINGEMENT OF INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY RIGHTS OF THIRD PARTIES OR FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE. 
 Article 8 CONFIDENTIAL INFORMATION 
 8.1 Mutual Confidentiality Obligation . Supplier and Customer agree that they will not disclose the other Party s Confidential Information to any Third Party without the prior written consent of the other Party except as required by law, regulation or court or administrative order provided, however, that prior to making any such legally required disclosure, the Party making such disclosure shall give the other Party as much prior notice of the requirement for and contents of such disclosure as is practicable under the circumstances. Notwithstanding the foregoing, each Party may disclose the other Party s Confidential Information to any of its representatives or 
 10 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

Affiliates under this Agreement that (A) need to know such Confidential Information for the purpose of performing under this Agreement, and (B) agree to be bound by written confidentiality obligations no less stringent than those set forth in this Article. 
 8.2 Restrictions on use . Each Party agrees that it shall not use the other Party s Confidential Information except for purposes of fulfilling its obligations under this Agreement or as otherwise expressly contemplated by this Agreement. 
 8.3 Exclusions . Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the obligations of confidentiality and non-use under this Agreement will not apply to Confidential Information that (A) is or becomes generally available to the public or within the industry to which such information relates other than as a result of a breach of this Agreement, or (B) is already known by the receiving Party at the time of disclosure as evidenced by the receiving Party s written records, or (C) becomes available to the receiving Party on a non-confidential basis from a source that is entitled to disclose it on a non-confidential basis, or (D) was or is independently developed by or for the receiving Party without use of the disclosing Party s Confidential Information. 
 8.4 Ownership . All Confidential Information will remain the sole property of the Party disclosing such information or data. 
 8.5 Return of Confidential Information . Upon termination of this Agreement, the receiving Party shall, upon request, promptly return, within thirty (30) days, all Confidential Information, received or assessed, including any copies thereof, and cease its use, or promptly destroy the same and (if requested) certify such destruction to the disclosing Party except for a single copy thereof, which may be retained for the sole purpose of determining the scope of the obligations incurred under this Agreement. 
 8.6 Survival . The obligations of this Article 8 will terminate from the expiration or termination of this Agreement provided that Customer s confidentiality obligations under this Article 8 with respect to Supplier IP shall survive for an indefinite term. 
 Article 9 INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY 
 9.1 Supplier IP . Supplier has, and shall retain, sole and exclusive rights of ownership in and to any Supplier IP, and Customer does not acquire any license or other right to Supplier IP except to the extent necessary for the limited purpose of using API manufactured and supplied under this Agreement to manufacture, market, offer for sale, sell, distribute, import and export (as well as any other reasonably foreseeable business activity) in the Territory finished dosage form pharmaceutical products that include API. 
 9.2 No Other Licenses . Except as expressly set forth in this Agreement, nothing in this Agreement shall be deemed to grant to either Party any right or license to or under any Intellectual Property of the other Party. 
 Article 10 INDEMNIFICATION 
 10.1 Indemnification by Supplier . Supplier shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Customer and its directors, officers and employees from and against any and all losses, liabilities, damages, costs and expenses (including reasonable attorneys fees) resulting from or arising out of any suit, demand, claim or action by any Third Party Losses to the extent arising out of (i) 
 11 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

Supplier s gross negligence or willful misconduct, or (ii) Supplier s material breach of its representations or warranties under this Agreement, except, in each case, to the extent of the amount of any Losses arising out of claims for which Customer is obligated to indemnify Supplier. 
 10.2 Indemnification by Customer . Customer shall indemnify, defend and hold harmless Supplier and its directors, officers, and employees from and against any and all Losses to the extent arising out of (i) the marketing, sale, distribution, further development of or use of the API, including, but not limited to, use in human subjects, or any side effects, contraindications, illness, and or death resulting from use of the API (whether based on strict liability, inherent design defect, negligence, failure to warn, breach of contracts or any other theory of liability), (ii) infringement of Third Party Intellectual Property arising from Customer s use or sale of API, (iii) Customer s gross negligence or willful misconduct, or (iv) Customer s breach of its representations and warranties under this Agreement except, in each case, to the extent of the amount of any Losses arising out of claims for which Supplier is obligated to indemnify Customer. 
 10.3 Non-Party Subpoenas, etc . In the event a subpoena or other court order requiring personal appearance or production of documents is received by Supplier in respect of litigation that Customer is involved in and to which Supplier is not a party, Customer agrees that Supplier shall obtain its own counsel, and Customer agrees to indemnify Supplier from and against any and all reasonable costs and expenses (including reasonable legal fees and expenses) reasonably relating to responding to such subpoena and any required internal investigations. 
 10.4 Indemnification Procedures . In the event either Party seeks indemnification under the terms of this Article 10 (the Indemnified Party ), it shall inform the other Party (the Indemnifying Party of the claim within of receipt of notice of such claim, provided that failure to provide notice shall not eliminate the Indemnifying Party s obligation under this Section 10.4 except to the extent the Indemnifying Party has been prejudiced by such failure. The Indemnifying Party shall have the sole right to assume direction and control of the defense of any indemnified claim, which shall be at the Indemnifying Party s cost. The Indemnified Party shall cooperate as requested by, and at the expense of, the Indemnifying Party, in the defense of the claim. The Indemnifying Party shall not cease to defend, settle or otherwise compromise any claim or suit in any manner which requires the Indemnified Party to provide any consideration, admit fault or take any other action that would be binding on such Indemnified Party without the prior written consent of the Indemnified Party. The Indemnifying Party shall not have any obligation to the Indemnified Party under this Article 10 for any claim settled by the Indemnified Party without the Indemnifying Party s prior written consent. 
 Article 11 INSURANCE 
 Each Party shall maintain appropriate product liability and commercial general liability insurance with respect to its obligations under this Agreement as each Party customarily maintains with respect to similar activities. Each Party shall provide the other Party with evidence of such insurance upon written request. 
 Article 12 TERM AND TERMINATION 
 12.1 Term . Unless earlier terminated under Section 12.2 below, this Agreement shall commence on the Effective Date and shall continue until (i) the December 31 st immediately following the anniversary of the Commencement Date, if the Commencement Date occurs on a day other 
 12 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

than January 1 st , or (ii) the expiration of the Contract Year, if the Commencement Date occurs on January 1 st Initial Term ). By way of example, if the Commencement Date occurs on , then the Initial Term shall expire on . This Agreement shall automatically renew for an additional term of one (1) year (such one-year term being the Renewal Term ), unless either Party provides written notice of its intent not to renew the Agreement at least prior to the end of the Initial Term. The sum of the Initial Term and any such Renewal Term are collectively referred to herein as the Term of this Agreement. 
 12.2 Termination by Either Party . 
 (i) Material Breach . Either Party may terminate this Agreement effective upon prior written notice to the other Party, if the other Party commits a material breach of this Agreement and fails to cure such breach by the end of such period provided, however, that if Customer fails to pay undisputed amounts under this Agreement within after such payments are due, then Supplier shall be relieved of any further obligation to perform under this Agreement until such undisputed amounts are paid to Supplier by Customer, and such relief from performance during such period of delayed payment shall not be deemed a material breach of this Agreement. 
 (ii) Bankruptcy . Either Party may terminate this Agreement effective upon written notice to the other Party, if the other Party becomes insolvent or admits in writing its inability to pay its debts as they become due, files a petition for bankruptcy, makes an assignment for the benefit of its creditors or has a receiver, trustee or other court officer appointed for its properties or assets. 
 12.3 Effect of Termination . In the event of any termination or expiration of this Agreement, other than as a result of Supplier s material breach, bankruptcy or other insolvency event, Supplier shall be entitled to payment for (i) API previously delivered (except and to the extent that such Batch of API is finally determined to be Nonconforming API pursuant to Article 5), which payment shall be due in accordance with Section 4.4, (ii) quantities of API for any Firm Period not yet delivered, and (iii) unused Raw Materials pursuant to Section 2.5. Supplier shall deliver all other quantities of API or Raw Materials to Customer, and payment therefor shall be due within of Delivery thereof to Customer. 
 Article 13 LIMITATIONS OF LIABILITY 
 13.1 IN NO EVENT SHALL EITHER PARTY BE LIABLE TO THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS AFFILIATES FOR LOST PROFITS OR ANY SPECIAL, CONSEQUENTIAL, INCIDENTAL, PUNITIVE, INDIRECT, OR ANY OTHER SIMILAR TYPE OF DAMAGES OF THE OTHER PARTY OR ITS RELATED INDEMNIFIED PARTIES (INCLUDING ANY LOST PROFITS, DAMAGES FOR LOST BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY, OR ANY LOST REVENUES RELATING TO THE PERFORMANCE OF THIS AGREEMENT) WHETHER SUCH LIABILITY IS IN CONTRACT, TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR BREACH OF STATUTORY DUTY) OR OTHERWISE, WHETHER SUCH PARTY HAS BEEN ADVISED OF THE POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGES, OR WHETHER, IN ANY PARTICULAR SET OF CIRCUMSTANCES, SUCH DAMAGES ARE REASONABLY FORESEEABLE. THE FOREGOING WAIVER SHALL IN NO EVENT LIMIT A PARTY S INDEMNITY OBLIGATIONS HEREUNDER. 
 13.2 EXCEPT WITH RESPECT TO SUPPLIER S GROSS NEGLIGENCE, WILLFUL MISCONDUCT, OR SUPPLIER S LIABILITY TO CUSTOMER FOR LOSSES RESULTING FROM THIRD PARTY CLAIMS PURSUANT TO SUPPLIER S INDEMNIFICATION OBLIGATIONS SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 10, SUPPLIER S AGGREGATE LIABILITY 
 13 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

UNDER THIS AGREEMENT SHALL IN NO EVENT EXCEED THE TOTAL FEES PAID BY CUSTOMER TO SUPPLIER FOR THE BATCH(ES) OF API GIVING RISE TO SUCH LIABILITIES, CLAIMS OR OBLIGATIONS. 
 Article 14 NOTICE 
 All notices and other communications hereunder shall be in writing and shall be deemed given (A) when delivered personally (B) when delivered by facsimile transmission (receipt verified) (C) when received or refused, if mailed by registered or certified mail (return receipt requested), postage prepaid or (D) when delivered if sent by express courier service, to the Parties at the following addresses (or at such other address for a Party as shall be specified by like notice provided, that notices of a change of address shall be effective only upon receipt thereof) 
 To Customer Avadel CNS Pharmaceuticals, LLC 16640 Chesterfield Grove Road, Suite 200 Chesterfield, MO 63005 Attn VP, Supply Chain & Operations 
 with a copy to 
 To Supplier Euticals Inc. c o Albany Molecular Research, Inc. 26 Corporate Circle Albany, NY 12203 Attn 
 with a copy to Albany Molecular Research, Inc. 26 Corporate Circle Albany, NY 12203 Attn Legal Department 
 Article 15 MISCELLANEOUS 
 15.1 Entire Agreement Amendments . This Agreement, the attachments Exhibits and any amendments thereto constitute the entire understanding between the Parties and supersedes any contracts, agreements or understanding (oral or written) of the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof. No term of this Agreement may be amended except upon written agreement of both Parties. 
 15.2 Captions . The captions in this Agreement are for convenience only and are not to be interpreted or construed as a substantive part of this Agreement. 
 15.3 Further Assurances . The Parties agree to execute, acknowledge and deliver such further instruments and to take all such other incidental acts as may be reasonably necessary or appropriate to carry out the purpose and intent of this Agreement. 
 15.4 No Waiver . Failure by either Party to insist upon strict compliance with any term of this Agreement in any one or more instances will not be deemed to be a waiver of its rights to insist upon such strict compliance with respect to any subsequent failure. 
 14 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

15.5 Severability . If any term of this Agreement is declared invalid or unenforceable by a court or other body of competent jurisdiction, the remaining terms of this Agreement will continue in full force and effect. 
 15.6 Independent Contractors . The relationship of the Parties is that of independent contractors, and neither Party will incur any debts or make any commitments for or on behalf of the other Party except to the extent expressly provided in this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement is intended to create or will be construed as creating between the Parties the relationship of joint ventures, co-partners, employer employee or principal and agent. 
 15.7 Sub-Contractors . Supplier shall not, without the prior written consent of Customer, appoint any Third Party sub-contractor or any other Third Party to carry out its obligations under this Agreement. In the event Supplier appoints such a sub-contractor or other person to perform its obligations hereunder, Supplier shall remain liable to Customer for the performance of all its obligations and shall ensure that any such sub-contractor or other person reads and understands the implications of this Agreement. 
 15.8 Successors and Assigns . This Agreement will be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the Parties, their successors and permitted assigns, and any entity that acquires rights to the API that is the subject hereof. Neither Party may assign this Agreement, in whole or in part, without the prior written consent of the other Party, except that either Party may, without the other Party s consent, assign this Agreement to an Affiliate or to a successor to substantially all of the business or assets to which this Agreement pertains. 
 15.9 Governing Law . This Agreement shall be governed by and construed under the laws of the State of Delaware, excluding its conflicts of law provisions. 
 15.10 Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in one or more counterparts, each of which will be deemed an original but all of which together will constitute one and the same instrument. Any photocopy, facsimile or electronic reproduction of the executed Agreement shall constitute an original. 
 15.11 Survival . Termination or Expiration of this Agreement will not affect any rights and obligations of the Parties that arose prior to such termination or expiration. In addition, Articles 8 (Confidentiality), 9 (Intellectual Property), 10 (Indemnification), 11 (Insurance), 13 (Limitations of Liability), 14 (Notice), 15 (Miscellaneous) and Sections 4.5 (Delivery), 6.4 (Recalls), and 12.3 (Effect of Termination) shall survive expiration or termination of this Agreement, provided that the obligations under Article 8 shall survive only for the period stated therein. 
 15.12 Force Majeure . Except as to the Parties indemnity obligations under Article 10 and Customer s payment obligations, neither Party shall be liable in damages for, nor shall this Agreement be terminable or cancelable by reason of, any delay or default in such Party s performance hereunder if such default or delay is caused by events beyond such Party s reasonable control including, but not limited to, acts of God, regulation or law or other action or failure to act instrument. Any photocopy, facsimile or electronic reproduction of the executed Agreement shall constitute an original. 
 15.13 Survival . Termination or Expiration of this Agreement will not affect any rights and obligations of the Parties that arose prior to such termination or expiration. In addition, Articles 8 (Confidentiality), 9 (Intellectual Property), 10 (Indemnification), 11 (Insurance), 13 (Limitations of Liability), 14 (Notice), 15 (Miscellaneous) and Sections 4.5 (Delivery), 6.4 (Recalls), and 12.3 (Effect of Termination) shall survive expiration or termination of this 
 15 

Certain information indicated with in this document has been omitted from this exhibit because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type that the registrant treats as private or confidential. 

Agreement, provided that the obligations under Article 8 shall survive only for the period stated therein. 
 15.14 Force Majeure . Except as to the Parties indemnity obligations under Article 10 and Customer s payment obligations, neither Party shall be liable in damages for, nor shall this Agreement be terminable or cancelable by reason of, any delay or default in such Party s performance hereunder if such default or delay is caused by events beyond such Party s reasonable control including, but not limited to, acts of God, regulation or law or other action or failure to act of any government or agency thereof, war or insurrection, civil commotion, destruction of production facilities or materials by earthquake, fire, flood or storm, labor disturbances, epidemic, or failure of suppliers, public utilities or common carriers provided, however, that the Party seeking relief hereunder shall promptly notify the other Party of such cause(s) beyond such Party s reasonable control. The Party that may invoke this Section shall use all reasonable endeavors to reinstate its ongoing obligations to the other. If the cause(s) shall continue unabated for , then both Parties shall discuss and negotiate in good faith any required modifications to this Agreement. 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties have caused their duly authorized representative to execute this Agreement as of the dates written below. 
 Euticals Inc. Avadel CNS Pharmaceuticals, LLC By s Steve Lichter Name Steve Lichter Title President Date January 4, 2020 
 By s Thomas S. McHugh Name Thomas S. McHugh Title Officer Date January 2, 2020 

16 

</EX-10.22>

<EX-21.1>
 5
 a123122ex-211.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 

Exhibit 21.1 
 
 List of Subsidiaries 
 Name Jurisdiction Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (the Registrant) Ireland 1) Avadel US Holdings, Inc. (f k a Flamel US Holdings, Inc.) 
 United States (Delaware) B. Avadel Legacy Pharmaceuticals, LLC (f k a clat Pharmaceuticals LLC) 
 United States (Delaware) C. Avadel Management Corporation United States (Delaware) D. Avadel CNS Pharmaceuticals, LLC United States (Delaware) 2) Flamel Ireland Ltd. (d b a Avadel Ireland) 
 Ireland 3) Avadel Investment Company, Ltd. Cayman Islands 4) Avadel France Holding SAS France A. Avadel Research SAS France 5) Avadel Finance Ireland Designated Activity Company Ireland A. Avadel Finance Cayman Ltd. Cayman Islands 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 6
 a123122ex-231.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement No. 333-213154, 333-212585, 333-177591, 333-219016, 333-252956 on Form S-8, and 333-183961, 333-236258, 333-237962 and 333-267198 on Form S-3 of our reports dated March 29, 2023, relating to the consolidated financial statements of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc and the effectiveness of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc s internal control over financial reporting, appearing in the Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

s Deloitte and Touche LLP 
 St. Louis, Missouri 
 March 29, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 7
 a123122ex-311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Gregory J. Divis, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 29, 2023 
 s Gregory J. Divis Gregory J. Divis Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 8
 a123122ex-312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATION 
 RULES 13a-14(a) AND 15d-14(a) UNDER THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Thomas S. McHugh, certify that 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 Date March 29, 2023 
 s Thomas S. McHugh Thomas S. McHugh Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 9
 a123122ex-321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Gregory J. Divis, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78 o (d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Gregory J. Divis Gregory J. Divis Chief Executive Officer Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 10
 a123122ex-322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

Exhibit 32.2 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350 
 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Thomas S. McHugh, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, to the best of my knowledge, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that 
 
 (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (15 U.S.C. 78m or 78 o (d)) and 
 (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 s Thomas S. McHugh Thomas S. McHugh Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer Avadel Pharmaceuticals plc March 29, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 11
 avdl-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 12
 avdl-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 13
 avdl-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 14
 avdl-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 15
 avdl-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

