<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1178253_0000950170-23-011138.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>16082455</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>566977</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>2148843</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>7339855</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2226148</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3474824</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000950170-23-011138.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331071606
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000950170-23-011138
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		98
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SCYNEXIS INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001178253
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	PHARMACEUTICAL PREPARATIONS [2834]
		IRS NUMBER:				562181648
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-36365
		FILM NUMBER:		23783196

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 EVERTRUST PLAZA
		STREET 2:		13TH FLOOR
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07302-6548
		BUSINESS PHONE:		201-884-5485

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		1 EVERTRUST PLAZA
		STREET 2:		13TH FLOOR
		CITY:			JERSEY CITY
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			07302-6548

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000950170-23-011138.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 scyx-20221231.htm
 10-K

10-K 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 	 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 
 OR 
 	 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 FOR THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM TO 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.) 

, , 

(Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of Each Class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of Each Exchange on Which Registered 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 The aggregate market value of the voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of the registrant based upon the closing price of its Common Stock on the Nasdaq Global Market on June 30, 2022 was . Excludes 257,453 shares of the registrant's Common Stock held by executive officers and directors outstanding at June 30, 2022. Exclusion of such shares should not be construed to indicate that any such person possesses the power, direct or indirect, to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of the registrant or that such person is controlled by or under common control with the registrant. 
 As of March 1, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s Common Stock outstanding . 

SCYNEXIS, INC. 
 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 FOR THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I. 
 
 3 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 5 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 22 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 46 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 46 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 46 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 47 

PART II. 
 
 48 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 48 

Item 6. 
 [Reserved] 
 48 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 49 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 60 

Item 8. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 61 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 94 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 94 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 94 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 94 

PART III. 
 
 95 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 95 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 95 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholders Matters 
 95 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 95 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 95 

PART IV. 
 
 96 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 96 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 99 

Signatures 
 
 100 

PART I 
 SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 This Annual Report on Form 10-K contains forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, which are subject to the safe harbor created by those sections. Forward-looking statements are based on our management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management. In some cases, you can identify forward-looking statements by terms such as may, will, should, could, would, expect, expectations, plan, anticipate, believe, estimate, project, predict, potential and similar expressions intended to identify forward-looking statements. These statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors which may cause our actual results, performance, time frames or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance, time frames or achievements expressed or implied by the forward-looking statements. We discuss many of these risks, uncertainties and other factors in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail under the heading Risk Factors. Given these risks, uncertainties and other factors, you should not place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements. Also, these forward-looking statements represent our estimates and assumptions only as of the date of this filing. You should read this Annual Report on Form 10-K completely and with the understanding that our actual future results may be materially different from what we expect. We hereby qualify our forward-looking statements by our cautionary statements. Except as required by law, we assume no obligation to update these forward-looking statements publicly, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. 
 In addition, statements that we believe and similar statements reflect our beliefs and opinions on the relevant subject. These statements are based upon information available to us as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and while we believe such information forms a reasonable basis for such statements, such information may be limited or incomplete, and our statements should not be read to indicate that we have conducted an exhaustive inquiry into, or review of, all potentially available relevant information. These statements are inherently uncertain and investors are cautioned not to unduly rely upon these statements. 
 RISK FACTOR SUMMARY 
 Risks and uncertainties we face are set forth in this Annual Report on Form 10-K in greater detail under the heading Risk Factors. The following is a summary of these risk factors: 
 Risks Relating to Our Financial Condition and Need for Additional Capital 
 We have entered into a License Agreement with GSK, which is subject to closing conditions, including expiration or termination of the HSR waiting period, and if we are not able to close the transaction contemplated by the License Agreement we will not be able to receive the benefits expected from the License Agreement, which would materially and adversely affect our prospects for generating revenue from BREXAFEMME and ibrexafungerp. 

We have never been profitable, we have only one product approved for commercial sale, and to date we have generated limited revenue from product sales. As a result, our ability to curtail our losses and reach profitability is unproven, and we may never achieve or sustain profitability. 

We will continue to require substantial additional capital and if we are unable to raise capital when needed, we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our development programs for ibrexafungerp; 

Our operating activities may be restricted as a result of covenants related to the indebtedness under our senior convertible notes and our loan payable. We may be required to repay the notes and our loan payable in an event of default, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business, statement of operation, and our balance sheet; and 

Unfavorable U.S. and global economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to access capital . 

Risks Relating to the Development, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates For Human Use 
 We cannot be certain that certain indications for ibrexafungerp will receive regulatory approval in the indications we are pursuing, and without regulatory approval, we will not be able to market ibrexafungerp for these indications. 

3 

Regulatory approval is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process, and there is no guarantee that ibrexafungerp will be approved by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) for the indications we are pursuing. 

Delays in the commencement, enrollment and completion of clinical trials could result in increased costs to us and delay or limit our ability to obtain regulatory approval for ibrexafungerp or any future product candidates. 

Clinical failure can occur at any stage of clinical development. Because the results of earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, any product candidate we or our current or potential future partners advance through clinical trials may not have favorable results in later clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. 

We have only submitted one NDA before, and we may be unable to do so for ibrexafungerp in additional indications or any future product candidate we may seek to develop. 

If BREXAFEMME or any other future product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval do not achieve broad market acceptance, the revenue that is generated from their sales will be limited. 

If resistance to ibrexafungerp develops quickly or cross-resistance with echinocandins becomes more common, our business will be harmed. 

If we are unable to obtain regulatory approval of both the oral and IV formulations of ibrexafungerp, ibrexafungerp may not achieve broad market acceptance and sales will be limited. 

Our product candidates may have undesirable side effects that may delay or prevent marketing approval, or, if approval is received, require them to be taken off the market or otherwise limit their sales. 

We have one marketed drug, BREXAFEMME for the treatment of VVC and RVVC, and if we are unable to close the License Agreement with GSK or enter into an acceptable licensing arrangement with another company, we may not be able to successfully continue to commercialize BREXAFEMME for these indications. 

If we are unable to establish an effective marketing infrastructure, we may not be able to successfully commercialize ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop. 

We expect that BREXAFEMME and any future product candidates we may seek to develop will face competition, and most of our competitors have significantly greater resources than we do. 

Reimbursement decisions by third-party payors may have an adverse effect on pricing and market acceptance in the United States for BREXAFEMME, ibrexafungerp, and any future product candidates we may seek to develop. If there is not sufficient reimbursement for our products, it is less likely that our products will be purchased by patients and/or providers. 

Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We are dependent on our existing third-party collaborations for drug development and to commercialize ibrexafungerp, and if these third-parties do not perform well under these collaborations, or our prospects may be harmed. 

As we do not intend to own or operate facilities for manufacturing, storage and distribution of drug substance or drug product, we are dependent on third parties for the manufacture of ibrexafungerp. If we experience problems with any of these third parties, the commercial manufacturing of ibrexafungerp could be delayed. 

Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property 
 We were dependent on Merck for the establishment of our intellectual property rights related to ibrexafungerp, and if Merck did not establish our intellectual property rights with sufficient scope to protect ibrexafungerp, we may have limited or no ability to assert intellectual property rights to ibrexafungerp. 

It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 

We may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights and we may be unable to enforce or protect our rights to, or use, our technology. 

Risks Related to Employee Matters and Managing Growth 
 4 

We may not be able to manage our business effectively if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel. 

We may need to expand our operations and increase the size of our company, and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 

Other Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We may face potential product liability exposure, and if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability for a product candidate and may have to limit its commercialization. 

Our internal computer systems, or those used by our contract research organizations or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches. 

Our insurance policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 

Our research and development activities could be affected or delayed as a result of possible restrictions on animal testing. 

We are subject to stringent and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and other adverse business consequences. 

Our business may be adversely affected by the continuation of the exposure to COVID-19, in regions where we or third parties on which we rely have significant concentrations of clinical trial sites, manufacturing facilities, or other business operations. 

ITEM 1. 	 BUSINESS 
 Overview 
 SCYNEXIS, Inc. is pioneering innovative medicines to potentially help millions of patients worldwide in need of new options to overcome and prevent difficult-to-treat and drug-resistant infections. We are developing our lead product candidate, ibrexafungerp, as a broad-spectrum, intravenous (IV)/oral agent for multiple fungal indications in both the community and hospital settings. In June 2021 and December 2022, we announced that the FDA approved BREXAFEMME (ibrexafungerp tablets) for treatment of patients with vulvovaginal candidiasis (VVC), also known as vaginal yeast infection, and for the reduction in the incidence of recurrent vulvovaginal candidiasis (RVVC), respectively. In October 2022, we announced that we were actively pursuing a U.S. commercialization partner to out-license BREXAFEMME in order to refocus our resources on the further clinical development of ibrexafungerp for severe, hospital-based indications, while keeping BREXAFEMME on the market and available to patients, and have ceased actively promoting BREXAFEMME. 
 On March 30, 2023, we entered into a license agreement (the License Agreement) with GlaxoSmithKline Intellectual Property (No. 3) Limited (GSK). Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, we granted GSK an exclusive (even as to us and our affiliates), royalty-bearing, sublicensable license for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of ibrexafungerp, including the approved product BREXAFEMME, for all indications, in all countries other than Greater China and certain other countries already licensed to third parties (the GSK Territory). If the existing licenses granted to or agreements with third parties are terminated with respect to any country, GSK will have an exclusive first right to negotiate with us to add those additional countries to the GSK Territory. We retain rights to all other assets, with GSK receiving a right of first negotiation (ROFN) to any other enfumafungin-derived compounds or products that we may control. Under the terms of the License Agreement, we are responsible for the execution and costs of the on-going clinical studies of ibrexafungerp for multiple indications, including the treatment of life-threatening invasive fungal infections caused primarily by Candida spp. (including C. auris and Aspergillus spp. in hospitalized patients, and we have the potential to receive success-based milestones to offset those costs. The consummation of the transactions under the License Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act); provided, that either we or GSK may terminate the License Agreement if expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has not occurred within nine months of the signing of the License Agreement. The parties expect the transactions contemplated by the License Agreement to close in the second quarter of 2023 (such closing, the GSK Closing). 
 Under the terms of the License Agreement, we will receive an upfront payment of 90 million. We are also eligible to receive potential: 
 regulatory approval milestone payments of up to 70 million; 

5 

commercial milestone payments of up to 115 million based on first commercial sale in invasive candidiasis (U.S./EU); 

and sales milestone payments of up to 242.5 million based on annual net sales, with a total of 77.5 million to be paid upon achievement of multiple thresholds up through 200 million; a total of 65 million to be paid upon achievement of multiple thresholds between 300 million and 500 million; and 50 million to be paid at each threshold of 750 million and 1 billion. 

We will be responsible for the execution and costs of the ongoing clinical studies of ibrexafungerp but will have the potential to receive up to 75.5 million in success-based development milestones, which are comprised of up to 65 million for the achievement of three interim milestones associated with our continued performance of the ongoing MARIO Study and 10.5 million for the successful completion of the MARIO Study. See further details of the License Agreement as described in Collaborations and Licensing Agreements Associated with Our Core Drug Development Operations - GSK below. 
 We, Hercules Capital, Inc. (Hercules Capital) and Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. (SVB) are party to a Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 13, 2021 (the Loan Agreement), pursuant to which Hercules Capital, SVB and each of the other lenders from time-to-time party to the Loan and Security Agreement (collectively, the Lenders) loaned to us 35 million. In connection with the entering into of the License Agreement, we entered into a First Amendment and Consent to Loan and Security Agreement with the Lenders pursuant to which the Lenders consented to us entering into the License Agreement and we agreed to pay to the Lenders an amount equal to the sum of (i) all outstanding principal plus all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the amounts loaned under the Loan Agreement (approximately 35.4 million), (ii) the prepayment fee payable under Loan Agreement 262,500), (iii) the final payment payable under Loan Agreement 1,382,500), and (iv) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable with respect to loan advances under the Loan Agreement. These payments by us will become due upon the earliest of (A) one business day following receipt by us of the 90 million upfront payment payable to us under the License Agreement, (B) June 1, 2023, or (C) the termination of the License Agreement. 
 Ibrexafungerp, the first representative of a novel class of antifungal agents called triterpenoids, is a structurally distinct glucan synthase inhibitor and has shown in vitro and in vivo activity against a broad range of human fungal pathogens such as Candida and Aspergillus genera, including multidrug-resistant strains, as well as Pneumocystis, Coccidioides, Histoplasma and Blastomyces genera. Candida and Aspergillus genera are the fungi responsible for approximately 85 of all invasive fungal infections in the United States (U.S.) and Europe. To date, we have characterized the antifungal activity, pharmacokinetics, and safety profile of the oral and IV formulations of ibrexafungerp in multiple in vitro , in vivo , and clinical studies. The FDA has granted Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) and Fast Track designations to ibrexafungerp for the indications of VVC (including the prevention of recurrent VVC), invasive candidiasis (IC) (including candidemia), and invasive aspergillosis (IA), and has granted Orphan Drug designations for the IC and IA indications. The European Medicines Agency has granted Orphan Medicinal Product designation to ibrexafungerp for IC and the Medicines and Healthcare Regulatory Agency has granted ibrexafungerp the Innovation Passport designation for the treatment of IC. These designations may provide us (or GSK following the GSK Closing) with additional market exclusivity and/or expedited regulatory paths. 
 BREXAFEMME 
 In June 2021, the FDA approved BREXAFEMME for use in patients with VVC. This approval was based on positive results from two Phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center studies (VANISH-303 and VANISH-306), in which oral ibrexafungerp demonstrated statistically superior efficacy compared to placebo and a favorable tolerability profile in women with VVC. The FDA granted BREXAFEMME five years of exclusivity extension under the Generating Antibiotic Incentives Now (GAIN) Act, which is added to five years of new chemical entity (NCE) exclusivity, for a combined ten-year period of regulatory exclusivity. BREXAFEMME also is protected by multiple patents, including a composition-of-matter patent covering the ibrexafungerp molecule. With patent term extension, this patent is expected to expire in 2035, providing an expected 13 years of protection from generic competitors in the U.S. In December 2022, we announced that the FDA approved a second indication for BREXAFEMME for the reduction in the incidence of RVVC. This approval was based on positive results from the pivotal Phase 3 CANDLE study that evaluated the safety and efficacy of monthly dosing of ibrexafungerp to reduce the incidence of RVVC. 
 In October 2022, we announced that we were actively pursuing a U.S. commercialization partner to out-license BREXAFEMME in order to refocus our resources on the further clinical development of ibrexafungerp for severe, hospital-based indications, while keeping BREXAFEMME on the market and available to patients, and have ceased actively promoting BREXAFEMME. As a result, we wound down our promotional activities associated with BREXAFEMME and we concluded the partnership with our contracted commercial sales partner, Amplity Health (Amplity), on November 30, 2022. On March 30, 2023, we entered into the License Agreement with GSK. Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, we granted GSK an exclusive (even as to us and our affiliates), royalty-bearing, sublicensable license for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of ibrexafungerp, including the approved product BREXAFEMME, for all indications, in the GSK Territory. 
 6 

Our Platform of Indications 
 Ibrexafungerp Hospital and Community Clinical Programs 
 We continue to actively advance our clinical programs, leveraging the potential of ibrexafungerp to be a suitable treatment for multiple indications with significant unmet medical needs and considerable commercial opportunities. The following illustration summarizes the status of the indications for ibrexafungerp currently being pursued in the hospital and community settings, as well as our current expectations regarding the time of reporting data and, if the data supports it, the potential filing of an NDA and FDA approval (or, following the GSK Closing, if consistent with GSK s strategy, the potential filing of an NDA by GSK and, if GSK submits an NDA at such time, the potential FDA approval): 
 
 Invasive Candidiasis and/or Candidemia 
 Enrollment is continuing in our prospective, randomized, double-blind, global Phase 3 study to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of oral ibrexafungerp as a step-down therapy for patients with IC including candidemia following IV echinocandin therapy in the hospital compared to currently available therapies (the MARIO study). Eligible patients with IC will receive treatment with IV echinocandin and will then be switched to either oral ibrexafungerp or a standard of care option, either oral fluconazole or best available therapy (BAT) for subjects with infections caused by fluconazole non-susceptible strains, once step-down criteria are met. Approximately 220 patients will be enrolled and randomized in the study, and we expect topline results in the first half of 2024 and a potential approval by the end of 2024. 
 The primary objective of the study is to determine whether treatment of IC with IV echinocandins followed by oral ibrexafungerp is as effective as treatment with IV echinocandins followed by oral fluconazole (or BAT), the current standard of care. The primary end point of the study will be all-cause mortality at 30 days after initiation of antifungal therapy. 
 Refractory Invasive Fungal Infections (rIFI) 
 We achieved a target enrollment of 200 patients in our Phase 3 FURI study as well as the target enrollment of 30 patients in our Phase 3 CARES study. We anticipate study completion activities for both studies in the first half of 2023 follow by a Data Review Committee review and topline data in the first half of 2024. The data from the MARIO study along with data from FURI and CARES studies are intended to be supportive of an NDA submission in 2024 with an anticipated first approval for an indication in the hospital setting later in 2024. 
 The FURI study is evaluating oral ibrexafungerp as a salvage treatment in patients with a variety of difficult-to-treat mucocutaneous and invasive fungal infections that are refractory to or intolerant of current standards of care, or require a non-azole oral step-down therapy for treatment of azole-resistant species. The CARES study is focused on hospitalized patients with invasive candidiasis caused by the multidrug-resistant Candida auris organism, which is associated with high mortality, and the 
 7 

interim analysis was the first clinical trial data of an investigational treatment against infections caused by Candida auris . Candida auris has been recently declared an Urgent Threat to public health by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) in its report, Antibiotic Resistance Threats in the United States, 2019, as it can be multidrug-resistant, has resulted in high mortality rates (up to 60 ), and can be spread from patients (and surfaces) to patients, resulting in hospital outbreaks. The CARES study is intended to provide rapid access to oral ibrexafungerp for patients suffering from this life-threatening infection. 
 The open-label designs of the FURI and CARES studies permit evaluation of the data on an interim basis to further inform subsequent regulatory steps of the development program. We believe that compelling data from the FURI and/or CARES studies could allow ibrexafungerp to become eligible for the regulatory LPAD, potentially enabling an NDA submission (which would be by GSK following the GSK Closing) based on streamlined development. The LPAD was established under the 21st Century Cures Act of 2016, and FDA draft guidance issued in June 2019 suggests smaller, shorter or fewer clinical trials may be appropriate to support approval to treat a serious or life-threatening infection in a limited population with unmet needs. Positive clinical findings from these the FURI and CARES studies have so far reinforced the potential role of oral ibrexafungerp as a novel therapy to combat severe and difficult-to-treat fungal infections, including multidrug-resistant Candida auris . 
 Invasive Aspergillosis 
 Based on promising pre-clinical data from combination use of ibrexafungerp with voriconazole, the current standard of care, vs. Aspergillus spp., we are conducting a Phase 2 study (SCYNERGIA study) of oral ibrexafungerp in combination with voriconazole in patients with IA. This study is a randomized, double-blind trial with the objective of assessing the safety and efficacy of oral ibrexafungerp in combination with voriconazole, compared to voriconazole alone. We believe that ibrexafungerp s broad activity against Aspergillus spp., including azole-resistant strains, along with its minimal drug-drug interactions, high tissue penetration into the lungs, and oral formulation allowing for long-term administration, may make it an ideal candidate for use as combination therapy to provide improved outcomes vs. standard of care. 
 We have completed the enrollment of SCYNERGIA, although the number of patients is smaller than initially projected. The prioritization of hospital resources toward addressing COVID-19 has impacted the ability of many institutions to focus on screening and enrolling patients into some clinical trials, including SCYNERGIA. We expect to provide topline data for SCYNERGIA in the first half of 2023. 
 IV Ibrexafungerp Development Program 
 We have completed a Phase 1 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled single and multiple ascending dose study evaluating the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of the liposomal IV formulation of ibrexafungerp in 64 healthy subjects with treatment durations of up to seven days. The liposomal IV formulation of ibrexafungerp was designed to optimize tolerability and address dose-limiting infusion site irritation adverse events observed with previous formulations. The study was conducted in South Africa and dosing began in March 2021 and the last cohort was completed in October 2021. The liposomal IV formulation of ibrexafungerp was generally well tolerated with no serious adverse events reported. The most common adverse events were mostly mild (a few moderate) reactions at the infusion site. The dosing was successfully progressed until the target exposure was achieved (i.e., exposure associated with efficacy from animal models). Should the GSK Closing not occur, we are planning to begin a Phase 2 study of the liposomal IV formulation in 2023. 
 Treatment of VVC 
 In the second quarter of 2022, enrollment began in a new Phase 3b, open-label, multicenter study (VANQUISH) to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of oral ibrexafungerp as a treatment for complicated VVC in patients who have failed treatment with fluconazole, based on mycological and clinical outcomes. The VANQUISH study will enroll approximately 150 complicated VVC patients who will receive 600 mg of oral ibrexafungerp for one, three or seven consecutive days determined by their underlying complicating condition, including immunocompromised state. Complicated patients include patients with recurrent VVC, those with VVC caused by non-albicans Candida species and those with diabetes, immunocompromising conditions (e.g., HIV), or immunosuppressive therapy (e.g., corticosteroids). The VANQUISH study will be conducted in approximately 25 centers in the U.S. and we are targeting to have data from this study in the first half of 2024. 
 Preclinical Developments 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we announced that a 3.0 million National Institutes of Health (NIH) grant was awarded to Case Western Reserve University researchers to study our second generation fungerp (SCY-247). SCY-247 is a broad-spectrum, antifungal under development by us and has as a potential oral and IV systemic therapeutic option for multiple drug-resistant pathogens. The grant is intended the further characterize the potential of SCY-247 to fight Candida auris , a multidrug-resistant pathogen named as an urgent threat by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and included in the critical priority group on the World Health Organization (WHO) fungal priority pathogens list (FPPL). Previous preclinical investigations 
 8 

with SCY-247 have reported potent antifungal activity in in vitro studies, favorable pharmacokinetic profile and promising efficacy in mice models of invasive candidiasis. We plan to continue progressing the development of SCY-247 as a next generation fungerp in the fight against life-threatening fungal diseases. 
 Key Development Milestones 
 We are seeking to achieve the following key milestones in the next 12 months: 
 close the transactions contemplated by the License Agreement with GSK in the second quarter of 2023; 

continue to advance enrollment of the MARIO study, a global Phase 3 study to evaluate ibrexafungerp as an oral step-down treatment for IC in the hospital setting; 

provide topline data for the FURI and CARES studies in first half of 2024; 

should the GSK Closing not occur, initiate a Phase 2 study of the liposomal IV formulation of ibrexafungerp in 2023; and 

provide topline data for the Phase 2 SCYNERGIA study in the first half of 2023. 

Our Strategy 
 Key elements of our strategy include: 
 to close the transactions contemplated by the License Agreement with GSK in the second quarter of 2023; 

to further develop ibrexafungerp and obtain regulatory approval in major commercial markets for our key indications: invasive candidiasis, refractory invasive fungal infections, and invasive aspergillosis; 

should the GSK Closing not occur, to contract with commercial partners to develop and commercialize ibrexafungerp outside of the U.S.; 

to leverage our strong scientific team to pursue the development of other internal proprietary compounds; and 

to assess external opportunities for in-licensing to expand our development pipeline and add products for commercialization. 

Ibrexafungerp Target Product Profile 
 Ibrexafungerp, the first agent in a novel antifungal class, acts through the inhibition of the glucan synthase complex, an established target in antifungal therapeutics. Ibrexafungerp is being developed as oral and IV formulations and has demonstrated potent activity against a large collection of medically relevant strains of Candida and Aspergillus genera, including multidrug-resistant strains, as well as Pneumocystis, Coccidioides, Histoplasma and Blastomyces genera. Additionally, ibrexafungerp has shown in vitro , in vivo and clinical activity against multidrug-resistant organisms such as Candida auris and synergistic/additive activity in combination with isavuconazole against Aspergillus strains and in 
 9 

combination with amphotericin B against fungi causing mucormycosis. Ibrexafungerp has unique attributes that define its potential to address significant unmet medical needs and provide considerable commercial opportunities, including: 
 oral bioavailability, unlike other glucan synthase inhibitors, allowing for convenient long-term outpatient use; 

broad activity against Candida, Aspergillus, Pneumocystis, Coccidioides, Histoplasma and Blastomyces strains; 

distinct chemical structure from other glucan synthase inhibitors, providing a unique spectrum of activity and pharmacokinetic profile; 

activity against azole-resistant and most echinocandin-resistant Candida strains, including Candida auris and multidrug-resistant strains; 

activity against azole-resistant Aspergillus strains; 

fungicidal (i.e., killing the fungi) capabilities against the Candida genus compared to azoles, which are fungistatic (i.e., only inhibiting the growth of fungi); 

high tissue penetration, allowing high concentrations in the organs commonly affected by fungal infections; 

generally well tolerated with over 1,600 subjects and patients exposed; and 

20-hour half-life with a low risk of drug-drug interactions. 

We believe that ibrexafungerp, if approved, has the potential to address significant gaps with commercially available therapies in the following indications: 
 invasive candidiasis (including resistant infections); 

invasive aspergillosis (including resistant infections); and 

refractory invasive fungal infections. 

In the future, we (or our licensee GSK following the GSK Closing) may also consider other indications for ibrexafungerp for which longer oral antifungal regimens are typically needed and would benefit from the broad-spectrum activity, favorable safety profile and low potential for drug-drug interactions, including for the treatment of chronic fungal infections and for prophylaxis. 
 For the treatment of invasive fungal infections, we expect that prescribing physicians will be located at major medical centers, where physicians specializing in critical care, infectious disease specialists, and physicians treating immune compromised or immuno-suppressed patients, such as oncologists and those performing solid organ transplants and stem cell transplants, are likely to be found. 
 Market Opportunity 
 Vaginal Yeast Infections 
 VVC, commonly known as a vaginal yeast infection due to Candida , is the second most common cause of vaginitis. Although these infections are frequently caused by Candida albicans , infections caused by fluconazole-resistant and non-albicans Candida strains, such as Candida glabrata , have been reported to be on the rise. An estimated 70-75 of women worldwide will have at least one episode of VVC in their lifetime, and 40-50 of them will experience multiple episodes. VVC can be associated with substantial morbidity, including significant genital discomfort (pain, itching, burning), reduced sexual pleasure and activity, psychological distress (stress, depression, anxiety), embarrassment, reduced physical activity, and loss of productivity. Typical VVC symptoms include pruritus, vaginal soreness, irritation, excoriation of vaginal mucosa and abnormal vaginal discharge. 
 Current treatments for VVC include several topical azole antifungals and oral fluconazole, which is the only (other than BREXAFEMME) orally administered antifungal currently approved for the treatment of VVC in the U.S. and which accounts for over 90 of the prescriptions for VVC written each year, primarily by obstetrician and gynecologist (OGBYN) offices. Fluconazole reported a 55 therapeutic cure rate in its label, which now also includes warnings of potential fetal harm, illustrating the need for new oral alternatives. In addition, there are many women with persistent (chronic) infections, recurrent infections (four or more recurrences in a 12-month period), non- albicans / azole-resistant Candida strains (e.g., Candida glabrata ), diabetic patients, especially with poorly controlled glycemia, and obese patients that could potentially benefit from a non-azole treatment. Except for BREXAFEMME, there are only azole class treatments available for women suffering from VVC with no other approved alternative class in the U.S. When a patient fails fluconazole therapy, patients typically are treated with more fluconazole or a topical azole. Women with VVC could benefit from a non-azole, and preferably oral, treatment option. 
 10 

We believe BREXAFEMME has the potential to address vaginal yeast infections across a broad range of patients and could be an ideal treatment option for many patients for whom current treatment options are suboptimal. Despite yeast infections being so common and prevalent, with millions of women suffering from it every year, it is still an under-appreciated, under-reported, and under-served women s health condition. Treatments for VVC have historically included several topical azole antifungals and oral fluconazole. Approximately 80 of VVC sufferers will have more than one yeast infection and over a third of women may have six yeast infections or more in a lifetime. There are over 17 million prescriptions written for VVC in the U.S. annually, all of which (prior to BREXAFEMME) belonged to a single drug class, the azoles. There had been no new oral treatment for VVC in over 25 years other than BREXAFEMME, and we believe health care providers are eager for a novel oral alternative to treat their patients. 
 BREXAFEMME is the first and only approved oral, non-azole treatment for vaginal yeast infections. We believe that BREXAFEMME s unique combination of features, including being from a novel class with a different mechanism of action, single-day oral dosing, broad spectrum, and fungicidal activity in all Candida species albicans and non- albicans including fluconazole-resistant strains, differentiates it from competing products. 
 Invasive Candidiasis / rIFI 
 Treatment options for invasive candidiasis are limited to three main drug classes: echinocandins, azoles, and amphotericin B. The echinocandins are considered the first line recommended therapy in most invasive candidiasis settings. Because the echinocandins can be administered only intravenously, orally administered azoles are often used as step-down agents after initial IV echinocandin therapy. However, antifungal treatment duration for invasive candidiasis typically extends for several weeks and patients for whom the azoles are not a suitable therapy due to resistance, intolerance, or risk of drug-to-drug interaction are restricted to use IV therapy for several weeks. Amphotericin B is also only available via IV administration and is associated with a significant risk of renal toxicity and infusion reactions, making it an unsuitable option in settings where there is underlying, or high risk of, renal impairment. Due to significant monitoring issues, Amphotericin B is also less desirable for outpatient parenteral administration. The echinocandins are typically well tolerated but clinical resistance is rising in many centers, due to development of mutations in the fks genes leading to echinocandin resistance and shift species with natural resistance as well as the rise of novel drug resistant species, such as Candida auris . When resistance develops, the available treatment options may be less efficacious or more toxic. The phenomenon of multi-drug resistance is also reported among isolates of different species of Candida , making the management of patients suffering from these infections extraordinarily challenging, considering the very limited treatment options available. Specifically, 90 of Candida auris isolates have been reported to be resistant to at least one antifungal agent and 30 isolates resistant to at least two antifungals. 
 There is a clear need for new antifungal treatment options for patients with invasive candidiasis that are refractory or intolerant to available therapies as well as for those who would benefit from oral therapy. We believe ibrexafungerp has the potential to address many of these unmet needs by providing a well-tolerated oral antifungal agent, with low risk for drug-drug interactions that has activity against azole-resistant and most echinocandin-resistant strains. 
 Invasive Aspergillosis 
 Current treatment guidelines for IA in the U.S. and in Europe recommend the use of azoles (itraconazole, voriconazole or isavuconazole) as the initial first-line therapy. However, patients face unsatisfactory clinical outcomes with mortality rates ranging from 30 to 80 (depending on the stage of infection and the host underlying disease) and long treatment durations. Additionally, current azole therapies often exhibit drug-drug interactions, and the recent emergence of A. fumigatus azole-resistance is increasingly becoming of clinical concern worldwide. 
 Due to the significant rate of resistance in some countries, combination antifungal therapy as first-line treatment for patients suspected of IA is recommended. The combination of voriconazole or isavuconazole with a glucan synthesis inhibitor agent (IV echinocandin) is recommended at least until results of resistance testing are obtained. A previous study, by Marr et al. in IA patients demonstrated that the combination of an IV echinocandin and an IV/oral azole for two weeks followed by an oral azole alone for four additional weeks improved outcomes in certain patient subgroups. In this study, the combination regimen was given for only two weeks because of the limitations of using an IV echinocandin long-term in the outpatient setting. We believe that oral ibrexafungerp, if approved in combination with standard of care for the treatment of IA, would allow patients to receive the desired combination treatment of two agents with different mechanisms of action for the full six to twelve weeks of therapy, potentially leading to better outcomes. 
 Competition for Ibrexafungerp 
 Our competitors include large pharmaceutical and biotechnology companies, and specialty pharmaceutical and generic drug companies. The leading antifungal drugs representing each main class are as follows: 
 Azoles. Noxafil (posaconazole) marketed by Merck and Cresemba (isavuconazole), approved in the U.S. and other global markets and marketed by Astellas in the U.S.; Diflucan (fluconazole), Pfizer, off-patent with multiple generics, 
 11 

Terazol (terconazole), Jannsen, off-patent with multiple generics, Gynazole (butoconazole), Perrigo, off patent with multiple generics; 
 Echinocandins . Cancidas (caspofungin), a product that became generic in March 2017, and Mycamine (micafungin), a generic product. Pfizer markets the echinocandin Eraxis (anidulafungin); and 
 Polyenes . AmBisome (liposomal amphotericin B), a product sold by Gilead in Europe, by Astellas in the U.S. and by Dainippon-Sumitomo in Japan. 
 Pfizer, Merck, Astellas, and Gilead are all large pharmaceutical companies with significant experience and financial resources in the marketing and sale of specialty pharmaceuticals. Various other producers market and sell generic oral voriconazole, fluconazole and itraconazole. 
 The VVC market has three generic prescription agents, fluconazole (oral), terconazole and butoconazole (topical), manufactured by multiple generic companies. There is limited to no marketing to support these generic products. In 2022, oral oteseconazole (brand name Vivjoa), developed and marketed by Mycovia Pharmaceuticals, Inc., was approved for the reduction in the incidence of recurrent vulvovaginal candidiasis in women who are not of reproductive potential. Recently, in March 2023, the long-acting IV echinocandin Rezafungin (brand name Rezzayo) being developed by Cidara Therapeutics, Inc.and marketed by Melinta Therapeutics, was approved for the treatment of candidemia and invasive candidiasis in adults with limited or no alternative treatment options. Other antifungals in development include Fosmanogepix (APX-001) being developed by Amplyx Pharmaceuticals Inc., the polyene amphotericin B oral formulation MAT2203 being developed by Matinas BioPharma Holdings Inc., and Olorofim (F901318) being developed by F2G Limited. These companies may have greater resources than ours. 
 We believe that ibrexafungerp has the ability to perform well in the future fungal infection market given the limited competitive marketplace, the unmet medical need, and the often high mortality rate of many of these infections. The key competitive factors affecting the success of ibrexafungerp, if approved, are likely to be its efficacy, safety, convenience, use in outpatient settings, the level of generic competition and the availability of reimbursement from government and other third-party payors. If approved, we believe that ibrexafungerp s unique features, including being from a novel antifungal class, broad-spectrum of activity including resistant strains, IV and oral formulations, fungicidal activity versus Candida , high tissue penetration, and favorable safety profile, will differentiate it from competing products and allow premium pricing to generics and other competing products. 
 The commercial opportunity for ibrexafungerp could be reduced or eliminated if competitors develop and commercialize products that are safer, more effective, have fewer or less severe side effects, are more convenient or are less expensive than products that we or GSK may develop. Competitors also may obtain FDA, or other regulatory, approval for their products more rapidly than we or GSK obtains approval for our ibrexafungerp products. In addition, the commercial success of ibrexafungerp may be affected because in many cases insurers or other third-party payors seek to encourage the use of generic products. In the azole class, fluconazole, itraconazole, posaconazole, and oral voriconazole are generic. Caspofungin, the largest selling echinocandin, is now available on a generic basis. If approved, we believe ibrexafungerp will be capable of delivering value supportive of premium pricing over competitive generic products. 
 Manufacturing and Supply of Ibrexafungerp 
 We have agreements with external vendors that are capable of supplying drug substance and of producing drug product to support ongoing and planned clinical trials, as well as for commercial product. However, we do not own or operate and do not intend to own or operate facilities for manufacturing, storage and distribution, or testing of drug substance or drug product. We have relied on third-party contract manufacturers for synthesis of our clinical compounds and manufacture of drug product. We expect to continue to rely on either existing or alternative third-party manufacturers to supply ibrexafungerp for our performance of clinical trials and for supplying GSK needs for clinical and commercial product until it obtains its own source of supply. 
 Ibrexafungerp is a semi-synthetic compound. Thus, the manufacturing process for ibrexafungerp involves fermentation and synthetic chemical steps. The synthetic process does not require any specialized equipment and uses readily sourced intermediates. At commercial scale, we expect cost of goods for ibrexafungerp to be similar to that of other small molecule drugs. We have negotiated agreements with our primary contract manufacturers to produce both drug product and drug substance for our current clinical trials and for GSK s clinical and commercial needs. 
 We estimate our supplies on hand as well as those we plan to produce for the oral formulation of ibrexafungerp are sufficient to supply our ongoing clinical trials as well as to support GSK s clinical and commercial needs. Additional batches of both oral and IV ibrexafungerp drug product will be manufactured as needed to support the subsequent stages of clinical development plan and commercial supply requirements. 
 12 

A drug manufacturing program subject to extensive governmental regulations requires robust quality assurance systems and experienced personnel with the relevant technical and regulatory expertise as well as strong project management skills. We believe we have a team that is capable of managing these activities until GSK assumes responsibility for them pursuant to the License Agreement. 
 The primary third-party vendors with which we have agreements in place to support manufacturing and supply both for clinical development and commercial needs have the required capabilities with respect to facilities, equipment and technical expertise, quality systems that meet global regulatory and compliance requirements, satisfactory regulatory inspection history from relevant health authorities and proven track records in supplying drug substance and drug product for late-stage clinical and commercial use. 
 Collaborations and Licensing Agreements Associated with Our Core Drug Development Operations 
 We have a number of licensing and collaboration agreements associated with our core drug development operations, including the following: 
 GSK 
 On March 30, 2023 we entered into a License Agreement with GSK. Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, we granted GSK an exclusive (even as to us and our affiliates), royalty-bearing, sublicensable license for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of ibrexafungerp, including the approved product BREXAFEMME, for all indications, in the GSK Territory. If the existing licenses granted to or agreements with third parties are terminated with respect to any country, GSK will have an exclusive first right to negotiate with us to add those additional countries to the GSK Territory. We retain rights to all other assets, with GSK receiving a ROFN to any other enfumafungin-derived compounds or products that we may control. 
 Under the terms of the License Agreement, we will receive an upfront payment of 90 million. We are also eligible to receive potential: 
 regulatory approval milestone payments of up to 70 million; 

commercial milestone payments of up to 115 million based on first commercial sale in invasive candidiasis (U.S./EU); 

and sales milestone payments of up to 242.5 million based on annual net sales, with a total of 77.5 million to be paid upon achievement of multiple thresholds up through 200 million; a total of 65 million to be paid upon achievement of multiple thresholds between 300 million and 500 million; and 50 million to be paid at each threshold of 750 million and 1 billion. 

We will be responsible for the execution and costs of the ongoing clinical studies of ibrexafungerp but will have the potential to receive up to 75.5 million in success-based development milestones, which are comprised of up to 65 million for the achievement of three interim milestones associated with our continued performance of the ongoing MARIO Study and 10.5 million for the successful completion of the MARIO Study. 
 In the case of each of the above milestones, such milestone events are defined in the License Agreement. GSK will also pay royalties based on cumulative annual sales to us in the mid-single digit to mid-teen range. These royalty rates are subject to reduction, including in the event of third-party licenses, entry of a generic product, or the expiration of licensed patents. A joint development committee will be established between GSK and us to coordinate and review ongoing development activities of ibrexafungerp. Unless earlier terminated, the License Agreement will expire on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis at the end of the royalty term for such product in such country. 
 We have the right to terminate the License Agreement upon an uncured material breach by, or bankruptcy of, GSK. GSK has the right to terminate the License Agreement at any time for convenience in its entirety or on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, upon an uncured material breach by, or bankruptcy of, us, or for safety reasons. 
 The consummation of the transactions under the License Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act ); provided, that either we or GSK may terminate the License Agreement if expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has not occurred within nine months of the signing of the License Agreement. The parties expect the transactions contemplated by the License Agreement to close in the second quarter of 2023. 
 Merck 
 We initially discovered and developed ibrexafungerp through a research collaboration with Merck Sharp Dohme Corp. (Merck), a subsidiary of Merck Co., Inc. In May 2013, Merck transferred to us all development and commercialization rights for ibrexafungerp (also known as MK-3118). This decision was made following a review and prioritization of Merck s 
 13 

infectious disease portfolio. Under the terms of the agreement, we received all human health rights to ibrexafungerp, including all related technical documents, preclinical data, data from the seven Phase 1 trials conducted by Merck, and drug product and drug substance. The agreement continues until expiration of all royalty obligations. The agreement may be terminated if either party is in material breach and fails to remedy the breach after receiving written notice. In January 2014, Merck assigned the patents to us related to ibrexafungerp that it had exclusively licensed to us. Under the terms of the patent assignment, Merck no longer has responsibility to maintain the patents. Merck was originally eligible to receive milestones upon initiation of a Phase 2 clinical study, NDA submission and marketing approvals in each of the U.S., major European markets and Japan that could total up to 19 million. In addition, Merck will receive tiered royalties based on worldwide sales of ibrexafungerp. The aggregate royalties are mid- to high-single digits of net sales, and we expect to pay royalties on net sales of ibrexafungerp to Merck for no more than ten years from first commercial launch, on a country-by-country basis. 
 In December 2014, we entered into an amendment to the license agreement with Merck that defers the remittance of a milestone payment due to Merck, such that no amount will be due upon initiation of the first phase 2 clinical trial of a product containing the ibrexafungerp compound (the Deferred Milestone). The amendment also increased, in an amount equal to the Deferred Milestone, the milestone payment that will be due upon initiation of the first Phase 3 clinical trial of a product containing the ibrexafungerp compound. In December 2016 and January 2019, we entered into second and third amendments to the license agreement with Merck which clarified what would constitute the initiation of a Phase 3 clinical trial for the purpose of a milestone payment. In January 2019, a milestone payment became due to Merck as a result of the initiation of the VANISH Phase 3 VVC program and it was paid in March 2019. 
 On December 2, 2020, we entered into a fourth amendment to the license agreement with Merck. The amendment eliminates two cash milestone payments that we would have paid to Merck upon the first filing of a NDA, triggered by the FDA acceptance for filing of our NDA for ibrexafungerp for the treatment of VVC, and first marketing approval in the U.S. in June 2021 for our NDA for ibrexafungerp for the treatment of VVC. These cash milestone payments would have been creditable against future royalties owed to Merck on net sales of ibrexafungerp. With the amendment, these milestones will not be paid in cash and, accordingly, credits will not accrue. Pursuant to the amendment, we will also forfeit the credits against future royalties that had accrued from a prior milestone payment already paid to Merck. All other key terms of the license agreement are unchanged. 
 Hansoh 
 In February 2021, we entered into an Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement (the Agreement) with Hansoh (Shanghai) Health Technology Co., Ltd., and Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited (collectively, Hansoh), pursuant to which we granted to Hansoh an exclusive license to research, develop and commercialize ibrexafungerp in the Greater China region, including mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan. Under the terms of the Agreement, Hansoh shall be responsible for the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of ibrexafungerp in Greater China. We received a 10.0 million upfront payment and will also be eligible to receive up to 112.0 million in development and commercial milestones, plus low double-digit royalties on net product sales. The obligation to pay royalties with respect to sales in a specified region will continue until the later of the date of expiration of all intellectual property and regulatory exclusivity for the product in the region and ten years from the first commercial sale, unless earlier terminated by Hansoh with advanced notice for convenience or under other specified circumstances. 
 R-Pharm 
 In August 2013, we entered into an agreement with R-Pharm, CJSC (R-Pharm), a leading supplier of hospital drugs in Russia, granting them exclusive rights to develop and commercialize ibrexafungerp in the field of human health in Russia, Turkey, and certain Balkan, Central Asian, Middle Eastern and North African countries. We retained the right to commercialize ibrexafungerp in the Americas, Europe, and Asia. In November 2014, we entered into a supplemental arrangement with R-Pharm, whereby R-Pharm was informed of the modified IV formulation development plan and R-Pharm agreed to reimburse us for specifically identified IV formulation development and manufacturing costs incurred by us. We received a non-refundable upfront payment of 1.5 million from R-Pharm in August 2013 which was recognized over a period of 70 months and is fully amortized. 
 Government Regulation 
 Government Regulation 
 Government authorities in the United States, at the federal, state and local level, and in other countries extensively regulate, among other things, the research, development, testing, manufacture, including any manufacturing changes, packaging, storage, recordkeeping, labeling, advertising, promotion, distribution, marketing, import and export of pharmaceutical products such as those we are developing. The processes for obtaining regulatory approvals in the United States and in foreign countries, along with subsequent compliance with applicable statutes and regulations, require the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. 
 14 

U.S. Drug Approval Process 
 In the United States, the FDA regulates drugs under the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (FDCA), and implementing regulations. The process of obtaining regulatory approvals and the subsequent compliance with appropriate federal, state, local and foreign statutes and regulations requires the expenditure of substantial time and financial resources. Failure to comply with the applicable U.S. requirements at any time during the product development process, approval process or after approval, may subject an applicant to a variety of administrative or judicial sanctions, such as the FDA s refusal to approve pending NDAs, withdrawal of an approval, imposition of a clinical hold, issuance of warning letters, product recall requests, product seizures, total or partial suspension of production or distribution, injunctions, refusals of government contracts, restitution, disgorgement or civil or criminal penalties. 
 The process required by the FDA before a drug may be marketed in the United States generally involves the following: 
 completion of preclinical laboratory tests, animal studies and formulation studies in compliance with the FDA s good laboratory practice (GLP) regulations; 

submission to the FDA of an investigational new drug application (IND) which must become effective before human clinical trials may begin; 

approval by an independent institutional review board, or IRB, at each clinical site before each trial may be initiated; 

performance of adequate and well-controlled human clinical trials in accordance with good clinical practice (GCP) to establish the safety and efficacy of the proposed drug for each indication, subject to on-going IRB review; 

submission to the FDA of an NDA; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA advisory committee review, if applicable; 

satisfactory completion of an FDA inspection of the manufacturing facility or facilities at which the product is produced to assess compliance with current Good manufacturing practice (cGMP) regulations and guidance, and to assure that the facilities, methods and controls are adequate to preserve the drug s identity, strength, quality and purity; and 

FDA review and approval of the NDA. 

After evaluating the NDA and all related information, the FDA may issue an approval letter, or, in some cases, a complete response letter. A complete response letter generally contains a statement of specific conditions that must be met in order to secure final approval of the NDA and may require additional clinical or preclinical testing in order for FDA to reconsider the application. 
 Preclinical Studies 
 Preclinical studies include laboratory evaluation of product chemistry, toxicity and formulation, as well as animal studies to assess potential safety and efficacy. An IND sponsor must submit the results of the preclinical tests, together with manufacturing information, analytical data and any available clinical data or literature, among other things, to the FDA as part of an IND. Some preclinical testing may continue even after the IND is submitted. An IND automatically becomes effective 30 days after receipt by the FDA, unless before that time the FDA raises concerns or questions related to one or more proposed clinical trials and places the clinical trial on a clinical hold. In such a case, the IND sponsor and the FDA must resolve any outstanding concerns before the clinical trial can begin. As a result, submission of an IND may not result in the FDA allowing clinical trials to commence. 
 Clinical Trials 
 Clinical trials involve the administration of the investigational new drug to human subjects under the supervision of qualified investigators in accordance with GCP requirements, which include the requirement that all research subjects provide their informed consent in writing for their participation in any clinical trial. Clinical trials are conducted under protocols detailing, among other things, the objectives of the study, the parameters to be used in monitoring safety, and the effectiveness criteria to be evaluated. A protocol for each clinical trial and any subsequent protocol amendments must be submitted to the FDA as part of the IND. In addition, an IRB at each institution participating in the clinical trial must review and approve the plan for any clinical trial before it commences at that institution. Information about certain clinical trials must be submitted within specific timeframes to the National Institutes of Health (NIH) for public dissemination on their ClinicalTrials.gov website. 
 Human clinical trials are typically conducted in three sequential phases, which in some cases may overlap or be combined: 
 15 

Phase 1: The drug is initially introduced into healthy human subjects or patients with the target disease or condition and tested for safety, dosage tolerance, absorption, metabolism, distribution, excretion and, if possible, to gain an early indication of its effectiveness. 
 Phase 2: The drug is administered to a limited patient population with the target disease to identify possible adverse effects and safety risks, to preliminarily evaluate the efficacy of the product for specific targeted diseases and to determine dosage tolerance and optimal dosage. 
 Phase 3: The drug is administered to an expanded patient population with the target disease, generally at geographically dispersed clinical trial sites, in well-controlled clinical trials to generate enough data to statistically evaluate the efficacy and safety of the product for approval, to establish the overall risk-benefit profile of the product, and to provide adequate information for the labeling of the product. 
 Progress reports detailing the results of the clinical trials must be submitted at least annually to the FDA and more frequently if serious adverse events occur. Phase 1, Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials sometimes cannot be completed successfully within any specified period, or at all. Furthermore, the FDA or the sponsor may suspend or terminate a clinical trial at any time on various grounds, including a finding that the research subjects are being exposed to an unacceptable health risk. Similarly, an IRB can suspend or terminate approval of a clinical trial at its institution if the clinical trial is not being conducted in accordance with the IRB s requirements or if the drug has been associated with unexpected serious harm to patients. 
 In some cases, the FDA may condition approval of an NDA for a product candidate on the sponsor s agreement to conduct additional clinical trials to further assess the drug s safety and effectiveness after NDA approval. Such post-approval trials are typically referred to as Phase 4 studies. 
 In some circumstances, the FDA may also order a sponsor to conduct post-approval clinical trials if new safety information arises raising questions about the drug s risk-benefit profile. Those clinical trials are typically referred to as Post-Marketing Requirements (PMRs). 
 GAIN Act 
 The FDA has various expedited development programs, including break-through therapy, fast track designation and priority review, that are intended to expedite or simplify the process for the development and FDA review of drugs that meet certain qualifications. The purpose of these programs is to provide important new drugs to patients earlier than under standard FDA review procedures. 
 The GAIN Act is intended to encourage development of new antibacterial and antifungal drugs for the treatment of serious or life-threatening infections by providing certain benefits to sponsors, including extended exclusivity periods, fast track and priority review. To be eligible for these benefits a product in development must seek and be awarded designation as a Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP). 
 To qualify as a QIDP according to the criteria established in the GAIN Act, a product must be an antibacterial or antifungal drug for human use intended to treat serious or life-threatening infections, including, those: 
 caused by an antifungal resistant pathogen, including novel or emerging infectious pathogens; or 

qualifying pathogens listed by the FDA in accordance with the GAIN Act. 

Fast Track Designation 
 The FDA is required to facilitate the development, and expedite the review, of drugs that are intended for the treatment of a serious or life-threatening disease or condition for which there is no effective treatment and which demonstrate the potential to address unmet medical needs for the condition. Under the Fast Track program, the sponsor of a new drug candidate may request that the FDA designate the drug candidate for a specific indication as a Fast Track drug concurrent with, or after, the filing of the IND for the drug candidate. The FDA must determine if the drug candidate qualifies for Fast Track designation within 60 days of receipt of the sponsor's request. 
 If a drug candidate is granted Fast Track designation, the sponsor may engage in more frequent interactions with the FDA, and the FDA may review sections of the NDA before the application is complete. This rolling review is available if the applicant provides, and the FDA approves, a schedule for the submission of the remaining information and the applicant pays applicable user fees. However, the FDA's time period goal for reviewing an application does not begin until the last section of the NDA is submitted. Additionally, Fast Track designation may be withdrawn by the FDA if the FDA believes that the designation is no longer supported by data emerging in the clinical trial process. 
 16 

Post Approval Requirements 
 Drugs manufactured or distributed pursuant to FDA approvals are subject to pervasive and continuing regulation by the FDA, including, among other things, requirements relating to recordkeeping, periodic reporting, product sampling and distribution, advertising and promotion and reporting of adverse experiences with the product. After approval, most changes to the approved product, such as adding new indications, manufacturing changes or other labeling claims, are subject to further testing requirements and prior FDA review and approval. There also are continuing annual user fee requirements for any marketed products and the establishments at which such products are manufactured, as well as application fees for supplemental applications with clinical data. 
 Even if the FDA approves a product, it may limit the approved indications for use of the product, require that contraindications, warnings or precautions be included in the product labeling, including a boxed warning, require that post approval studies, including Phase 4 clinical trials, be conducted to further assess a drug s safety after approval, require testing and surveillance programs to monitor the product after commercialization, or impose other conditions, including distribution restrictions or other risk management mechanisms under a REMS, which can materially affect the potential market and profitability of the product. The FDA may prevent or limit further marketing of a product based on the results of post marketing studies or surveillance programs. 
 In addition, drug manufacturers and other entities involved in the manufacture and distribution of approved drugs are required to register their establishments with the FDA and state agencies, and are subject to periodic unannounced inspections by the FDA and these state agencies for compliance with cGMP requirements. Changes to the manufacturing process are strictly regulated and often require prior FDA approval before being implemented. FDA regulations also require investigation and correction of any deviations from cGMP and impose reporting and documentation requirements upon the sponsor and any third party manufacturers that the sponsor may decide to use. Accordingly, manufacturers must continue to expend time, money and effort in the area of production and quality control to maintain cGMP compliance. 
 The FDA strictly regulates marketing, labeling, advertising and promotion of products that are placed on the market. Drugs may be promoted only for the approved indications and in accordance with the provisions of the approved label, although physicians, in the practice of medicine, may prescribe approved drugs for unapproved indications. However, pharmaceutical companies may share truthful and not misleading information that is otherwise consistent with the labeling. The FDA and other agencies actively enforce the laws and regulations prohibiting their promotion of off label uses, and a company that is found to have improperly promoted off label uses may be subject to significant civil, criminal and administrative liability. 
 In addition, the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical products is subject to the Prescription Drug Marketing Act, or PDMA, which regulates the distribution of drugs and drug samples at the federal level, and sets minimum standards for the registration and regulation of drug distributors by the states. Both the PDMA and state laws limit the distribution of prescription pharmaceutical product samples and impose requirements to ensure accountability in distribution. 
 Pediatric Exclusivity 
 Pediatric exclusivity is another type of non-patent marketing exclusivity in the United States and, if granted, provides for the attachment of an additional six months of regulatory protection to the term of any existing exclusivity, including the non-patent exclusivity periods described above, and to the regulatory term of any patent that has been submitted to FDA for the approved drug product. This six-month exclusivity may be granted based on the voluntary completion of a pediatric study or studies in accordance with an FDA-issued Written Request for such a study or studies. 
 Qualified Infectious Disease Product Exclusivity 
 If the NDA for a QIDP is approved by the FDA, the FDA will extend by an additional five years any non-patent marketing exclusivity period awarded, such as a five-year exclusivity period awarded for a new chemical entity. This extension is in addition to any pediatric exclusivity extension awarded. Eligibility for the extension will be denied if the product is approved for uses that would not meet the definition of a QIDP. 
 Data Privacy and Security 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we may process confidential, proprietary, and sensitive information, including personal data. Accordingly, we are, or may become, subject to numerous data privacy and security obligations, including federal, state, local, and foreign laws, regulations, guidance, and industry standards related to data privacy and security. Such obligations may include, without limitation, the Federal Trade Commission Act, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA), the Canadian Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents Act, Canada s Anti-Spam Legislation, the European Union s General Data Protection Regulation 2016/679 (EU GDPR), the EU GDPR as it forms part of United Kingdom (UK) law by virtue of section 3 of the European Union (Withdrawal) Act 2018 (UK GDPR), and the Payment Card Industry Data Security Standard (PCI DSS). Several states within the United States have enacted or proposed data privacy and 
 17 

security laws. For example, Virginia passed the Consumer Data Protection Act, and Colorado passed the Colorado Privacy Act. Additionally, we are, or may become, subject to various U.S. federal and state consumer protection laws which require us to publish statements that accurately and fairly describe how we handle personal data and choices individuals may have about the way we handle their personal data. 
 The CCPA and EU GDPR are examples of the increasingly stringent and evolving regulatory frameworks related to personal data processing that may increase our compliance obligations and exposure for any noncompliance. For example, the CCPA imposes obligations on covered businesses to provide specific disclosures related to a business s collection, use, and disclosure of personal data and to respond to certain requests from California residents related to their personal data (for example, requests to know of the business s personal data processing activities, to delete the individual s personal data, and to opt out of certain personal data disclosures). Also, the CCPA provides for civil penalties and a private right of action for data breaches which may include an award of statutory damages. In addition, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 (CPRA), effective January 1, 2023, expanded the CCPA by, among other things, giving California residents the ability to limit use of certain sensitive personal data, establishing restrictions on personal data retention, expanding the types of data breaches that are subject to the CCPA s private right of action, and establishing a new California Privacy Protection Agency to implement and enforce the new law. 
 Foreign data privacy and security laws (including but not limited to the EU GDPR and UK GDPR) impose significant and complex compliance obligations on entities that are subject to those laws. As one example, the EU GDPR applies to any company established in the EEA and to companies established outside the EEA that process personal data in connection with the offering of goods or services to data subjects in the EEA or the monitoring of the behavior of data subjects in the EEA. These obligations may include limiting personal data processing to only what is necessary for specified, explicit, and legitimate purposes; requiring a legal basis for personal data processing; requiring the appointment of a data protection officer in certain circumstances; increasing transparency obligations to data subjects; requiring data protection impact assessments in certain circumstances; limiting the collection and retention of personal data; increasing rights for data subjects; formalizing a heightened and codified standard of data subject consents; requiring the implementation and maintenance of technical and organizational safeguards for personal data; mandating notice of certain personal data breaches to the relevant supervisory authority(ies) and affected individuals; and mandating the appointment of representatives in the UK and/or the EU in certain circumstances. 
 See the section titled Risk Factors for additional information about the laws and regulations to which we may become subject and about the risks to our business associated with such laws and regulations. 
 Other U.S. Healthcare Laws and Compliance Requirements 
 In the United States our activities are subject to regulation by various federal, state and local authorities in addition to the FDA, including but not limited to, the Centers for Medicare Medicaid Services, or CMS, other divisions of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, such as the Office of Inspector General, the U.S. Department of Justice, or DOJ, and individual U.S. Attorney offices within the DOJ, and state and local governments. For example, in the United States, sales, marketing and scientific and educational programs also must comply with state and federal fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, transparency laws, government price reporting, and health information privacy and security laws. These laws include the following: 
 the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, which makes it illegal for any person, including a prescription drug manufacturer (or a party acting on its behalf), to knowingly and willfully solicit, receive, offer or pay any remuneration that is intended to induce or reward referrals, including the purchase, recommendation, order or prescription of a particular drug, for which payment may be made under a federal healthcare program, such as Medicare or Medicaid. Moreover, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act of 2010, or collectively, the Affordable Care Act, provides that the government may assert that a claim including items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the civil False Claims Act; 

the federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the civil False Claims Act that can be enforced by private citizens through civil whistleblower or qui tam actions and civil monetary penalties laws, prohibit individuals or entities from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, to the federal government, claims for payment that are false or fraudulent or making a false statement to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government; 

the Federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996, or HIPAA, prohibits, among other things, executing or attempting to execute a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program or making false statements relating to healthcare matters; 

18 

the federal Physician Payments Sunshine Act requires applicable manufacturers of covered drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program, with specific exceptions, to annually report to CMS information regarding payments and other transfers of value to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals as well as information regarding ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members; 

HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act and their implementing regulations, also imposes obligations, including mandatory contractual terms, on covered entities, including certain healthcare providers, health plans, healthcare clearinghouses, and their respective business associates, that create, receive, maintain or transmit individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity as well as their covered subcontractors, with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information, as well as analogous state and foreign laws that govern the privacy and security of health information in some circumstances, many of which differ from each other in significant ways and often are not preempted by HIPAA, thus complicating compliance efforts; and 

analogous state and foreign laws and regulations, such as state anti-kickback and false claims laws, may apply to sales or marketing arrangements and claims involving healthcare items or services reimbursed by non- governmental third-party payors, including private insurers. 

For example, sales, marketing and scientific/educational grant programs must comply with the federal and state anti-fraud and abuse laws, false claims laws, the privacy provisions of the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act, or HIPAA, and payment transparency laws. 
 If our operations are found to be in violation of any of the federal and state healthcare laws described above or any other governmental regulations that apply to us, we may be subject to significant penalties, including civil, criminal and administrative sanctions, damages, disgorgement, monetary fines, possible exclusion from participation in Medicare, Medicaid and other federal healthcare programs, imprisonment, integrity oversight and reporting obligations, and contractual damages. 
 Foreign Regulation 
 To market any product outside of the United States, we would need to comply with numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries regarding safety and efficacy and governing, among other things, clinical trials, marketing authorization, commercial sales and distribution of our products. Whether or not we obtain FDA approval for a product, we would need to obtain the necessary approvals by the comparable regulatory authorities of foreign countries before we can commence clinical trials or marketing of the product in those countries. The approval process varies from country to country and can involve additional product testing and additional administrative review periods. The time required to obtain approval in other countries might differ from and be longer than that required to obtain FDA approval. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may negatively impact the regulatory process in others. 
 Pharmaceutical Coverage, Pricing and Reimbursement 
 Our ability to commercialize BREXAFEMME and any of our product candidates successfully will depend in part on the extent to which the United States and foreign governmental authorities, private health insurers and other third-party payors establish appropriate coverage and reimbursement levels for our product candidates and related treatments. In many of the markets where we would commercialize a product following regulatory approval, the prices of pharmaceutical products are subject to direct price controls (by law) and to drug reimbursement programs with varying price control mechanisms. In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. One third-party payor s determination to provide coverage for a product candidate does not assure that other payors will also provide coverage for the product candidate. As a result, the coverage determination process is often time-consuming and costly. 
 Increasingly, third party payors are requiring that drug companies provide them with predetermined discounts from list prices and are challenging the prices charged for medical products. Further, such payors are increasingly challenging the price, examining the medical necessity and reviewing the cost effectiveness of medical product candidates. There may be especially significant delays in obtaining coverage and reimbursement for newly approved drugs. Third party payors may limit coverage to specific products on an approved list, known as a formulary, which might not include all FDA-approved drugs for a particular indication. The Company may need to conduct expensive pharmaco-economic studies to demonstrate the medical necessity and cost effectiveness of its products. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require the Company to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of its products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. Additionally, third-party payors may refuse to include a particular branded drug in their formularies when a competing generic product is available. Under Medicare, hospitals are reimbursed under an inpatient prospective payment system. This pricing methodology provides a single payment 
 19 

amount to hospitals based on a given diagnosis-related group. As a result, with respect to Medicare reimbursement for services in the hospital inpatient setting, hospitals could have a financial incentive to use the least expensive drugs for the treatment of invasive fungal infections, particularly the IV formulations of these drugs, as they are typically administered in the hospital. Further, coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. 
 Public and private health care payors control costs and influence drug pricing through a variety of mechanisms, including through negotiating discounts with the manufacturers and through the use of tiered formularies and other mechanisms that provide preferential access to certain drugs over others within a therapeutic class. Payors also set other criteria to govern the uses of a drug that will be deemed medically appropriate and therefore reimbursed or otherwise covered. In particular, many public and private health care payors limit reimbursement and coverage to the uses of a drug that are either approved by the FDA or that are supported by other appropriate evidence (for example, published medical literature) and appear in a recognized drug compendium. Drug compendia are publications that summarize the available medical evidence for particular drug products and identify which uses of a drug are supported or not supported by the available evidence, whether or not such uses have been approved by the FDA. 
 Healthcare Reform 
 In the United States and some foreign jurisdictions there have been, and continue to be, several legislative and regulatory changes and proposed reforms of the healthcare system to contain costs, improve quality, and expand access to care. For example, in the United States the Affordable Care Act substantially changed the way healthcare is financed by both governmental and private insurers, and continues to significantly impact the U.S. pharmaceutical industry. There have been executive, judicial and congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. For example, on June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in Affordable Care Act marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is also unclear how such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden administration will impact the Affordable Care Act and the Company's business. 
 Other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. These changes included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of 2 per fiscal year, effective April 1, 2013, which, due to subsequent legislative amendments, including the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, will stay in effect until 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken.. Under current legislation the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. In January 2013, the American Taxpayer Relief Act of 2012 was signed into law, which, among other things, reduced Medicare payments to several providers, and increased the statute of limitations period for the government to recover overpayments to providers from three to five years. These laws may result in additional reductions in Medicare and other healthcare funding, which could have a material adverse effect on customers for the Company's drugs, if approved, and accordingly, the Company's financial operations. 
 There also has been increasing legislative and enforcement interest in the United States with respect to drug pricing practices, which has resulted in several Congressional inquiries, Presidential executive orders and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for drug products. For example. in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, HHS released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. Further, the IRA, among other things (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. Additionally, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. At the state level, legislatures have increasingly passed legislation and implemented regulations designed to control pharmaceutical and biological product pricing, including price or patient reimbursement constraints, discounts, restrictions on certain product access and marketing cost disclosure and transparency measures, and, in some cases, designed to encourage importation from other countries and bulk purchasing. 
 Intellectual Property 
 20 

We strive to protect the proprietary technology that we believe is important to our business, including seeking and maintaining patents intended to cover our product candidates and compositions, and their methods of use and other inventions that are commercially important to the development of our business. We also rely on trade secrets to protect aspects of our business that are not amenable to, or that we do not consider appropriate for, patent protection. 
 As of March 1, 2023, we are the owner of more than ten issued U.S. patents and more than 125 issued non-U.S. patents with claims to novel compounds, compositions containing them, processes for their preparation, and their uses as pharmaceutical agents, with terms expiring between 2027 and 2038. Of these patents, six U.S. patents relate to ibrexafungerp. We are actively pursuing several U.S. patent applications and many non-U.S. patent applications in multiple jurisdictions worldwide. 
 Ibrexafungerp is protected in the United States by an issued composition of matter patent (U.S. Patent No. 8,188,085); three issued patents related to ibrexafungerp salts and polymorphs, including the citrate salt used in BREXAFEMME and our ongoing clinical trials; and two patents covering uses of ibrexafungerp in treatment or prevention of fungal infections. The 085 patent is currently set to expire in 2030. We have applied for patent term extension under the Drug Price Competition and Patent Term Restoration Act of 1984 (the Hatch-Waxman Act) and believe that the term of the 085 patent will be extended into 2035. The three patents covering the citrate salt of ibrexafungerp expire in 2035. The two patents covering uses of ibrexafungerp expire in 2038. The ibrexafungerp composition of matter is covered by a patent in more than 60 jurisdictions worldwide, with several more patent applications pending. Additional patent applications related to ibrexafungerp s formulations and use as an antifungal agent have been filed and are currently pending. If granted, the new patent families could extend the patent protection for certain ibrexafungerp formulations or uses up to 2040. For this and more comprehensive risks related to our proprietary technology and processes, please see the section on Risk Factors-Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property. 
 Employees 
 As of March 1, 2023, we had 36 employees, all of whom were employed on a full-time basis. Our employees are engaged in administration, accounting and finance, research, clinical development, manufacturing, and business development functions. We believe our relations with our employees are good. 
 Corporate Information 
 We were incorporated in the State of Delaware on November 4, 1999. Our corporate headquarters are located at 1 Evertrust Plaza, 13 th Floor, Jersey City, New Jersey 07302. 
 Our corporate website address is www.scynexis.com. Our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Exchange Act are available free of charge on our website. The information contained on, or that can be accessed through, our website is not part of this Annual Report, and the inclusion of our website address in this Annual Report is an inactive textual reference only. 
 21 

ITEM 1A.	RI SK FACTORS 
 In evaluating our business, you should carefully consider the following risks, as well as the other information contained in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These risk factors could cause our actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements we have made in this Annual Report on Form 10-K and those we may make from time to time. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial condition and operating results could be harmed. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only ones facing us. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us, or that we currently see as immaterial, may also harm our business. Further, the risks below are with respect to our company at the current time, and some of the risks described below may change if/when the transaction contemplated by the License Agreement with GSK closes. 
 Risks Relating to Our Financial Condition and Need for Additional Capital 
 We have entered into a License Agreement with GSK, which is subject to closing conditions, including expiration or termination of the HSR waiting period, and if we are not able to close the transaction contemplated by the License Agreement we will not be able to receive the benefits expected from the License Agreement, which would materially and adversely affect our prospects for generating revenue from BREXAFEMME and ibrexafungerp. 
 In March 2023, we entered into a License Agreement with GSK, and the consummation of the transactions under the License Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act. If the closing conditions are not met, then absent a waiver from GSK we will not be able to close the transaction contemplated by the License Agreement. If this were to occur, then we would not be able to realize the benefits we expect from the License Agreement, including the potential to receive the development, regulatory, commercial and sales milestones, and royalties, contemplated by the License Agreement, and we would have expended significant time, money and effort in the development and commercialization of BREXAFEMME, which has been on the market since September 2021, and may not be able to realize a return on that investment. 
 Even if the License Agreement with GSK closes, we may not be able to realize the benefits we expect under the License Agreement if we are not able to develop ibrexafungerp. 
 Even if the License Agreement with GSK closes, our ability to generate revenues under the License Agreement is dependent upon our ability to further develop ibrexafungerp. The risks described below with respect to ibrexafungerp will continue to be risks for us as they may impede our ability to receive some or all of the development, regulatory, commercial and sales milestones, and royalties, contemplated by the License Agreement, which would materially and adversely affect our business and operating results. 
 We have never been profitable, we have only one product approved for commercial sale, and to date we have generated limited revenue from product sales. As a result, our ability to curtail our losses and reach profitability is unproven, and we may never achieve or sustain profitability. 
 We are not profitable and do not expect to be profitable in the foreseeable future. We have incurred net losses in each year since our inception, including a net loss of 62.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of approximately 422.3 million. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations and have limited capital resources to fund ongoing operations which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. On a prospective basis, our strategic focus, along with the commitment of our financial resources, will be directed towards the development of ibrexafungerp. We had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of 73.5 million as of December 31, 2022. We have suffered substantial losses from operations since inception and will require additional financing. 
 We expect to continue to incur significant expenses and operating losses for the foreseeable future. The net losses we incur may fluctuate significantly from quarter to quarter. We anticipate that our expenses will increase substantially as we: 
 conduct ongoing and initiate new clinical trials; 

maintain, expand and protect our intellectual property portfolio; 

hire additional clinical, quality control and scientific personnel; 

maintain and create additional infrastructure to support our operations as a public company; and 

develop in-house product candidates or seek to in-license product candidates from third-parties. 

In addition, our expenses could increase if we are required by the U.S. Food and Drug Administration, or the FDA, to perform studies in addition to, or that are larger than, those that we currently expect. 
 22 

As a result of the foregoing, we expect to experience net losses and negative cash flows from operations for the foreseeable future, and we are unable to predict when, or if, we will be able to achieve profitability. Our losses and negative cash flows have had, and will continue to have a material adverse effect on our stockholders equity, financial position and statement of operations. 
 We expect a number of factors to cause our operating results to fluctuate on a quarterly and annual basis, which may make it difficult to predict our future performance. 
 Our financial condition and operating results have varied significantly in the past and will continue to fluctuate from quarter to quarter or year to year due to a variety of factors, many of which are beyond our control. The following factors relating to our business, as well as factors described elsewhere in this report, may contribute to these fluctuations: 
 the costs associated with completing the ongoing clinical studies for ibrexafungerp, which are difficult for us to predict; 

any delays in regulatory review and approval of ibrexafungerp; 

delays in the timing of submission of any new drug application, or NDA, or supplement thereto, as well as commencement, enrollment and the timing of clinical testing, of any product candidates we may seek to develop; 

our ability to close the transactions contemplated by the License Agreement with GSK; 

market acceptance of BREXAFEMME and any future product candidates for which we obtain FDA approval; 

changes in regulations and regulatory policies; 

competition from existing products or new products that may emerge; 

the ability of patients or healthcare providers to obtain coverage of, or sufficient reimbursement for, any products we are able to develop; 

our ability to establish or maintain collaborations, licensing or other arrangements; 

costs related to, and outcomes of, potential litigation; 

potential product liability claims; and 

potential liabilities associated with hazardous materials. 

Due to the various factors mentioned above, and others, the results of any quarterly or annual periods should not be relied upon as indications of future operating performance. Further, any financial projections we make are made as of the date we make them are subject to these risks and uncertainties, and these financial projections may not be realized. 
 We will continue to require substantial additional capital, and if we are unable to raise capital when needed we would be forced to delay, reduce or eliminate our development program for ibrexafungerp. 
 Developing pharmaceutical products, including conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, is expensive. If the FDA requires that we perform additional studies beyond those that we currently expect, our expenses could increase beyond what we currently anticipate, the timing of the submission of our planned NDAs could be delayed, and any potential product approval could be delayed. We may need to raise additional funds from additional issuances of equity and/or debt securities or otherwise obtain funding through strategic alliances or collaborations with third parties. In any event, we will require additional capital to complete development of, to seek regulatory approval for and, if approval is obtained, to commercialize and any product candidates we may seek to develop. 
 When we are required to secure additional financing, the additional fundraising efforts may divert our management from our day-to-day activities, which may adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize ibrexafungerp and any product candidates we may seek to develop. In addition, we cannot guarantee that financing will be available in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, if at all. If we are unable to raise additional capital when required or on acceptable terms, we may be required to: 
 significantly delay, scale back or discontinue the development or commercialization of and any product candidates we may seek to develop; 

seek strategic alliances for research and development programs at an earlier stage than otherwise would be desirable or on terms that are less favorable than might otherwise be available; or 

relinquish or license on unfavorable terms our rights to any product candidates that we otherwise would seek to develop or commercialize ourselves. 

23 

If we are required to conduct additional fundraising activities and we are unable to raise additional capital in sufficient amounts or on terms acceptable to us, we will be prevented from pursuing development and commercialization efforts, which will have a material adverse effect on our business, operating results and prospects. 
 Our operating activities may be restricted as a result of covenants related to the indebtedness under our senior convertible notes and loan payable and we may be required to repay the notes and our loan payable in an event of default, which could have a materially adverse effect on our business. 
 On March 7, 2019, we entered into a senior convertible note purchase agreement with Puissance Life Science Opportunities Fund VI (Puissance), pursuant to which we issued and sold to Puissance 16 million of our 6.0 senior convertible notes due 2025. 
 We may be required to repay the outstanding notes if an event of default occurs under the note purchase agreements. Under the note purchase agreements, an event of default will occur if, among other things: we fail to make payments under the note purchase agreement; we breach any of our covenants under the note purchase agreements, subject to specified cure periods with respect to certain breaches; or we or our subsidiaries become subject to bankruptcy, insolvency or reorganization proceedings. We may not have enough available cash or be able to raise additional funds through equity or debt financings to repay such indebtedness at the time any such event of default occurs. In this case, we may be required to delay, limit, reduce or terminate our product development or commercialization efforts or grant to others rights to develop and market product candidates that we would otherwise prefer to develop and market ourselves. Our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected as a result of any of these events. 
 On May 13, 2021, we entered into a loan payable with Hercules, as administrative agent and collateral agent (in such capacity, the Agent) and a lender, and SVB, as a lender (SVB, and collectively with Hercules in such capacity, the Lenders) for an aggregate principal amount of up to 60.0 million. Until we have repaid such indebtedness, the loan payable and security agreement subjects us to various customary covenants, including requirements as to financial reporting and insurance, and restrictions on our ability to dispose of our business or property, to change our line of business, to liquidate or dissolve, to merge or consolidate with any other entity or to acquire all or substantially all the capital stock or property of another entity, to incur additional indebtedness, to incur liens on our property, to pay any dividends or other distributions on capital stock other than dividends payable solely in capital stock, to redeem capital stock, to enter into licensing agreements, to engage in transactions with affiliates, or to encumber our intellectual property. In connection with the entering into of the License Agreement, we entered into a First Amendment and Consent to Loan and Security Agreement with the Lenders pursuant to which the Lenders consented to us entering into the License Agreement and we agreed to pay to the Lenders an amount equal to the sum of (i) all outstanding principal plus all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the amounts loaned under the Loan Agreement (approximately 35.4 million), (ii) the prepayment fee payable under Loan Agreement 262,500), (iii) the final payment payable under Loan Agreement 1,382,500), and (iv) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable with respect to loan advances under the Loan Agreement. These payments by us will become due upon the earliest of (A) one business day following receipt by us of the 90 million upfront payment payable to us under the License Agreement, (B) June 1, 2023, or (C) the termination of the License Agreement. 
 Unfavorable U.S. and global economic conditions could adversely affect our ability to access capital . 
 Our ability to access capital could be adversely affected by general conditions in the U.S. and global economies, the U.S. and global financial markets and adverse geopolitical and macroeconomic developments. U.S. and global market and economic conditions have been, and continue to be, disrupted and volatile due to many factors, including component shortages and related supply chain challenges, geopolitical developments such as COVID-19 and the conflict between Ukraine and Russia and related sanctions, bank failures, and increasing inflation rates and the responses by central banking authorities to control such inflation, among others. General business and economic conditions that could affect our ability to access capital include fluctuations in economic growth, debt and equity capital markets, liquidity of the global financial markets, access to our liquidity within the U.S. banking system, the availability and cost of credit, investor and consumer confidence, and the strength of the economies in which we, our manufacturers and our suppliers operate. 
 For example, on March 10, 2023, we had a banking relationship with SVB, as described above. As of the closure of SVB on March 10, 2023, we held approximately 0.3 million in cash on deposit and approximately 7.0 million in a money market account with SVB who was administering the account as our agent. Our remaining cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are primarily held in a money market account and in U.S. treasury securities that are unaffiliated with SVB and held with another financial institution acting as custodian, but which SVB administers on our behalf. We were able to access all cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held at or through SVB and at our financial institution custodians. SVB was closed on March 10, 2023 by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the FDIC as receiver. On March 12, 2023, the U.S. Treasury, Federal Reserve, and FDIC announced that SVB depositors would have access to all of their money starting March 13, 2023. While we have not experienced any losses in such accounts, the recent failure of SVB exposed us to significant credit risk prior to the completion by the FDIC of the resolution of SVB in a manner 
 24 

that fully protected all depositors. Our access to funding sources and other credit arrangements in amounts adequate to finance or capitalize our current and projected future business operations could be significantly impaired by factors that affect us, the financial institutions with which we have arrangements directly, or the financial services industry or economy in general. These factors could include, among others, events such as liquidity constraints or failures, the ability to perform obligations under various types of financial, credit or liquidity agreements or arrangements, disruptions or instability in the financial services industry or financial markets, or concerns or negative expectations about the prospects for companies in the financial services industry. These factors could involve financial institutions or financial services industry companies with which we have financial or business relationships, but could also include factors involving financial markets or the financial services industry generally. 
 Risks Relating to the Development, Regulatory Approval and Commercialization of Our Product Candidates For Human Use 
 We cannot be certain that ibrexafungerp will receive regulatory approval in the additional indications we are pursuing, and without regulatory approval it will not be possible to market ibrexafungerp for these indications. Regulatory approval is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process and there is no guarantee that ibrexafungerp will be approved by the FDA for the additional indications we are pursuing. 
 Our ability to generate additional significant revenue related to sales of ibrexafungerp by us, or by GSK following the GSK Closing, will depend on the successful development and regulatory approval of ibrexafungerp for indications in addition to the treatment of VVC and RVVC. 
 We currently have one product approved for sale, BREXAFEMME, which is approved for the treatment of VVC and for the reduction in the incidence of RVVC, and we cannot guarantee that we will obtain more marketable products. The development and commercialization of a product candidate, including preclinical and clinical testing, manufacturing, quality systems, labeling, approval, record-keeping, selling, promotion, marketing and distribution of products, is subject to extensive regulation by the FDA in the United States and regulatory authorities in other countries, with regulations differing from country to country. We are not permitted to market product candidates in the United States until and unless we receive approval of an NDA or NDA supplement from the FDA. An NDA supplement has not been submitted for ibrexafungerp for the treatment of refractory invasive fungal infections, invasive pulmonary aspergillosis or any other indications. Obtaining approval of an NDA is a lengthy, expensive and uncertain process. An NDA must include extensive preclinical and clinical data and supporting information to establish the product candidate s safety and effectiveness for each indication. The approval application must also include significant information regarding the chemistry, manufacturing and controls for the product. The product development and regulatory review process typically takes years to complete, involves numerous uncertainties and the potential for concerns to emerge late in the development process, and approval is never guaranteed. Even if a product is approved, the FDA may limit the indications for which the product may be used, require extensive warnings on the product labeling or require costly ongoing requirements for post-marketing clinical studies and surveillance or other risk management measures to monitor the safety or efficacy of the product candidate, including the imposition of a Risk Evaluation and Mitigation Strategy, or REMS. Markets outside of the United States also have requirements for approval of drug candidates with which we must comply prior to marketing. Obtaining regulatory approval for marketing of a product candidate in one country does not ensure we will be able to obtain regulatory approval in other countries, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country may have a negative effect on the regulatory process in other countries. Also, any regulatory approval of a product candidate, once obtained, may be withdrawn. If ibrexafungerp or any of our other wholly-owned or partnered product candidates do not receive timely regulatory approval, or fail to maintain that regulatory approval, we may not be able to generate sufficient revenue to become profitable or to continue our operations. Moreover, the submission of our NDA or the receipt of regulatory approval does not assure commercial success of any approved product. 
 Although both the oral and IV formulations of ibrexafungerp have been granted Qualified Infectious Disease Product status and Fast Track designation, this does not guarantee that the length of the FDA review process will be significantly shorter than otherwise, or that ibrexafungerp will ultimately be approved by the FDA. 
 We applied to the FDA for, and received, the designation of the oral tablet and the IV formulations of ibrexafungerp for vulvovaginal candidiasis, invasive candidiasis and invasive aspergillosis as Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) under the Generating Antibiotic Incentives Now Act (GAIN Act). We also applied to the FDA for, and were granted, Fast Track designation for ibrexafungerp for these indications. Receipt of QIDP status and Fast Track designation in practice may not result in a faster development process, review or approval compared to drugs considered for approval under conventional FDA procedures and does not assure ultimate approval by the FDA or related GAIN Act exclusivity benefits. 
 Delays in the commencement, enrollment and completion of clinical trials could result in increased costs to us and delay or limit our ability to obtain regulatory approval for ibrexafungerp or any future product candidates. 
 We do not know whether our current clinical trials of ibrexafungerp will be completed on schedule or at all, or whether any future clinical trials of ibrexafungerp or any future product candidates we may seek to develop will be allowed to 
 25 

commence or, if commenced, will be completed on schedule or at all. The commencement, enrollment and completion of clinical trials can be delayed for a variety of reasons, including: 
 inability to reach agreements on acceptable terms with prospective clinical research organizations, or CROs, and trial sites, the terms of which can be subject to extensive negotiation and may vary significantly among different CROs and trial sites; 

difficulty identifying and engaging qualified clinical investigators; 

regulatory objections to commencing a clinical trial or proceeding to the next phase of investigation, including inability to reach agreement with the FDA or non-U.S. regulators regarding the scope or design of our clinical trials or for other reasons such as safety concerns that might be identified during preclinical development or early stage clinical trials; 

inability to identify and maintain a sufficient number of eligible trial sites, many of which may already be engaged in other clinical trial programs, including some that may be for the same indication as our product candidates; 

withdrawal of clinical trial sites from our clinical trials as a result of changing standards of care; 

inability to obtain institutional review board (or ethics review committee) approval to conduct a clinical trial at prospective sites; 

difficulty identifying, recruiting and enrolling eligible patients to participate in clinical trials for a variety of reasons, including meeting the enrollment criteria for our study and competition from other clinical trial programs for the same indication as product candidates we seek to commercialize; 

inability to retain patients in clinical trials due to the treatment protocol, personal issues, side effects from the therapy or lack of efficacy; 

inability to produce and/or obtain in a timely manner sufficient quantity of our products to satisfy the requirements of the clinical trials; 

inability to enroll patients, or slow down in the rate of enrolling patients, in clinical trials due to unforeseen natural disasters, public health crises, political crises and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control, such as COVID-19, which may cause participants to not want to participate in these trials or otherwise have any unnecessary contact with the medical community; and 

inability to obtain sufficient funding to commence a clinical trial. 

In addition, a clinical trial may be suspended or terminated by us, our current or any future partners, an institutional review board, the FDA or other regulatory authorities due to a number of factors, including: 
 failure by us, CROs or clinical investigators to conduct the clinical trial in accordance with regulatory requirements or our clinical protocols; 

failed inspection of the clinical trial operations or trial sites by the FDA or other regulatory authorities; 

safety or efficacy issues or any determination that a clinical trial presents unacceptable health risks. During an extension of our Phase 1 program for the intravenous formulation in healthy volunteers, aimed to expand the safety margin that would allow greater flexibility of dosing options in patients, we observed adverse events secondary to thrombi formation at site of IV infusion; or 

lack of adequate funding to continue the clinical trial due to unforeseen costs resulting from enrollment delays, requirements to conduct additional trials and studies, increased expenses associated with the services of our CROs and other third parties, or other reasons. 

If we are required to conduct additional clinical trials or other testing of ibrexafungerp or any future product candidates we may seek to develop, we may be delayed in obtaining, or may not be able to obtain, marketing approval for these product candidates. 
 In addition, if our current or any future partners have rights to and responsibility for development of ibrexafungerp or any future product candidates, they may fail to meet their obligations to develop and commercialize the product candidates, including clinical trials for these product candidates. 
 Changes in regulatory requirements and guidance may occur and we or any of our partners may be required by appropriate regulatory authorities to amend clinical trial protocols to reflect these changes. Amendments may require us or any of our partners to resubmit clinical trial protocols to independent review boards for re-examination, which may impact the costs, timing or successful completion of a clinical trial. If we or any of our partners experience delays in the completion of, or 
 26 

if we or our partners terminate, clinical trials, the commercial prospects for ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop will be harmed, and our ability to generate revenue from sales of these product candidates will be prevented or delayed. In addition, many of the factors that cause, or lead to, a delay in the commencement or completion of clinical trials may also ultimately lead to the denial of regulatory approval of a product candidate. 
 Clinical failure can occur at any stage of clinical development. Because the results of earlier clinical trials are not necessarily predictive of future results, any product candidate we or our current or potential future partners advance through clinical trials may not have favorable results in later clinical trials or receive regulatory approval. 
 Clinical failure can occur at any stage of clinical development. Clinical trials may produce negative or inconclusive results, and we or our partners may decide, or regulators may require us, to conduct additional clinical or preclinical testing. In addition, data obtained from tests are susceptible to varying interpretations, and regulators may not interpret data as favorably as we do, which may delay, limit or prevent regulatory approval. Success in preclinical testing and early clinical trials does not ensure that later clinical trials will generate the same results or otherwise provide adequate data to demonstrate the efficacy and safety of a product candidate. Frequently, product candidates that have shown promising results in early clinical trials have subsequently suffered significant setbacks in later clinical trials. In addition, the design of a clinical trial can determine whether its results will support approval of a product application, or approval of a supplemental application to add a new indication or other changes, and flaws or shortcomings in the design of a clinical trial may not become apparent until the clinical trial is well advanced. We may be unable to design and execute a clinical trial to support regulatory approval, or approval of supplemental applications for new indications or other changes. Further, clinical trials of potential products often reveal that it is not practical or feasible to continue development efforts. If ibrexafungerp or any future product candidates are found to be unsafe or lack efficacy, we or our collaborators will not be able to obtain regulatory approval for them and our business would be harmed. For example, if the results of our completed, ongoing or planned Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials of ibrexafungerp do not achieve, to the satisfaction of regulators, the primary efficacy endpoints and demonstrate an acceptable level of safety, the prospects for approval of ibrexafungerp would be materially and adversely affected. A number of companies in the pharmaceutical industry, including those with greater resources and experience than us, have suffered significant setbacks in Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials, even after seeing promising results in earlier clinical trials. 
 In some instances, there can be significant variability in safety and/or efficacy results between different trials of the same product candidate due to numerous factors, including differences in trial protocols and design, differences in size and type of the patient populations, adherence to the dosing regimen and the rate of dropout among clinical trial participants. Further, the patients taking ibrexafungerp often have other significant medical issues, such as organ transplants, cancer or other conditions in which their immune systems are suppressed, which makes it difficult to measure the effect of ibrexafungerp in the presence of these medical issues. We do not know whether any Phase 2, Phase 3 or other clinical trials we or any partners may conduct will demonstrate consistent and/or adequate efficacy and safety to obtain regulatory approval to market ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop. 
 We have only submitted one NDA and one supplemental NDA before, and we may be unable to do so for ibrexafungerp in additional indications or any future product candidate we may seek to develop. 
 Merck completed seven Phase 1 clinical trials of ibrexafungerp and we have completed 17 Phase 1 clinical trials, four Phase 2 trials, and have initiated six Phase 3 trials, three of which have been completed and three of which are ongoing. The conduct of successful Phase 2 and Phase 3 clinical trials is essential in obtaining regulatory approval, and the submission of a successful NDA is a complicated process. We have limited experience in preparing and submitting regulatory filings, have previously only sponsored four Phase 2 clinical trials and six Phase 3 clinical trials, and we have only submitted one NDA and one NDA Efficacy Supplement. Consequently, we may be unable to successfully and efficiently execute and complete our ongoing and planned clinical trials in a way that is acceptable to the FDA and leads to an approval of additional indications for ibrexafungerp or any future product candidate we may seek to develop. We may require more time and incur greater costs than our competitors and may not succeed in obtaining regulatory approvals of product candidates that we may seek to develop. In addition, failure to commence or complete, or delays in, our planned clinical trials would prevent us from or delay us in commercializing ibrexafungerp or any future product candidate we may develop. 
 The environment in which our regulatory submissions may be reviewed changes over time, which may make it more difficult to obtain regulatory approval of any of our product candidates we may seek to develop or commercialize. 
 The environment in which regulatory submissions are reviewed changes over time. For example, average review times at the FDA for NDAs have fluctuated over the last ten years, and we cannot predict the review time for any submission with any regulatory authorities. Review times can be affected by a variety of factors, including budget and funding levels and statutory, regulatory and policy changes. Moreover, in light of widely publicized events concerning the safety risks of certain drug products, regulatory authorities, members of Congress, the Government Accountability Office, medical professionals and the general public have raised concerns about potential drug safety issues. These events have resulted in the withdrawal of drug products, revisions to drug labeling that further limit use of the drug products and establishment of risk evaluation and 
 27 

mitigation strategies that may, for instance, restrict distribution of drug products. The increased attention to drug safety issues may result in a more cautious approach by the FDA to clinical trials. Data from preclinical studies and clinical trials may receive greater scrutiny with respect to safety, which may make the FDA or other regulatory authorities more likely to terminate clinical trials before completion, or require longer or additional clinical trials that may result in substantial additional expense, a delay or failure in obtaining approval or approval for a more limited indication or conditions of use than originally sought. 
 In addition, data obtained from preclinical studies and clinical trials are subject to different interpretations, which could delay, limit or prevent regulatory review or approval of product candidates. Changes in FDA personnel responsible for review of our submissions could also impact the manner in which our data are viewed. Furthermore, regulatory attitudes towards the data and results required to demonstrate safety and efficacy can change over time and can be affected by many factors, such as the emergence of new information, including information on other products, policy changes and agency funding, staffing and leadership. We do not know whether future changes to the regulatory environment will be favorable or unfavorable to our business prospects. 
 If BREXAFEMME, ibrexafungerp for other indications or any other future product candidates for which we receive regulatory approval do not achieve broad market acceptance, the revenue that is generated from their sales will be limited. 
 The commercial success of BREXAFEMME, ibrexafungerp for other indications or any other product candidates we may seek to develop will depend upon the acceptance of these product candidates among physicians, patients, the medical community and healthcare payors. The degree of market acceptance of product candidates will depend on a number of factors, including: 
 limitations or warnings contained in the FDA-approved labeling; 

changes in the standard of care for the targeted indications; 

limitations in the approved indications; 

availability of alternative therapies with potentially advantageous results, or other products with similar results at similar or lower cost, including generics and over-the-counter products; 

lower demonstrated clinical safety or efficacy compared to other products; 

occurrence of significant adverse side effects; 

ineffective sales, marketing and distribution support; 

lack of availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from governmental health care programs, managed care plans and other third-party payors; 

timing of market introduction and perceived effectiveness of competitive products; 

lack of cost-effectiveness; 

adverse publicity about our product candidates or favorable publicity about competitive products; 

lack of convenience and ease of administration; and 

potential product liability claims. 

If BREXAFEMME, or ibrexafungerp for other indications or any future product candidates we may seek to develop are approved, but do not achieve an adequate level of acceptance by physicians, healthcare payors and patients, sufficient revenue may not be generated from these product candidates, and we may not become or remain profitable. In addition, efforts to educate the medical community and third-party payors on the benefits of our product candidates may require significant resources and may never be successful. 
 A significant use of antifungal drugs consists of treatment due to the presence of symptoms before diagnosis of the invasive fungal infections, and if recently approved diagnostic tools, or additional tools currently under development, for the quick diagnosis of invasive fungal infections are broadly used in the marketplace, the number of treatments using antifungal drugs may decrease significantly, decreasing the potential market for ibrexafungerp. 
 We believe that a large portion of the treatments using antifungal drugs are administered when symptoms of invasive fungal infections are present but a diagnosis of the infection has not yet been made, due to the rapid and potentially fatal progression of invasive fungal infections. Diagnostic tools recently approved by the FDA, or currently under development, for the rapid diagnosis of invasive fungal infections may significantly diminish the need to treat patients in advance of diagnosis of 
 28 

invasive fungal infections, which will reduce the potential market for ibrexafungerp in the event that we are able to obtain FDA approval of ibrexafungerp. Moreover, if a rapid and accurate test of the susceptibility of a fungal infection to generically available treatments is developed and widely adopted, the market for ibrexafungerp may suffer. 
 If resistance to ibrexafungerp develops quickly or cross-resistance with echinocandins becomes more common, our business will be harmed. 
 We recognize that, over time, resistance develops against every antibacterial and antifungal drug. One or more strains of fungal pathogens may develop resistance to ibrexafungerp more rapidly than we currently expect, either because our hypothesis of the mechanism of action is incorrect or because a strain of fungi undergoes some unforeseen genetic mutation that permits it to survive. Since we expect lower resistance relative to other antifungal drug classes to be a major factor in the commercialization of ibrexafungerp, rapid development of such resistance or development of cross resistance with echinocandins would have a major adverse impact on the acceptability and sales of ibrexafungerp. 
 If regulatory approval of the IV formulation of ibrexafungerp is not obtained, ibrexafungerp may not achieve broad market acceptance and sales will be limited. 
 On March 2, 2017, we announced that the FDA had placed a clinical hold on our IV formulation, instructing us to hold the initiation of any new clinical studies with our IV formulation until the FDA completes a review of all available pre-clinical and clinical data of the IV formulation of ibrexafungerp. In January 2018, we announced encouraging pre-clinical results for the prototype liposomal IV formulation of ibrexafungerp, showing improved local tolerability profile at the infusion site in head-to-head pre-clinical evaluations with the cyclodextrin-based IV formulation. In August 2018, we announced that as part of our development plans, the process for the liposomal formulation was transferred for scale-up purposes at a manufacturing site intended to provide clinical supplies. Additional preclinical evaluations were performed with the scaled-up formulation, which unexpectedly revealed differences in tolerability at the injection site, delaying advancement of the IV product into human trials. As it is generally recognized that changes to manufacturing processes and/or scale-up can impact the characteristics of drug products, particularly for more technically complex formulations such as liposomal products, we are currently working with our vendors and CMC experts to enable us to resume the pre-IND pre-clinical activities for the IV formulation of ibrexafungerp in the U.S. If the FDA does not permit us to initiate new clinical studies with our IV formulation, or following the GSK Closing GSK determines not to pursue the IV formulation, we will not be able to develop and commercialize an IV formulation of ibrexafungerp, which would harm our business prospects or our ability to receive payments with respect to the IV formulation under the License Agreement with GSK. 
 Our approved product and product candidates may have undesirable side effects that may delay or prevent marketing approval, or, if approval is received, require them to be taken off the market or otherwise limit their sales. 
 It is impossible to predict when or if ibrexafungerp for indications other than VVC, RVVC or any other product candidate we may seek to develop will prove effective or safe, or whether we or GSK will receive marketing approval for ibrexafungerp for the treatment of indications other than VVC, RVVC, or whether we will receive marketing approval for any other products we may seek to develop. Unforeseen side effects from any product candidates could arise either during clinical development or, if approved, after the product has been marketed. The most commonly reported adverse events after oral administration of ibrexafungerp have been gastrointestinal (GI) events (i.e., nausea, diarrhea, vomiting). The gastrointestinal events reported have typically been transient (i.e., short duration), mild or moderate and not leading to discontinuation. The most commonly reported adverse events after IV administration of ibrexafungerp have been local reactions at the site of infusion. During our Phase 1 IV program in healthy volunteers, aimed to expand the safety margin that would allow greater flexibility of dosing options in patients, we observed three mild-to-moderate thrombotic events in healthy volunteers receiving the IV formulation of ibrexafungerp at the highest doses and highest concentrations in a Phase 1 study. These events were reported to FDA as 15-day alert reports because they were unexpected and required anticoagulant therapy. The potential contribution of the IV formulation of ibrexafungerp to these events cannot be ruled out even though rates of thrombotic events due to intravenous catheters reported in the literature are comparable to those observed in the Phase 1 study. 
 Serious adverse events (SAEs) are common when conducting clinical trials in a seriously ill population such as patients experiencing invasive candidiasis. Several SAEs have been reported in our clinical trials but only four of the events have been deemed by the investigator to be potentially related to ibrexafungerp, although other contributing factors could not be ruled out. These four serious adverse events include: one event of elevation of liver function tests in a subject who received a single dose of oral ibrexafungerp (resolved) and three events secondary to thrombi formation at site of IV infusion with the cyclodextrin-based IV formulation. 
 Preclinical findings in the future could trigger the need to evaluate or monitor for specific potential safety concerns in clinical trials. The results of our clinical trials may show that ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop cause undesirable or unacceptable side effects, which could interrupt, delay or halt clinical trials, resulting in delay of, or failure to obtain, marketing approval from the FDA and other regulatory authorities, or may lead us to abandon their development altogether. 
 29 

We or others may subsequently identify undesirable or unacceptable side effects caused by BREXAFEMME or any future product candidate we may seek to develop, in which case: 
 regulatory authorities may require the addition of labeling statements, specific warnings, precautions, contraindications or field alerts to physicians and pharmacies; 

we or GSK may be required to change the way the product is administered, conduct additional clinical trials or change the labeling of the product; 

there may be limitations on how the product can be promoted; 

sales of the product may decrease significantly; 

regulatory authorities may require us or GSK to take our approved product off the market; 

we may be subject to litigation or product liability claims; and 

our reputation may suffer. 

Any of these events could prevent us or our current or potential future partners from achieving or maintaining market acceptance of the affected product or could substantially increase commercialization costs and expenses, which in turn could delay or prevent us from generating significant revenue from the sale of products. 
 If we are unable to establish an effective marketing infrastructure, we may not be able to successfully commercialize ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop. 
 In the event that we are able to obtain regulatory approval to commercialize our product candidates and determine to develop sales, distribution and marketing capabilities, this would require substantial resources and would be time consuming. The costs incurred in the development of these capabilities, either internally or through a third-party contract sales organization, would be incurred in advance of any approval of a product candidate. In addition, we may not be able to hire a sales force in the United States that is sufficient in size or has adequate expertise in the medical markets that we intend to target. If we are unable to establish our sales force and marketing capability, our operating results may be adversely affected. We currently have a development license and supply agreement with R-Pharm, a leading supplier of hospital drugs in Russia, pursuant to which we license to R-Pharm rights to develop and commercialize ibrexafungerp in the field of human health in Russia and certain smaller non-core markets. We plan to enter into additional sales and marketing or licensing arrangements with third parties for international sales of any approved products. If we are unable to enter into or maintain any such arrangements on acceptable terms, or at all, or these entities fail to perform as we intend under these agreements, we may be unable to market and sell ibrexafungerp or any future product candidates we may seek to develop in these markets. 
 We expect that BREXAFEMME, ibrexafungerp for the treatment of other indications, and any future product candidates we may seek to develop will face competition, and most of our competitors have significantly greater resources than we do. 
 The pharmaceutical industry is highly competitive, with a number of established, large pharmaceutical companies, as well as many smaller companies. There are many foreign and domestic pharmaceutical companies, biotechnology companies, public and private universities, government agencies and research organizations actively engaged in research and development of products that may target the same markets as ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop. We expect any products we develop to compete on the basis of, among other things, product efficacy, lack of significant adverse side effects and convenience and ease of treatment. For example, BREXAFEMME competes, and ibrexafungerp for other indications will compete, against current leading antifungal drugs, including voriconazole from the azole class, caspofungin from the echinocandin class, and liposomal amphotericin B from the polyenes class, many of which are currently available in generic form, or expected to be available in generic form at the time IV ibrexafungerp might be approved. 
 Compared to us, many of our competitors in the antifungal market have, and potential competitors for any future product candidates we may seek to develop may have, substantially greater: 
 resources, including capital, personnel and technology; 

research and development capability; 

clinical trial expertise; 

regulatory expertise; 

intellectual property portfolios; 

expertise in prosecution of intellectual property rights; 

30 

manufacturing and distribution expertise; and 

sales and marketing expertise. 

As a result of these factors, our competitors and potential competitors may obtain regulatory approval of their products more rapidly than we do. Our competitors and potential competitors may also develop drugs that are more effective, more widely used and less costly than ours and may also be more successful than us in manufacturing and marketing their products and maintaining compliance with ongoing regulatory requirements. 
 Reimbursement decisions by third-party payors may have an adverse effect on pricing and market acceptance in the United States for BREXAFEMME, ibrexafungerp, and any future product candidates we may seek to develop. If there is not sufficient reimbursement for our products, it is less likely that our products will be purchased by patients and/or providers. 
 Successful commercialization of pharmaceutical products usually depends on the availability of coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors, including commercial insurers and federal and state healthcare programs. Patients and/or healthcare providers who purchase drugs generally rely on third-party payors to reimburse all or part of the costs associated with such products. As such, coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors can be essential to new product acceptance and may have an effect on pricing. 
 We do not know the extent to which BREXAFEMME will be able to obtain favorable coverage and adequate reimbursement from third-party payors. If we choose to bring other product candidates to market, they will be subject to similar uncertainty. We believe that ibrexafungerp and any other product candidates that are brought to market are less likely to be purchased by patients and/or providers if they are not adequately reimbursed by third-party payors. 
 In the United States, no uniform policy of coverage and reimbursement for drug products exists among third-party payors. As a result, the coverage determination process is often a time-consuming and costly process that will require us to provide scientific and clinical support for the use of our products to each payor separately, with no assurance that coverage and adequate reimbursement will be obtained. Furthermore, the market for our product candidates may depend on access to third-party payors drug formularies, or lists of medications for which third-party payors provide coverage and reimbursement. Industry competition to be included in such formularies results in downward pricing pressures on pharmaceutical companies. Third-party payors may refuse to include a particular branded drug in their formularies when a competing generic product is available. The adoption of certain payment methodologies by third-party payors may limit our ability to profit from the sale of ibrexafungerp. For example, under Medicare, hospitals are reimbursed under an inpatient prospective payment system. This pricing methodology provides a single payment amount to hospitals based on a given diagnosis-related group. As a result, with respect to Medicare reimbursement for services in the hospital inpatient setting, hospitals could have a financial incentive to use the least expensive drugs for the treatment of invasive fungal infections, particularly the IV formulations of these drugs, as they are typically administered in the hospital, which may significantly impact our ability to charge a premium for ibrexafungerp. Coverage policies and third-party reimbursement rates may change at any time. Even if favorable coverage and reimbursement status is attained for BREXAFEMME or other products for which the Company receives regulatory approval, less favorable coverage policies and reimbursement rates may be implemented in the future. 
 All third-party payors, whether governmental or commercial, are developing increasingly sophisticated methods of controlling healthcare costs, including mechanisms to encourage the use of generic drugs. Congress has also considered policies to lower the reimbursement formulas in federal and state healthcare programs. Furthermore, coverage of, and reimbursement for, drugs can differ significantly from payor to payor and may require significant time and resources to obtain. In addition, new laws or regulations could impact future coverage and reimbursement. 
 Healthcare policy changes may have a material adverse effect on us. 
 In recent years, there have been numerous initiatives on the federal and state levels for comprehensive reforms affecting healthcare industry, including reforms related to the payment for, the availability of and reimbursement for healthcare services in the United States, including pharmaceutical products. These initiatives have ranged from proposals to fundamentally change federal and state healthcare reimbursement programs, including providing comprehensive healthcare coverage to the public under governmental funded programs, to minor modifications to existing programs. 
 In March 2010, Congress enacted the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act, as amended by the Health Care and Education Reconciliation Act, or the Affordable Care Act. The Affordable Care Act is designed to expand access to affordable health insurance, control healthcare spending, and improve healthcare quality. The law included provisions to, among other things, tie Medicare provider reimbursement to healthcare quality and incentives, mandatory compliance programs, enhanced transparency disclosure requirements, increased funding and initiatives to address fraud and abuse, and incentives to state Medicaid programs to expand their coverage and services. It also imposed an annual tax on pharmaceutical manufacturers or importers who sell branded prescription drugs. There have been executive, judicial and Congressional challenges to certain aspects of the Affordable Care Act. For example, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 included a provision repealing, effective 
 31 

January 1, 2019, the tax-based shared responsibility payment imposed by the Affordable Care Act on certain individuals who fail to maintain qualifying health coverage for all or part of a year that is commonly referred to as the individual mandate . 
 On June 17, 2021 the U.S. Supreme Court dismissed a challenge on procedural grounds that argued the Affordable Care Act is unconstitutional in its entirety because the individual mandate was repealed by Congress. On August 16, 2022, President Biden signed the Inflation Reduction Act of 2022, or IRA, into law, which among other things, extends enhanced subsidies for individuals purchasing health insurance coverage in Affordable Care Act marketplaces through plan year 2025. The IRA also eliminates the donut hole under the Medicare Part D program beginning in 2025 by significantly lowering the beneficiary maximum out-of-pocket cost and creating a new manufacturer discount program. It is possible that the Affordable Care Act will be subject to judicial or Congressional challenges in the future. It is unclear how such challenges and the healthcare reform measures of the Biden Administration will impact the Affordable Care Act and our business. 
 In addition, other legislative changes have been proposed and adopted in the United States since the Affordable Care Act was enacted. These changes included aggregate reductions to Medicare payments to providers of up to 2 per fiscal year, effective April 1, 2013, which, due to subsequent legislative amendments, including the Infrastructure Investment and Jobs Act, will stay in effect until 2031 unless additional Congressional action is taken. Under current legislation the actual reduction in Medicare payments will vary from 1 in 2022 to up to 4 in the final fiscal year of this sequester. 
 Further, there has been heightened governmental scrutiny in the United States of pharmaceutical pricing practices in light of the rising cost of prescription drugs. Such scrutiny has resulted in several recent congressional inquiries, Presidential executive orders, and proposed and enacted federal and state legislation designed to, among other things, bring more transparency to product pricing, review the relationship between pricing and manufacturer patient programs, and reform government program reimbursement methodologies for products. For example, in July 2021, the Biden administration released an executive order, Promoting Competition in the American Economy, with multiple provisions aimed at prescription drugs. In response to Biden s executive order, on September 9, 2021, the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, or HHS, released a Comprehensive Plan for Addressing High Drug Prices that outlines principles for drug pricing reform and sets out a variety of potential legislative policies that Congress could pursue as well as potential administrative actions HHS can take to advance these principles. Further, the IRA, among other things (i) directs HHS to negotiate the price of certain high-expenditure, single-source drugs and biologics covered under Medicare and (ii) imposes rebates under Medicare Part B and Medicare Part D to penalize price increases that outpace inflation. These provisions will take effect progressively starting in fiscal year 2023, although they may be subject to legal challenges. It is currently unclear how the IRA will be implemented but is likely to have a significant impact on the pharmaceutical industry. Additionally, the Biden administration released an additional executive order on October 14, 2022, directing HHS to report on how the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation can be further leveraged to test new models for lowering drug costs for Medicare and Medicaid beneficiaries. 
 We cannot predict what healthcare reform initiatives may be adopted in the future, particularly in light of the new presidential administration. Further federal, state and foreign legislative and regulatory developments are likely, and we expect ongoing initiatives to increase pressure on drug pricing, which could have a negative impact on our sales of any future approved products. 
 We expect that a portion of the market for BREXAFEMME, ibrexafungerp for other indications and any other product candidates we may seek to develop will be outside the United States. However, our product candidates may never receive approval or be commercialized outside of the United States. 
 Before we or any commercial partners (including GSK) can market and commercialize any product candidates outside of the United States, there are numerous and varying regulatory requirements of other countries that will apply. Research and marketing authorization procedures vary among countries and can involve additional product testing and administrative review periods. The marketing authorization process in other countries may include all of the risks detailed above regarding failure to obtain FDA approval in the United States as well as other risks. Regulatory approval in one country does not ensure regulatory approval in another, but a failure or delay in obtaining regulatory approval in one country, or identification of potential safety concerns in one country, may have a negative effect on the regulatory process in others. Failure to obtain regulatory approval in other countries or any delay or setback in obtaining such approval could have the same adverse effects detailed above regarding FDA approval in the United States. As described above, such effects include the risks that: 
 ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop may not generate preclinical or clinical data that are deemed sufficient by regulators in a given jurisdiction; 

ibrexafungerp may not be approved for all indications requested, or any indications at all, in a given jurisdiction which could limit the uses of ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop and have an adverse effect on product sales and potential royalties; and 

such approval in a given jurisdiction may be subject to limitations on the indicated uses for which the product may be marketed or require costly post-marketing follow-up studies. 

32 

Foreign countries may have requirements for marketing authorization holders or distributors to have a legal or physical presence in that country, and consideration of and compliance with these requirements may result in additional time and expense before we can pursue or obtain marketing authorization in foreign jurisdictions. If we do receive approval in other countries, we may enter into sales and marketing arrangements with third parties for international sales of any approved products. 
 BREXAFEMME, ibrexafungerp, or any other future product candidates we may seek to develop, may still face future development and regulatory difficulties. 
 For BREXAFEMME, ibrexafungerp, or any other future product candidates we may seek to develop, regulatory authorities may still impose significant restrictions on a product s indicated uses or marketing or impose ongoing requirements for potentially costly post-approval studies. Given the number of high profile adverse events with certain drug products, regulatory authorities may require, as a condition of approval, costly risk evaluation and mitigation strategies, which may include safety surveillance, restricted distribution and use, patient education, enhanced labeling, expedited reporting of certain adverse events, pre-approval of promotional materials and restrictions on direct-to-consumer advertising. For example, any labeling approved for any of our product candidates may include a restriction on the term of its use, or it may not include one or more intended indications. Furthermore, any new legislation addressing drug safety issues could result in delays or increased costs during the period of product development, clinical trials and regulatory review and approval, as well as increased costs to assure compliance with any new post-approval regulatory requirements. Any of these restrictions or requirements could force us or our partners to conduct costly studies. 
 BREXAFEMME, ibrexafungerp, and any other future product candidates we may seek to develop will also be subject to ongoing regulatory requirements for the packaging, storage, advertising, promotion, record-keeping and submission of safety and other post-market information on the drug. In addition, approved products, manufacturers and manufacturers facilities are required to comply with extensive FDA requirements, including ensuring that quality control and manufacturing procedures conform to current Good Manufacturing Practices (cGMP). As such, we and our contract manufacturers, which we will be responsible for overseeing and monitoring for compliance, are subject to continual review and periodic inspections to assess compliance with cGMP. Accordingly, we and others with whom we work must continue to expend time, money and effort in all areas of regulatory compliance, including manufacturing, production and quality control. The FDA may hold us responsible for any deficiencies or noncompliance of our contract manufacturers in relation to ibrexafungerp and any other future product candidates we may seek to develop. Failure to follow cGMP can result in products being deemed adulterated, which carries significant legal implications. We will also be required to engage in pharmacovigilance activities and report certain adverse reactions and production problems, if any, to the FDA and to comply with certain requirements concerning advertising and promotion for products. Promotional communications with respect to prescription drugs are subject to a variety of legal and regulatory restrictions and must be consistent with the information in the product s approved label. As such, we may not promote products for indications or uses for which they do not have approval. Failure to comply with FDA advertising and promotion standards, which are often subject to interpretation by regulators, may result in a wide range of exposure and liability for us. 
 If a regulatory agency discovers previously unknown problems with a product, such as adverse events of unanticipated severity or frequency, or problems with the facility where the product is manufactured or disagrees with the promotion, marketing or labeling of a product, a regulatory agency may impose restrictions on that product or us, including requiring withdrawal of the product from the market. If the manufacturing or marketing of products fail to comply with applicable regulatory requirements, a regulatory agency may: 
 issue warning letters; 

mandate modifications to promotional materials or require us to provide corrective information to healthcare practitioners; 

require us or our partners to enter into a consent decree, which can include imposition of various fines, reimbursements for inspection costs, required due dates for specific actions and penalties for noncompliance; 

impose other civil or criminal penalties; 

suspend regulatory approval; 

suspend any ongoing clinical trials; 

refuse to approve pending applications or supplements to approved applications filed by us, our partners or our potential future partners; 

impose restrictions on operations, including costly new manufacturing requirements; or 

seize or detain products or require a product recall. 

33 

Non-compliance may also open a company to potential whistleblower lawsuits and the potential for liability under the False Claims Act. 
 Pharmaceutical companies are subject to significant ongoing regulatory obligations and oversight, which may result in significant additional expense and limit our ability to commercialize our products. 
 We are subject to regulation by other regional, national, state and local agencies, including the Department of Justice, the Office of Inspector General of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and other regulatory bodies. Violations of any of such laws and regulations could result in significant penalties being assessed against us. 
 The federal Anti-Kickback Statute prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully offering, paying, soliciting, or receiving remuneration to induce or in return for purchasing, leasing, ordering or arranging for the purchase, lease or order of any healthcare item or service reimbursable under Medicare, Medicaid or other federally financed healthcare programs. This statute has been interpreted to apply to arrangements between pharmaceutical companies on one hand and prescribers, purchasers and formulary managers on the other. The Affordable Care Act, among other things, clarified that a person or entity need not have actual knowledge of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute or specific intent to violate it, in order to have committed a violation. In addition, the Affordable Care Act amended the federal civil False Claims Act to provide that a claim that includes items or services resulting from a violation of the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, constitutes a false or fraudulent claim for purposes of the federal civil False Claims Act. There are a number of statutory exceptions and regulatory safe harbors protecting certain common activities from prosecution or other regulatory sanctions, however, the exceptions and safe harbors are drawn narrowly, and practices that do not fit squarely within an exception or safe harbor may be subject to scrutiny. 
 The federal civil and criminal false claims laws, including the federal civil False Claims Act, and civil monetary penalties law, prohibit any person from, among other things, knowingly presenting, or causing to be presented, claims for payment of government funds that are false or fraudulent or knowingly making, or causing to be made, a false record or statement material to a false or fraudulent claim to avoid, decrease or conceal an obligation to pay money to the federal government. Many pharmaceutical and other healthcare companies have been investigated and have reached substantial financial settlements with the federal government under these laws for a variety of alleged marketing activities, including providing free product to customers with the expectation that the customers would bill federal programs for the product; providing consulting fees, grants, free travel, and other benefits to physicians to induce them to prescribe the company s products; and inflating prices reported to private price publication services, which are used to set drug payment rates under government healthcare programs. Companies have been prosecuted for causing false claims to be submitted because of the marketing of their products for unapproved uses and have also been prosecuted on other legal theories of Medicare and Medicaid fraud. 
 The federal Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996. or HIPAA, which prohibits, among other things, knowingly and willfully executing, or attempting to execute, a scheme to defraud any healthcare benefit program, regardless of the payor (e.g., public or private). Similar to the federal Anti-Kickback Statute, a person or entity need not have actual knowledge the statute or specific intent to violate it, in order to have committed a violation. 
 HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and their implementing regulations, which impose certain obligations with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information on covered entities, such as certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses and their respective business associates, as well as their covered subcontractors, that perform services for them, which involve the creation, receipt, use, maintenance, transmission or disclosure of, individually identifiable health information for or on behalf of a covered entity. 
 The Physician Payments Sunshine Act, created under the Affordable Care Act, which require certain manufacturers of drugs, devices, biologics and medical supplies for which payment is available under Medicare, Medicaid or the Children s Health Insurance Program (with certain exceptions) to report annually to the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services information related to payments or other transfers of value made to physicians (defined to include doctors, dentists, optometrists, podiatrists and chiropractors), other healthcare professionals (such as physician assistants and nurse practitioners), and teaching hospitals, as well as ownership and investment interests held by physicians and their immediate family members. 
 The majority of states also have statutes or regulations similar to these laws, which apply to items and services reimbursed under Medicaid and other state programs, or, in several states, apply regardless of the payor. Some of these states also prohibit certain marketing related activities including the provision of gifts, meals, or other items to certain health care providers. In addition, certain states, including California, Connecticut, Nevada, and Massachusetts, require pharmaceutical companies to implement compliance programs or marketing codes. Certain states also require pharmaceutical companies to file periodic reports with the state on sales, marketing, pricing, clinical trials and/or other activities, and/or register their sales and medical representatives. 
 Compliance with various federal and state laws is difficult and time consuming, and companies that violate them may face substantial penalties. The potential sanctions include significant administrative, civil and criminal penalties, including 
 34 

monetary fines, exclusion from participation in federal health care programs, integrity oversight and reporting obligations to resolve allegations of non-compliance with these laws, disgorgement, criminal fines, imprisonment, contractual damage, reputational harm, diminished profits and future earnings, and curtailment or restructuring of our operations, any of which could adversely affect our ability to operate our business and our results of operations. Because of the breadth of these laws and the lack of extensive legal guidance in the form of regulations or court decisions, it is possible that some of our business activities or those of our commercial partners could be subject to challenge under one or more of these laws. Such a challenge could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and growth prospects. 
 We could become subject to government investigations and related subpoenas. Such subpoenas are often associated with previously filed qui tam actions, or lawsuits filed under seal under the federal civil False Claims Act. Qui tam actions are brought by private plaintiffs suing on behalf of the federal government for alleged federal civil False Claims Act violations. The time and expense associated with responding to such subpoenas, and any related qui tam or other actions may be extensive, and we cannot predict the results of our review of the responsive documents and underlying facts or the results of such actions. Responding to government investigations, defending any claims raised, and any resulting fines, restitution, damages and penalties, settlement payments or administrative actions, as well as any related actions brought by stockholders or other third parties, could have a material impact on our reputation, business and financial condition and divert the attention of our management from operating our business. 
 The number and complexity of both federal and state laws continues to increase, and additional governmental resources are being added to enforce these laws and to prosecute companies and individuals who are believed to be violating them. In particular, the Affordable Care Act includes a number of provisions aimed at strengthening the government s ability to pursue federal Anti-Kickback Statute and federal False Claims Act cases against pharmaceutical manufacturers and other healthcare entities, including substantially increased funding for healthcare fraud enforcement activities, enhanced investigative powers, and amendments to the federal civil False Claims Act that make it easier for the government and whistleblowers to pursue cases for alleged kickback and false claim violations. Responding to a government investigation or enforcement action would be expensive and time-consuming and could have a material adverse effect on our business and financial condition and growth prospects. 
 If we fail to comply with applicable federal, state, or local regulatory requirements, we could be subject to a range of regulatory actions that could affect our ability to commercialize our products and could harm or prevent sales of any affected products that we are able to commercialize, or could substantially increase the costs and expenses of commercializing and marketing our products. Any threatened or actual government enforcement action could also generate adverse publicity and require that we devote substantial resources that could otherwise be used in other aspects of our business. 
 Regulations, guidelines and recommendations published by various government agencies and organizations may affect the use of ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop. 
 Government agencies may issue regulations and guidelines directly applicable to us, our partners or our potential future partners and our product candidates. In addition, professional societies, practice management groups, private health/science foundations and organizations involved in various diseases from time to time publish guidelines or recommendations to the healthcare and patient communities. These various sorts of recommendations may relate to such matters as product usage, dosage, and route of administration and use of related or competing therapies. Changes to these recommendations or other guidelines advocating alternative therapies could result in decreased use of ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 Risks Related to Our Dependence on Third Parties 
 We are dependent on our License Agreement with GSK to commercialize ibrexafungerp other than in the Greater China region and in the Russian Federation and certain other countries, and if GSK is not successful in commercializing ibrexafungerp in these areas, we will lose a significant source of potential revenue. 
 Under the License Agreement with GSK, who will pay us milestone payments upon the achievement of specified regulatory, commercial and sales milestone events, as well as royalties on sales of ibrexafungerp in those countries in its territory, or determines not to pursue commercialization of ibrexafungerp in those countries, we will not receive any commercial or sales milestone or royalty payments under the License Agreement. 
 We are dependent on our existing third-party collaboration with Hansoh to commercialize ibrexafungerp in the Greater China region, and if Hansoh is not successful in commercializing ibrexafungerp in these areas, we will lose a significant source of potential revenue. 
 We currently have an exclusive license and collaboration agreement with Hansoh who will pay us milestone payments upon the achievement of specified development and commercial milestones. In addition, Hansoh will pay us royalties upon sales of ibrexafungerp by Hansoh. We are relying on Hansoh to commercialize ibrexafungerp in the Greater China area, including mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan, and if Hansoh is not able to commercialize ibrexafungerp in those 
 35 

countries, or determines not to pursue commercialization of ibrexafungerp in those countries, we will not receive any milestone or royalty payments under the agreement. 
 We are dependent on our existing third-party collaboration with R-Pharm to commercialize ibrexafungerp in the Russian Federation and certain other countries, and if R-Pharm is not successful in commercializing ibrexafungerp in those countries, we will lose a significant source of potential revenue. 
 We currently have a development license and supply agreement with R-Pharm, a leading supplier of hospital drugs in Russia, pursuant to which we license to R-Pharm rights to develop and commercialize ibrexafungerp in the field of human health in Russia and certain smaller non-core markets. R-Pharm will pay us milestone payments upon the achievement of specified milestones, including registration of ibrexafungerp in a country and upon the achievement of specified levels of sales. In addition, R-Pharm will pay us royalties upon sales of ibrexafungerp by R-Pharm. We are relying on R-Pharm to commercialize ibrexafungerp in the countries covered by our agreement with it, and if R-Pharm is not able to commercialize ibrexafungerp in those countries, or determines not to pursue commercialization of ibrexafungerp in those countries, we will not receive any milestone or royalty payments under the agreement. 
 On February 24, 2022, Russia launched an invasion of Ukraine which has resulted in increased volatility in various financial markets and across various sectors. The U.S. and other countries, along with certain international organizations, have imposed economic sanctions on Russia and certain Russian individuals, banking entities and corporations as a response to the invasion. The extent and duration of the military action, resulting sanctions and future market disruptions in the region are impossible to predict. Moreover, the ongoing effects of the hostilities and sanctions may not be limited to Russia and Russian companies and may spill over to and negatively impact other regional and global economic markets of the world, including Europe and the U.S. The ongoing military action along with the potential for a wider conflict could further increase financial market volatility and cause negative effects on regional and global economic markets, industries, and companies. It is not currently possible to determine the severity of any potential adverse impact of this event on our financial condition, or more broadly, upon the global economy. 
 We may not be successful in establishing and maintaining development and commercialization collaborations, which could adversely affect our ability to develop and commercialize product candidates. 
 Developing pharmaceutical products, conducting clinical trials, obtaining regulatory approval, establishing manufacturing capabilities and marketing approved products is expensive. Consequently, a portion of our strategy is to license to third parties rights to develop and commercialize product candidates, including candidates we have discovered other than ibrexafungerp, and if these third parties do not perform under our agreements with them, we will not receive any revenue from these collaborations. For example, we currently have a development license and supply agreement with R-Pharm, pursuant to which we license to R-Pharm rights to develop and commercialize ibrexafungerp in the field of human health in Russia and certain smaller non-core markets, and if ibrexafungerp receives marketing approval, we may enter into additional sales and marketing arrangements with third parties for international sales. If we are unable to enter into any of these arrangements on acceptable terms, or at all, we may be unable to market and sell ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop in certain markets. We expect to face competition in seeking appropriate collaborators. Moreover, collaboration arrangements are complex and time consuming to negotiate, document and implement and they may require substantial resources to maintain. We may not be successful in our efforts to establish and implement collaborations or other alternative arrangements for the development of product candidates. When we partner with a third party for development and commercialization of a product candidate, we can expect to relinquish to the third party some or all of the control over the future success of that product candidate. Our collaboration partner may not devote sufficient resources to the commercialization of product candidates or may otherwise fail in their commercialization. The terms of any collaboration or other arrangement that we establish may not be favorable to us. In addition, any collaboration that we enter into may be unsuccessful in the development and commercialization of product candidates. In some cases, we may be responsible for continuing preclinical and initial clinical development of a partnered product candidate or research program, and the payment we receive from our collaboration partner may be insufficient to cover the cost of this development. If we are unable to reach agreements with suitable collaborators for product candidates, we could face increased costs, we may be forced to limit the number of product candidates we can commercially develop or the territories in which we commercialize them and we might fail to commercialize products or programs for which a suitable collaborator cannot be found. If we fail to achieve successful collaborations, our operating results and financial condition will be materially and adversely affected. 
 We depend on third-party contractors for a substantial portion of our drug development activities and may not be able to control their work as effectively as if we performed these functions ourselves. 
 We outsource, and intend to continue to outsource, substantial portions of our drug development activities to third-party service providers, including manufacturing and the conduct of our clinical trials and various preclinical studies. Our agreements with third-party service providers and CROs are and will be on a study-by-study basis and typically short-term. In all cases, we expect to be able to terminate the agreements with notice and be responsible for the supplier s previously incurred costs. 
 36 

Because we rely on third parties, our internal capacity to perform these functions is limited. Outsourcing these functions involves risk that third parties may not perform to our standards, may not produce results in a timely manner or may fail to perform at all. Even if we outsource activities, in most cases regulators will hold us responsible for the compliance of the activities performed, and hold us responsible for oversight and monitoring of the activities. In addition, the use of third-party service providers requires us to disclose our proprietary information to these parties, which could increase the risk that this information will be misappropriated. There are a limited number of third-party service providers that have the expertise required to achieve our business objectives. Identifying, qualifying and managing performance of third-party service providers can be difficult and time consuming and could cause delays in our development programs. We currently have a small number of employees devoted to clinical development activities, which limits the internal resources we have available to identify and monitor our third-party providers. To the extent we are unable to identify, retain and successfully manage the performance of third-party service providers in the future, our business may be adversely affected. 
 As we do not intend to own or operate facilities for manufacturing, storage and distribution of drug substance or drug product we are and will be dependent on third parties for the manufacture of ibrexafungerp. If we experience problems with any of these third parties, the commercial manufacturing of ibrexafungerp could be delayed. 
 The inability to manufacture sufficient commercial supplies of ibrexafungerp could adversely affect product commercialization. We do not currently have any agreements with third-party manufacturers for the long-term commercial supply of ibrexafungerp. We may encounter technical difficulties or delays in the transfer of ibrexafungerp manufacturing on a commercial scale to a third-party manufacturer, or may be unable to enter into agreements for commercial supply with third-party manufacturers, or may be unable to do so on acceptable terms. 
 We may not be able to establish additional sources of supply for ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop. These suppliers are subject to regulatory requirements covering manufacturing, testing, quality control and record keeping relating to product candidates and are also subject to ongoing inspections by the regulatory agencies. Failure by any of our suppliers to comply with applicable regulations may result in long delays and interruptions to our product candidate supply while we seek to secure another supplier that meets all regulatory requirements. 
 Reliance on third-party manufacturers entails risks to which we would not be subject if we manufactured product candidates ourselves, including: 
 the possible breach of the manufacturing agreements or violation of regulatory standards by the third parties because of factors beyond our control; 

the possibility of termination or nonrenewal of the agreements by the third parties because of our breach of the manufacturing agreement or based on their own business priorities; and 

the possibility of unforeseen natural disasters, public health crises, political crises and other catastrophic events or other events outside of our control impacting our third parties, such as the recent emergence and spread of COVID-19, a coronavirus, which may cause delays in the ability of our suppliers to provide us with supplies on a timely basis. 

Any of these factors could result in delays or higher costs in connection with our clinical trials, regulatory submissions, required approvals or commercialization of ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop. 
 If we fail to establish or lose our relationships with CROs, our drug development efforts could be delayed. 
 We are substantially dependent on third-party vendors and CROs for preclinical studies and clinical trials related to our drug discovery and development efforts. If we fail to establish or lose our relationship with any one or more of these providers, we could experience a significant delay in both identifying another comparable provider and then contracting for its services, which could adversely affect our development efforts. We may be unable to retain an alternative provider on reasonable terms, or at all. Even if we locate an alternative provider, it is likely that this provider will need additional time to respond to our needs and may not provide the same type or level of services as the original provider. In addition, any contract research organization that we retain will be subject to the FDA s regulatory requirements and similar foreign standards and we do not have control over compliance with these regulations by these providers. Consequently, if these practices and standards are not adhered to by these providers, the development and commercialization of ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop could be delayed, which could severely harm our business and financial condition. 
 Risks Relating to Our Intellectual Property 
 We were dependent on Merck for the establishment of our intellectual property rights related to ibrexafungerp, and if Merck did not establish our intellectual property rights with sufficient scope to protect ibrexafungerp, we may have limited or no ability to assert intellectual property rights to ibrexafungerp. 
 Under our agreement with Merck, Merck was responsible for establishing the intellectual property rights to ibrexafungerp. As we were not responsible for the establishment of our intellectual property rights to ibrexafungerp, we have 
 37 

less visibility into the strength of our intellectual property rights to ibrexafungerp than if we had been responsible for the establishment of these rights. If Merck did not establish those rights such that they are of sufficient scope to protect ibrexafungerp, then we may not be able to prevent others from using or commercializing ibrexafungerp, and others may be able to assert intellectual property rights in ibrexafungerp and prevent us from further pursuing the development and commercialization of ibrexafungerp. Further, following the GSK Closing, GSK has prosecution and enforcement rights for this IP and, if GSK does not determine to pursue prosecution and enforcement of intellectual property, the value of this intellectual property may diminish or be lost. 
 It is difficult and costly to protect our proprietary rights, and we may not be able to ensure their protection. 
 Our commercial success will depend in part on obtaining and maintaining patent protection and trade secret protection of ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop and the methods used to manufacture them, as well as successfully defending these patents against third-party challenges. Our ability to stop third parties from making, using, selling, offering to sell or importing ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop is dependent upon the extent to which we have rights under valid and enforceable patents or trade secrets that cover these activities. 
 The patent positions of pharmaceutical companies can be highly uncertain and involve complex legal and factual questions for which important legal principles remain unresolved. No absolute policy regarding the breadth of claims allowed in pharmaceutical patents has emerged to date in the United States or in many foreign jurisdictions. Changes in either the patent laws or in interpretations of patent laws in the United States and foreign jurisdictions may diminish the value of our intellectual property. Accordingly, we cannot predict the breadth of claims that may be enforced in the patents that we currently own or that may be issued from the applications we have filed or may file in the future or that we have licensed or may license from third parties, including Merck for ibrexafungerp. Further, if any patents we obtain or license are deemed invalid or unenforceable, it could impact our ability to commercialize or license our technology. 
 The degree of future protection for our proprietary rights is uncertain because legal means afford only limited protection and may not adequately protect our rights or permit us to gain or keep our competitive advantage. For example: 
 others may be able to make compounds that are similar to ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop but that are not covered by the claims of our patents; 

if we encounter delays in our clinical trials, the period of time during which we could market our drug candidates under patent protection would be reduced; 

we might not have been the first to conceive, make or disclose the inventions covered by our patents or pending patent applications; 

we might not have been the first to file patent applications for these inventions; 

any patents that we obtain may be invalid or unenforceable or otherwise may not provide us with any competitive advantages; or 

the patents of others may have a material adverse effect on our business. 

Due to the patent laws of a country, or the decisions of a patent examiner in a country, or our own filing strategies, we may not obtain patent coverage for all of the product candidates that may be disclosed or methods involving these candidates that may be disclosed in the parent patent application. We plan to pursue divisional patent applications and/or continuation patent applications in the United States and many other countries to obtain claim coverage for inventions that were disclosed but not claimed in the parent patent application, but may not succeed in these efforts. 
 Composition of matter patents on the active pharmaceutical ingredient are generally considered to be the strongest form of intellectual property protection for pharmaceutical products, as such patents generally provide protection without regard to any method of use. We cannot be certain that the claims in our patent applications covering composition-of-matter of our drug candidates will be considered patentable by the U.S. Patent and Trademark Office (USPTO) courts in the United States or by the patent offices and courts in foreign countries. Method of use patents protect the use of a product for the method recited in the claims. This type of patent does not prevent a competitor from making and marketing a product that is identical to our product for an indication that is outside the scope of the patented method. Moreover, even if competitors do not actively promote their product for our targeted indications, physicians may prescribe these products off-label. Although off-label prescriptions may infringe or contribute to or induce the infringement of method of use patents, the practice is common and such infringement is difficult to prevent or prosecute. Interference or derivation proceedings provoked by third parties or brought by the USPTO may be necessary to determine the priority of inventions with respect to our patents or patent applications or those of our collaborators or licensors. An unfavorable outcome could require us to cease using the related technology or to attempt to license rights to it from the prevailing party. Our business could be harmed if the prevailing party does not offer us a license on commercially reasonable terms. Litigation, interference, or derivation proceedings may fail, 
 38 

resulting in harm to our business, and, even if successful, may result in substantial costs and distract our management and other employees. 
 We also rely on trade secrets to protect our technology, especially where we do not believe patent protection is appropriate or obtainable. However, trade secrets are difficult to protect. Although we use reasonable efforts to protect our trade secrets, our employees, consultants, contractors, licensees, licensors, outside scientific collaborators and other advisors may unintentionally or willfully disclose our information such that our competitors may obtain it. Enforcing a claim that a third party illegally obtained and is using any of our trade secrets is expensive and time consuming, and the outcome is unpredictable. Moreover, our competitors may independently develop equivalent knowledge, methods and know-how, such as new therapies, including therapies for the indications we are targeting. If others seek to develop similar therapies, their research and development efforts may inhibit our ability to conduct research in certain areas and to expand our intellectual property portfolio, and also have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 We may incur substantial costs as a result of litigation or other proceedings relating to patent and other intellectual property rights and we may be unable to enforce or protect our rights to, or use, our technology. 
 If we choose to go to court to stop another party from using the inventions claimed in any patents we obtain, that individual or company has the right to ask the court to rule that such patents are invalid or should not be enforced. These lawsuits are expensive and would consume time and resources and divert the attention of managerial and scientific personnel even if we were successful in stopping the infringement of such patents or sustaining their validity and enforceability. In addition, there is a risk that the court will decide that such patents are not valid or that we do not have the right to enforce them. There is also the risk that, even if the validity of such patents is upheld, the court will refuse to stop the other party on the grounds that such other party s activities do not infringe such patents. In addition, the United States Court of Appeals for the Federal Circuit and the Supreme Court of the United States continue to address issues under the United States patent laws, and the decisions of those and other courts could adversely affect our ability to sustain the validity of our issued or licensed patents and obtain new patents. 
 Furthermore, a third party may claim that we or our manufacturing or commercialization partners or customers are using inventions covered by the third party s patent rights and may go to court to stop us or our partners and/or customers from engaging in our operations and activities, including making or selling ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop. These lawsuits are costly and could affect our results of operations and divert the attention of managerial and scientific personnel. There is a risk that a court would decide that we or our commercialization partners or customers are infringing the third party s patents and would order us or our partners or customers to stop the activities covered by the patents. In that event, we or our commercialization partners or customers may not have a viable way around the patent and may need to halt commercialization or use of the relevant product. In addition, there is a risk that a court will order us or our partners or customers to pay the other party damages for having violated the other party s patents or obtain one or more licenses from third parties, which may be impossible or require substantial time and expense. We cannot predict whether any license would be available at all or whether it would be available on commercially reasonable terms. Furthermore, even in the absence of litigation, we may need to obtain licenses from third parties to advance our research or allow commercialization of our drug candidates, and we have done so from time to time. We may fail to obtain any of these licenses at a reasonable cost or on reasonable terms, if at all. In such events, we would be unable to further develop and commercialize one or more of our drug candidates, which could harm our business significantly. In the future, we may agree to indemnify our commercial partners and/or customers against certain intellectual property infringement claims brought by third parties which could increase our financial expense, increase our involvement in litigation and/or otherwise materially adversely affect our business. 
 Because of the substantial amount of discovery required in connection with intellectual property litigation, there is a risk that some of our confidential information could be compromised by disclosure during this type of litigation, which could adversely affect our intellectual property rights and our business. In addition, there could be public announcements of the results of hearings, motions or other interim proceedings or developments. If securities analysts or investors perceive these results to be negative, it could have a substantial adverse effect on the price of our common stock. 
 The pharmaceutical and biotechnology industries have produced a proliferation of patents, and it is not always clear to industry participants, including us, which patents cover various types of products or methods of use. The coverage of patents is subject to interpretation by the courts, and the interpretation is not always uniform. If we are sued for patent infringement, we would need to demonstrate that our products or methods either do not infringe the patent claims of the relevant patent or that the patent claims are invalid or unenforceable, and we may not be able to do this. Proving invalidity or unenforceability is difficult. For example, in the United States, proving invalidity requires a showing of clear and convincing evidence to overcome the presumption of validity enjoyed by issued patents. 
 Because some patent applications in the United States may be maintained in secrecy until the patents are issued, because patent applications in the United States and many foreign jurisdictions are typically not published until eighteen months after filing, because searches and examinations of patent applications by the USPTO and other patent offices may not be 
 39 

comprehensive, and because publications in the scientific literature often lag behind actual discoveries, we cannot be certain that others have not filed patent applications for technology covered by our patents or pending applications. Our competitors may have filed, and may in the future file, patent applications and may have obtained patents covering technology similar to ours. Any such patents or patent application may have priority over our patent applications, which could further require us to obtain or license rights to issued patents covering such technologies. If another party has obtained a U.S. patent or filed a U.S. patent application on inventions similar to ours, we may have to participate in a proceeding before the USPTO or in the courts to determine which patent or application has priority. The costs of these proceedings could be substantial, and it is possible that our application or patent could be determined not to have priority, which could adversely affect our intellectual property rights and business. 
 We have received confidential and proprietary information from collaborators, prospective licensees and other third parties. In addition, we employ individuals who were previously employed at other biotechnology or pharmaceutical companies. We may be subject to claims that we or our employees, consultants or independent contractors have improperly used or disclosed confidential information of these third parties or our employees former employers. Litigation may be necessary to defend against these claims. Even if we are successful in defending against these claims, litigation could result in substantial cost and be a distraction to our management and employees. If we are not successful, our ability to continue our operations and our business could be materially, adversely affected. 
 Some of our competitors may be able to sustain the costs of complex intellectual property litigation more effectively than we can because they have substantially greater resources. In addition, any uncertainties resulting from the initiation and continuation of any litigation could have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise the funds necessary to continue our operations, on our ability to hire or retain employees, or otherwise on our business. 
 Risks Related to Employee Matters and Managing Growth 
 We may not be able to manage our business effectively if we are unable to attract and retain key personnel. 
 We may not be able to attract or retain qualified management, finance, scientific and clinical personnel in the future due to the intense competition for qualified personnel among biotechnology, pharmaceutical and other businesses. Stock-based awards are critical to our ability to recruit, retain and motivate highly skilled talent. However, the trading price of our common stock as listed on the Nasdaq Global Market has traded at or below the exercise price of a significant portion of the stock options currently held by our executive officers and key employees. This may reduce the retention value of these options and we may need to grant additional stock options, make further amendments to the terms of existing option awards, or provide alternative compensation and retention programs to continue to retain our employees, especially our key employees and executive officers. If we are not able to attract and retain necessary personnel to accomplish our business objectives, we may experience constraints that will significantly impede the achievement of our development objectives, our ability to raise additional capital and our ability to implement our business strategy. If we are unable to retain our current executive officers and key employees our ability to implement our business strategy successfully could be seriously harmed. 
 We may need to expand our operations and increase the size of our company, and we may experience difficulties in managing growth. 
 As of March 1, 2023, we had 36 employees. Further, as we advance ibrexafungerp through preclinical studies, clinical trials and commercialization for other indications, we will need to increase our product development, scientific, marketing, sales and administrative headcount to manage these efforts. Our management, personnel and systems currently in place may not be adequate to support this future growth. Our need to effectively manage our operations, growth and various projects requires that we: 
 successfully attract and recruit new employees with the expertise and experience we will require; 

manage our clinical programs effectively, which we anticipate being conducted at numerous clinical sites; 

develop a marketing and sales infrastructure; and 

continue to develop our operational, financial and management controls, reporting systems and procedures. 

If we are unable to successfully manage this growth, our business may be adversely affected. 
 Other Risks Relating to Our Business 
 We may face potential product liability exposure, and if successful claims are brought against us, we may incur substantial liability for a product candidate and may have to limit its commercialization. 
 The use of product candidates in clinical trials and the sale of any products for which we may obtain marketing approval expose us to the risk of product liability claims. Product liability claims may be brought against us or our partners by participants enrolled in our clinical trials, patients, healthcare providers or others using, administering or selling products. If we 
 40 

cannot successfully defend ourselves against any such claims, we would incur substantial liabilities. Regardless of merit or eventual outcome, product liability claims may result in: 
 withdrawal of clinical trial participants; 

termination of clinical trial sites or entire trial programs; 

costs of related litigation; 

substantial monetary awards to patients or other claimants; 

decreased demand for product candidates and loss of revenue; 

impairment of our business reputation; 

diversion of management and scientific resources from our business operations; and 

the inability to commercialize product candidates. 

We have obtained limited product liability insurance coverage for our clinical trials domestically and in selected foreign countries where we are conducting clinical trials. Our coverage is currently limited to 10.0 million per occurrence and 10.0 million in the aggregate per year, as well as additional local country product liability coverage for trials conducted outside of the United States as required by the local country regulations. As such, our insurance coverage may not reimburse us or may not be sufficient to reimburse us for any expenses or losses we may suffer. Moreover, insurance coverage is becoming increasingly expensive and, in the future, we may not be able to maintain insurance coverage at a reasonable cost or in sufficient amounts to protect us against losses due to product liability. We intend to expand our insurance coverage for products to include the sale of commercial products if we obtain marketing approval for product candidates, but we may be unable to obtain commercially reasonable product liability insurance for any products approved for marketing. Large judgments have been awarded in class action lawsuits based on drugs that had unanticipated side effects. A successful product liability claim or series of claims brought against us, particularly if judgments exceed our insurance coverage, could decrease our cash available to develop ibrexafungerp and any future product candidates we may seek to develop and adversely affect our business. 
 Our internal computer systems, or those used by our contract research organizations or other contractors or consultants, may fail or suffer security breaches. 
 Despite the implementation of security measures, our internal computer systems and those of our contract research organizations and other contractors and consultants are vulnerable to damage, data leakage and security breaches from computer viruses, unauthorized access, social engineering, the acts or omissions of our workforce or others with authorized access, natural disasters, terrorism, war and telecommunication and electrical failures. While we are not aware of the occurrence of any such system failure, accident or security breach to date, if such an event were to occur and cause interruptions in our or other contractors or consultants operations, it could result in a material disruption of our product candidate development programs. For example, the loss of clinical study data from completed or ongoing clinical studies for a product candidate could result in delays in our regulatory approval efforts and significantly increase our costs to recover or reproduce the data. To the extent that any disruption or security breach was to result in a loss of or damage to our data or applications, or inappropriate disclosure of confidential or proprietary information, we could incur liability and the further development of any product candidates could be delayed. 
 Our insurance policies are expensive and protect us only from some business risks, which will leave us exposed to significant uninsured liabilities. 
 We do not carry insurance for all categories of risk that our business may encounter. Some of the policies we currently maintain include general liability, employment practices liability, property, auto, workers compensation, products liability and directors and officers insurance. We do not know, however, if we will be able to maintain existing insurance with adequate levels of coverage. Any significant uninsured liability may require us to pay substantial amounts, which would adversely affect our cash position and results of operations. 
 Our research and development activities could be affected or delayed as a result of possible restrictions on animal testing. 
 Certain laws and regulations require us to test our product candidates on animals before initiating clinical trials involving humans. Animal testing activities have been the subject of controversy and adverse publicity. Animal rights groups and other organizations and individuals have attempted to stop animal testing activities by pressing for legislation and regulation in these areas and by disrupting these activities through protests and other means. To the extent the activities of these groups are successful, our research and development activities may be interrupted, delayed or become more expensive. 
 41 

We are subject to stringent and evolving U.S. and foreign laws, regulations, rules, contractual obligations, policies and other obligations related to data privacy and security. Our actual or perceived failure to comply with such obligations could lead to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and other adverse business consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of business, we collect, receive, store, process, generate, use, transfer, disclose, make accessible, protect, secure, dispose of, transmit, and share confidential, proprietary, and sensitive information, including personal data, business data, trade secrets, intellectual property, information we collect about trial participants in connection with clinical trials, sensitive third-party data, business plans, transactions, and financial information. 
 Our data processing activities may subject us to numerous data privacy and security obligations, such as various laws, regulations, guidance, industry standards, external and internal privacy and security policies, contractual requirements, and other obligations relating to data privacy and security. 
 In the U.S., federal, state, and local governments have enacted numerous privacy and data security laws and regulations,including data breach notification laws, personal data privacy laws, consumer protection laws (e.g., Section 5 of the Federal Trade Commission Act), and other similar laws (e.g., wiretapping laws). For example, HIPAA, as amended by the Health Information Technology for Economic and Clinical Health Act of 2009, and its implementing regulations, impose certain obligations with respect to safeguarding the privacy, security and transmission of individually identifiable health information on covered entities, such as certain healthcare providers, health plans, and healthcare clearinghouses and their respective business associates that perform services for them. In addition, the California Consumer Privacy Act of 2018 (CCPA) applies to personal data of consumers, business representatives, and employees, and requires businesses to provide specific disclosures in privacy notices and honor requests of California residents to exercise certain privacy rights. The CCPA provides for civil penalties for violations of up to 7,500 per violation, as well as a private right of action for individuals impacted by certain data breaches. Although the CCPA includes exemptions for certain clinical trials data and data collected pursuant to HIPAA, the law may increase our compliance costs and potential liability with respect to other personal data we collect about California residents. Furthermore, the California Privacy Rights Act of 2020 expands the CCPA s requirements, including by adding a new right for individuals to correct their personal data and establishing a new regulatory agency to implement and enforce the law. 
 Other states, such as Virginia and Colorado, have also passed comprehensive data privacy and security laws, and similar laws are being considered in several other states, as well as at the federal and local levels. These developments may further complicate compliance efforts, and increase legal risk and compliance costs for us and the third parties upon whom we rely. 
 Outside the U.S., an increasing number of laws, regulations, and industry standards may govern data privacy and security, including information that we collect about patients in connection with clinical trials and our other operations abroad. For example, the EU s General Data Protection Regulation (EU GDPR) and the United Kingdom s GDPR (UK GDPR) impose strict requirements for processing personal data, including health-related information. For example, under the EU GDPR,companies may face temporary or definitive bans on data processing and other corrective actions; fines of up to the greater of 20 million euros or 4 of annual global revenue, whichever is greater; or private litigation related to processing of personal data brought by classes of data subjects or consumer protection organizations authorized at law to represent their interests. 
 In addition, we may be unable to transfer personal data from Europe and other jurisdictions to the United States or other countries due to data localization requirements or limitations on cross-border data flows. Europe and other jurisdictions have enacted laws requiring data to be localized or limiting the transfer of personal data to other countries. In particular, the European Economic Area (EEA) and the United Kingdom (UK) have significantly restricted the transfer of personal data to the United States and other countries whose data privacy and security laws they believe are inadequate. Other jurisdictions may adopt similarly stringent interpretations of their data localization and cross-border data transfer laws. Although there are currently various mechanisms that may be used to transfer personal data from the EEA and UK to the United States in compliance with law, such as the EEA and UK s standard contractual clauses, these mechanisms are subject to legal challenges, and there is no assurance that we can satisfy or rely on these measures to lawfully transfer personal data to the United States. If there is no lawful manner for us to transfer personal data from the EEA, the UK, or other jurisdictions to the United States, or if the requirements for a legally-compliant transfer are too onerous, we could face significant adverse consequences, including the interruption or degradation of our operations, the need to relocate part of or all of our business or data processing activities to other jurisdictions at significant expense, increased exposure to regulatory actions, substantial fines and penalties, the inability to transfer data and work with partners, vendors and other third parties, and injunctions against our processing or transferring of personal data necessary to operate our business. Additionally, companies that transfer personal data out of the EEA and UK to other jurisdictions, particularly to the United States, are subject to increased scrutiny from regulators, individual litigants, and activities groups. Some European regulators have ordered certain companies to suspend or permanently cease certain transfers of personal data out of Europe for allegedly violating the EU GDPR s cross-border data transfer limitations. 
 42 

In addition to data privacy and security laws, we are or may become contractually subject to industry standards adopted by industry groups and may become subject to such obligations in the future. We are also bound by other contractual obligations related to data privacy and security, and our efforts to comply with such obligations may not be successful. 
 We publish privacy policies, marketing materials, and other statements, such as compliance with certain certifications or self-regulatory principles, regarding data privacy and security. If these policies, materials or statements are found to be deficient, lacking in transparency, deceptive, unfair, or misrepresentative of our practices, we may be subject to investigation, enforcement actions by regulators, or other adverse consequences. 
 Obligations related to data privacy and security are quickly changing, becoming increasingly stringent, and creating regulatory uncertainty. Additionally, these obligations may be subject to differing applications and interpretations, which may be inconsistent or conflict among jurisdictions. Preparing for and complying with these obligations requires us to devote significant resources and may necessitate changes to our services, information technologies, systems, and practices and to those of any third parties that process personal data on our behalf. 
 We may at times fail (or be perceived to have failed) in our efforts to comply with our data privacy and security obligations. Moreover, despite our efforts, our personnel or third parties on whom we rely may fail to comply with such obligations, which could negatively impact our business operations. If we or the third parties on which we rely fail, or are perceived to have failed, to address or comply with applicable data privacy and security obligations, we could face significant consequences, including but not limited to: government enforcement actions (e.g., investigations, fines, penalties, audits, inspections, and similar); litigation (including class-action claims); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; bans on processing personal data; and orders to destroy or not use personal data. Any of these events could have a material adverse effect on our reputation, business, or financial condition, including but not limited to: loss of customers; inability to process personal data or to operate in certain jurisdictions; limited ability to develop or commercialize our products; expenditure of time and resources to defend any claim or inquiry; adverse publicity; or substantial changes to our business model or operations. 
 If our information technology systems or data, or those of third parties upon which we rely, are or were compromised, we could experience adverse consequences resulting from such compromise, including but not limited to regulatory investigations or actions; litigation; fines and penalties; disruptions of our business operations; reputational harm; loss of revenue or profits; and other adverse consequences. 
 In the ordinary course of our business, we and the third parties upon which we rely process confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data, and, as a result, we and the third parties upon which we rely face a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to ransomware attacks, which could cause security incidents. Cyber-attacks, malicious internet-based activity, online and offline fraud, and other similar activities threaten the confidentiality, integrity, and availability of our confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data and information technology systems, and those of the third parties upon which we rely. Such threats are prevalent and continue to rise, are increasingly difficult to detect, and come from a variety of sources, including traditional computer hackers, threat actors, hacktivists, organized criminal threat actors, personnel (such as through theft or misuse), sophisticated nation states, and nation-state-supported actors. 
 Some actors now engage and are expected to continue to engage in cyber-attacks, including without limitation nation-state actors for geopolitical reasons and in conjunction with military conflicts and defense activities. During times of war and other major conflicts, we and the third parties upon which we rely may be vulnerable to a heightened risk of these attacks, including retaliatory cyber-attacks, that could materially disrupt our systems and operations, supply chain, and ability to produce, sell and distribute our services. 
 We and the third parties upon which we rely are subject to a variety of evolving threats, including but not limited to social-engineering attacks (including through phishing attacks), malicious code (such as viruses and worms), malware (including as a result of advanced persistent threat intrusions), denial-of-service attacks (such as credential stuffing), credential harvesting, personnel misconduct or error, ransomware attacks, supply-chain attacks, software bugs, server malfunctions, software or hardware failures, loss of data or other information technology assets, adware, telecommunications failures, earthquakes, fires, floods, and other similar threats. 
 In particular, severe ransomware attacks are becoming increasingly prevalent and can lead to significant interruptions in our operations, loss of confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data and income, reputational harm, and diversion of funds. Extortion payments may alleviate the negative impact of a ransomware attack, but we may be unwilling or unable to make such payments due to, for example, applicable laws or regulations prohibiting such payments. 
 Remote work has become more common and has increased risks to our information technology systems and data, as more of our employees utilize network connections, computers, and devices outside our premises or network, including working at home, while in transit and in public locations. Additionally, future or past business transactions (such as acquisitions or integrations) could expose us to additional cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, as our systems could be negatively affected 
 43 

by vulnerabilities present in acquired or integrated entities systems and technologies. Furthermore, we may discover security issues that were not found during due diligence of such acquired or integrated entities, and it may be difficult to integrate companies into our information technology environment and security program. 
 In addition, our reliance on third-party service providers could introduce new cybersecurity risks and vulnerabilities, including supply-chain attacks, and other threats to our business operations. We rely on third-party service providers and technologies to operate critical business systems to process confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data in a variety of contexts, including, without limitation, CROs, CMOs, cloud-based infrastructure, data center facilities, encryption and authentication technology, employee email, content delivery to customers, and other functions. We also rely on third-party service providers to provide other products, services, parts, or otherwise to operate our business. Our ability to monitor these third parties information security practices is limited, and these third parties may not have adequate information security measures in place. If our third-party service providers experience a security incident or other interruption, we could experience adverse consequences. While we may be entitled to damages if our third-party service providers fail to satisfy their privacy or security-related obligations to us, any award may be insufficient to cover our damages, or we may be unable to recover such award. In addition, supply-chain attacks have increased in frequency and severity, and we cannot guarantee that third parties infrastructure in our supply chain or our third-party partners supply chains have not been compromised. 
 Any of the previously identified or similar threats could cause a security incident or other interruption that could result in unauthorized, unlawful, or accidental acquisition, modification, destruction, loss, alteration, encryption, disclosure of, or access to our confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data or our information technology systems, or those of the third parties upon whom we rely. A security incident or other interruption could disrupt our ability (and that of third parties upon whom we rely) to provide our services. 
 We may expend significant resources or modify our business activities to try to protect against security incidents. Additionally, certain data privacy and security obligations may require us to implement and maintain specific security measures or industry-standard or reasonable security measures to protect our information technology systems and confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data. 
 While we have implemented security measures designed to protect against security incidents, there can be no assurance that these measures will be effective. We take steps to detect and remediate vulnerabilities, but we may not be able to detect and remediate all vulnerabilities because the threats and techniques used to exploit the vulnerability change frequently and are often sophisticated in nature. Therefore, such vulnerabilities could be exploited but may not be detected until after a security incident has occurred. These vulnerabilities pose material risks to our business. Further, we may experience delays in developing and deploying remedial measures designed to address any such identified vulnerabilities. 
 Applicable data privacy and security obligations may require us to notify relevant stakeholders, such as governmental authorities, partners, and affected individuals, of security incidents. Such disclosures may involve inconsistent requirements and are costly, and the disclosure or the failure to comply with such requirements could lead to adverse consequences. 
 If we (or a third party upon whom we rely) experience a security incident or are perceived to have experienced a security incident, we may experience adverse consequences, such as government enforcement actions (for example, investigations, fines, penalties, audits, and inspections); additional reporting requirements and/or oversight; restrictions on processing confidential, proprietary, and sensitive data (including personal data); litigation (including class claims); indemnification obligations; negative publicity; reputational harm; monetary fund diversions; interruptions in our operations (including availability of data); financial loss; and other similar harms. Security incidents and attendant consequences may cause customers to stop using our services, deter new customers from using our services, and negatively impact our ability to grow and operate our business. 
 Our contracts may not contain limitations of liability, and even where they do, there can be no assurance that limitations of liability in our contracts are sufficient to protect us from liabilities, damages, or claims related to our data privacy and security obligations. We cannot be sure that our insurance coverage will be adequate or sufficient to protect us from or to mitigate liabilities arising out of our privacy and security practices, that such coverage will continue to be available on commercially reasonable terms or at all, or that such coverage will pay future claims. 
 In addition to experiencing a security incident, third parties may gather, collect, or infer sensitive information about us from public sources, data brokers, or other means that reveals competitively sensitive details about our organization and could be used to undermine our competitive advantage or market position. 
 44 

Risks Relating to Owning Our Common Stock 
 The market price of our common stock may be highly volatile. 
 The trading price of our common stock may be volatile. The following factors, in addition to other factors described in this Risk Factors section and elsewhere in this report, may have a significant impact on the market price of our common stock: 
 the level of sales of BREXAFEMME; 

the results of our preclinical testing or clinical trials; 

the ability to obtain additional funding; 

any delay in submitting an NDA or similar foreign applications for ibrexafungerp for the treatment of indications other than VVC, RVVC, and any future product candidate we may seek to develop or any adverse development or perceived adverse development with respect to the FDA s review of that NDA or a foreign regulator s review of a similar applications; 

maintenance of our existing collaborations or ability to enter into new collaborations, including our ability to close the transactions contemplated by the License Agreement with GSK; 

our collaboration partners election to develop or commercialize product candidates under our collaboration agreements or the termination of any programs under our collaboration agreements; 

any intellectual property infringement actions in which we or our licensors and collaboration partners may become involved; 

our ability to successfully develop and commercialize future product candidates; 

changes in laws or regulations applicable to future products; 

adverse regulatory decisions; 

introduction of new products, services or technologies by our competitors; 

achievement of financial projections we may provide to the public; 

achievement of the estimates and projections of the investment community; 

the perception of the pharmaceutical industry by the public, legislatures, regulators and the investment community; 

changes in the structure of healthcare payment systems; 

announcements of significant acquisitions, strategic partnerships, joint ventures or capital commitments by us, our collaboration partners or our competitors; 

disputes or other developments relating to proprietary rights, including patents, litigation matters and our ability to obtain patent protection for our technologies; 

legislation or regulation that mandates or encourages the use of generic products; 

additions or departures of key scientific or management personnel; 

significant lawsuits, including patent or stockholder litigation; 

changes in the market valuations of similar companies; 

general economic and market conditions and overall fluctuations in the U.S. equity markets; 

sales of our common stock by us, our executive officers and directors or our stockholders in the future; and 

trading volume of our common stock. 

In addition, companies trading in the stock market in general, and the Nasdaq Global Market in particular, have experienced extreme price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of these companies. Broad market and industry factors may negatively affect the market price of our common stock, regardless of our actual operating performance. 
 45 

Future sales and issuances of our common stock or rights to purchase common stock could result in additional dilution of the percentage ownership of our stockholders and could cause our stock price to fall. 
 We expect that significant additional capital will be needed in the future to continue our planned operations. To the extent we raise additional capital by issuing equity securities, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. We may sell common stock, convertible securities or other equity securities in one or more transactions at prices and in a manner we determine from time to time. These sales may also result in new investors gaining rights superior to our existing stockholders. For example, in March 2019, we issued and sold 16 million of 6.0 convertible senior notes. The holders may convert their convertible notes at their option at any time prior to the close of business on the business day immediately preceding March 15, 2025. Upon conversion of the convertible notes by a holder, the holder will receive shares of our common stock, together, if applicable, with cash in lieu of any fractional share. Holders who convert may also be entitled to receive, under certain circumstances, an interest make-whole payment payable in shares of common stock. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date, we will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate for a holder who elects to convert its convertible notes in connection with such a corporate event. To the extent holders of these notes convert the notes, our stockholders may experience substantial dilution. Additionally, the holders of our outstanding warrants also may exercise their right to buy our common stock which could result in additional dilution to our stockholders. 
 Anti-takeover provisions in our charter documents and under Delaware law could make an acquisition of us, which may be beneficial to our stockholders, more difficult and may prevent attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management. 
 Provisions in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and our bylaws may delay or prevent an acquisition of us, including the ability of our board of directors to establish new series of preferred stock and issue shares of these new series, which could be used by our board of directors to oppose a hostile takeover attempt, which some stockholders may believe would be in the best interests of stockholders. In addition, these provisions may frustrate or prevent any attempts by our stockholders to replace or remove our current management by making it more difficult for stockholders to replace members of our board of directors, which is responsible for appointing the members of our management, including the elimination of cumulative voting, inability of our stockholders to call special meetings or take action by written consent, ability of our board of directors to fill board vacancies, and ability of our board of directors to determine the size of the board of directors. In addition, we are subject to Section 203 of the Delaware General Corporation Law, which generally prohibits stockholders owning in excess of 15 of our outstanding voting stock from merging or combining with us. Finally, our charter documents establish advance notice requirements for nominations for election to our board of directors and for proposing matters that can be acted upon at stockholder meetings. Although we believe these provisions together provide for an opportunity to receive higher bids by requiring potential acquirers to negotiate with our board of directors, they would apply even if the offer may be considered beneficial by some stockholders. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by the continuation of the exposure to COVID-19, in regions where we or third parties on which we rely have significant concentrations of clinical trial sites, manufacturing facilities, or other business operations. 
 Our business could be adversely affected by the continuation of the exposure to COVID-19, in regions where we or third parties on which we rely have significant concentrations of clinical trial sites, manufacturing facilities, or other business operations. We have a significant number of clinical trial sites in countries that have been directly affected by COVID-19, and depend on manufacturing operations for various stages of our supply chain in countries affected by COVID-19. The ultimate impact of COVID-19 is highly uncertain and subject to change. We do not yet know the full extent of potential delays or impacts on our business, our clinical trials, our activities dependent on regulatory authorities, healthcare systems or the global economy as a whole. However, these effects could have a material impact on our operations, and we will continue to monitor the COVID-19 situation closely. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLV ED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 ITEM 2. P ROPERTIES 
 On March 1, 2018, we entered into a long-term lease agreement for approximately 19,275 square feet of office space in Jersey City, New Jersey. The lease term is until July 2029, and we have the option to renew for two consecutive five-year periods from the end of the first term. We believe that our facilities under this lease are adequate for our purposes for the foreseeable future. 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 We are not party to any legal proceedings for which disclosure is required under this item. 
 46 

ITEM 4. MINE SAF ETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 47 

PART II 
 ITEM 5.	MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 Market Information 
 Our common stock trades on the Nasdaq Global Market under the symbol SCYX. 
 Stockholders 
 As of March 1, 2023, there were approximately 50 stockholders of record of our common stock, which excludes stockholders whose shares were held in nominee or street name by brokers. The actual number of common stockholders is greater than the number of record holders, and includes stockholders who are beneficial owners, but whose shares are held in street name by brokers and other nominees. This number of holders of record also does not include stockholders whose shares may be held in trust by other entities. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have never declared or paid any cash dividends on our common stock. We currently intend to retain all available funds and any future earnings to support our operations and finance the growth and development of our business. We do not intend to pay cash dividends on our common stock for the foreseeable future. Further, we are restricted from paying cash dividends under the terms of our Loan Agreement with Hercules and Silicon Valley Bank. Any future determination related to our dividend policy will be made at the discretion of our board of directors and will depend upon, among other factors, our results of operations, financial condition, capital requirements, contractual restrictions, business prospects and other factors our board of directors may deem relevant. 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 None. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 We did not purchase any of our securities during the fourth quarter of 2022. 
 ITEM 6.	[RESE RVED] 
 
 48 

ITEM 7. 	 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Operating results for the year ended December 31, 2022, are not necessarily indicative of results that may occur in future fiscal years. Some of the statements in this Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are based on management s beliefs and assumptions and on information currently available to our management and involve significant elements of subjective judgment and analysis. Words such as expects, will, anticipates, targets, intends, plans, believes, seeks, estimates, potential, should, could, variations of such words, and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Our actual results and the timing of events may differ significantly from the results discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that might cause such a difference include those discussed under the caption Special Note Regarding Forward Looking Statements and in Risk Factors and elsewhere in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. These and many other factors could affect our future financial and operating results. We undertake no obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events after the date of this Annual Report. 
 Overview 
 SCYNEXIS, Inc. is pioneering innovative medicines to overcome and prevent difficult-to-treat and drug-resistant infections. We are developing our lead product candidate, ibrexafungerp, as a broad-spectrum, intravenous (IV)/oral agent for severe, hospital-based indications. In June 2021 and December 2022, we announced that the U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) approved BREXAFEMME (ibrexafungerp tablets) for treatment of patients with vulvovaginal candidiasis (VVC), also known as vaginal yeast infection, and for the reduction in the incidence of recurrent vulvovaginal candidiasis (RVVC), respectively. In October 2022, we announced that were actively pursuing a U.S. commercialization partner to out-license BREXAFEMME in order to refocus our resources on the clinical development of ibrexafungerp for severe, hospital-based indications, while keeping BREXAFEMME on the market and available to patients, and we have ceased actively promoting BREXAFEMME. 
 Ibrexafungerp, the first representative of a novel class of antifungal agents called triterpenoids, is a structurally distinct glucan synthase inhibitor and has shown in vitro and in vivo activity against a broad range of human fungal pathogens such as Candida and Aspergillus genera, including multidrug-resistant strains, as well as Pneumocystis , Coccidioides , Histoplasma and Blastomyces genera. Candida and Aspergillus genera are the fungi responsible for approximately 85 of all invasive fungal infections in the United States (U.S.) and Europe. To date, we have characterized the antifungal activity, pharmacokinetics, and safety profile of the oral and IV formulations of ibrexafungerp in multiple in vitro, in vivo, and clinical studies. The FDA has granted Qualified Infectious Disease Product (QIDP) and Fast Track designations to ibrexafungerp for the indications of VVC (including the prevention of recurrent VVC), invasive candidiasis (IC) (including candidemia), and invasive aspergillosis (IA), and has granted Orphan Drug designations for the IC and IA indications. The European Medicines Agency has granted Orphan Medicinal Product designation to ibrexafungerp for IC. These designations may provide us with additional market exclusivity and expedited regulatory paths. 
 Corporate Strategy Update 
 In October 2022, we announced a new corporate strategic direction by refocusing our resources on the further clinical development of ibrexafungerp for severe, hospital-based indications with both the oral and liposomal IV formulations, as multiple ongoing Phase 3 studies are progressing for a potential first approval in hospital indications in 2024 and a Phase 2 study of the IV formulation of ibrexafungerp is planned for 2023. Additionally, we concluded the partnership with our contracted commercial sales partner, Amplity Health (Amplity), on November 30, 2022, and we completed a workforce reduction primarily in the commercial function. 
 On March 30, 2023, we entered into a license agreement (the License Agreement) with GlaxoSmithKline Intellectual Property (No. 3) Limited (GSK). Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, we granted GSK an exclusive (even as to us and our affiliates), royalty-bearing, sublicensable license for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of ibrexafungerp, including the approved product BREXAFEMME, for all indications, in all countries other than Greater China and certain other countries already licensed to third parties (the GSK Territory). If the existing licenses granted to or agreements with third parties are terminated with respect to any country, GSK will have an exclusive first right to negotiate with us to add those additional countries to the GSK Territory. We retain rights to all other assets, with GSK receiving a right of first negotiation (ROFN) to any other enfumafungin-derived compounds or products that we may control. The consummation of the transactions under the License Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act); provided, that either we or GSK may terminate the License Agreement if expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has not occurred within nine months of the signing of the License Agreement. The parties expect the transactions contemplated by the License Agreement to close in the second quarter of 2023. 
 49 

Under the terms of the License Agreement, we will receive an upfront payment of 90 million. We are also eligible to receive potential: 
 regulatory approval milestone payments of up to 70 million; 

commercial milestone payments of up to 115 million based on first commercial sale in invasive candidiasis (U.S./EU); 

and sales milestone payments of up to 242.5 million based on annual net sales, with a total of 77.5 million to be paid upon achievement of multiple thresholds up through 200 million; a total of 65 million to be paid upon achievement of multiple thresholds between 300 million and 500 million; and 50 million to be paid at each threshold of 750 million and 1 billion. 

We will be responsible for the execution and costs of the ongoing clinical studies of ibrexafungerp but will have the potential to receive up to 75.5 million in success-based development milestones, which are comprised of up to 65 million for the achievement of three interim milestones associated with our continued performance of the ongoing MARIO Study and 10.5 million for the successful completion of the MARIO Study. See further details of the License Agreement, including financial terms, as described in Note 16 of Item 8 on this Annual Report. 
 We, Hercules Capital, Inc. (Hercules Capital) and Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. (SVB) are party to a Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 13, 2021 (the Loan Agreement), pursuant to which Hercules Capital, SVB and each of the other lenders from time-to-time party to the Loan and Security Agreement (collectively, the Lenders) loaned to us 35 million. In connection with the entering into of the License Agreement, we entered into a First Amendment and Consent to Loan and Security Agreement with the Lenders pursuant to which the Lenders consented to us entering into the License Agreement and we agreed to pay to the Lenders an amount equal to the sum of (i) all outstanding principal plus all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the amounts loaned under the Loan Agreement (approximately 35.4 million), (ii) the prepayment fee payable under Loan Agreement 262,500), (iii) the final payment payable under Loan Agreement 1,382,500), and (iv) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable with respect to loan advances under the Loan Agreement. These payments by us will become due upon the earliest of (A) one business day following receipt by us of the 90 million upfront payment payable to us under the License Agreement, (B) June 1, 2023, or (C) the termination of the License Agreement. 
 Dr. Marco Taglietti, our former President and Chief Executive Officer, retired on December 31, 2022 and stepped down from the Board of Directors. David Angulo, M.D., who had served as Chief Medical Officer for the past seven years, became President and Chief Executive Officer and joined the Board of Directors, effective January 1, 2023. Additionally, Ivor Macleod joined as Chief Financial Officer on October 24, 2022. Mr. Macleod has more than thirty years of experience in the life sciences industry, including most recently as Chief Financial Officer of Athersys, Inc. The role of Chief Commercial Officer was eliminated in November 2022, and Christine Coyne, who had served in this leadership role since May 2021, transitioned from us to pursue other opportunities. 
 BREXAFEMME Update 
 In June 2021, the FDA approved BREXAFEMME for use in women with VVC. This approval was based on positive results from two Phase 3, randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled, multi-center studies (VANISH-303 and VANISH-306), in which oral ibrexafungerp demonstrated statistically superior efficacy compared to placebo and a favorable tolerability profile in women with VVC. The FDA granted BREXAFEMME five years of exclusivity extension under the Generating Antibiotic Incentives Now (GAIN) Act, which will be added to any other applicable exclusivity periods, such as the five years of new chemical entity (NCE) exclusivity, for a combined ten-year period of regulatory exclusivity. BREXAFEMME also is protected by multiple patents, including a composition-of-matter patent covering the ibrexafungerp molecule. With patent term extension, this patent is expected to expire in 2035, providing an expected 13 years of protection from generic competitors in the U.S. In December 2022, we announced that the FDA approved a second indication for BREXAFEMME for the reduction in the incidence of RVVC, with the potential for peak U.S. sales combined for the treatment of VVC and RVVC estimated over 400 million. 
 On March 30, 2023, we entered into the License Agreement with GSK. Pursuant to the terms of the License Agreement, we granted GSK an exclusive (even as to us and our affiliates), royalty-bearing, sublicensable license for the development, manufacture, and commercialization of ibrexafungerp, including the approved product BREXAFEMME, for all indications, in the GSK Territory. 
 Ibrexafungerp Update 
 Enrollment is continuing in our prospective, randomized, double-blind, global Phase 3 study to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of oral ibrexafungerp as a step-down therapy for patients with IC including candidemia following IV echinocandin therapy in the hospital compared to currently available therapies (the MARIO study). Eligible patients with IC will receive treatment with IV echinocandin and will then be switched to either oral ibrexafungerp or a standard of care option, either oral fluconazole or best available therapy for subjects with infections caused by fluconazole non-susceptible strains, once 
 50 

step-down criteria are met. Approximately 220 patients will be enrolled and randomized in the study, and we expect topline results in the first half of 2024 and a potential approval by the end of 2024. 
 The primary objective of the study is to determine whether treatment of IC with IV echinocandins followed by oral ibrexafungerp is as effective as treatment with IV echinocandins followed by oral fluconazole (or BAT), the current standard of care. The primary end point of the study will be all-cause mortality at 30 days after initiation of antifungal therapy. Approximately 35,000 cases of IC in the U.S. per year are caused by the Candida isolates that are resistant to azoles, a population for which ibrexafungerp could provide a much-needed oral alternative. 
 We achieved a target enrollment of 200 patients in our Phase 3 FURI study investigating the potential of ibrexafungerp as a treatment for fungal infections that are refractory or intolerant to other antifungals, including infections caused by Candida auris C. auris ), and anticipate study completion activities in the first half of 2023 with a Data Review Committee review and topline data in the first half of 2024. We also achieved a target enrollment of 30 patients in our Phase 3 CARES study, focused on patients with infections caused by C. auris which will follow similar completion and reporting timing to the Phase 3 FURI study. The data from the MARIO study along with data from FURI and CARES studies are intended to be supportive of an NDA submission in 2024 with an anticipated first approval for an indication in the hospital setting later in 2024. If the License Agreement closes, such NDA submission would be made by GSK and any resulting approval would be held by GSK. 
 We completed our Phase 1 randomized, double-blind, placebo-controlled single and multiple ascending dose study evaluating the safety, tolerability, and pharmacokinetics of the liposomal IV formulation of ibrexafungerp in 64 healthy subjects with treatment durations of up to seven days. The liposomal IV formulation of ibrexafungerp was designed to optimize tolerability and address dose-limiting infusion site irritation adverse events observed with previous formulations. The liposomal IV formulation of ibrexafungerp was generally well tolerated with no serious adverse events reported. The most common adverse events were mostly mild (few moderate) reactions at the infusion site. The dosing was successfully progressed until the target exposure was achieved (i.e., exposure associated with efficacy from animal models). If the License Agreement does not occur, we are planning to begin a Phase 2 study of the liposomal IV formulation in 2023. 
 We have completed the enrollment of SCYNERGIA, although the number of patients is smaller than initially projected. The prioritization of hospital resources toward addressing COVID-19 has impacted the ability of many institutions to focus on screening and enrolling patients into some clinical trials, including SCYNERGIA. We expect to provide topline data for SCYNERGIA in the first half of 2023. 
 In the second quarter of 2022, enrollment began in a new Phase 3b, open-label, multicenter study (VANQUISH) to evaluate the efficacy, safety and tolerability of oral ibrexafungerp as a treatment for complicated VVC in patients who have failed treatment with fluconazole, based on mycological and clinical outcomes. The VANQUISH study will enroll approximately 150 complicated VVC patients who will receive 600 mg of oral ibrexafungerp for one, three or seven consecutive days determined by their underlying complicating condition, including immunocompromised state. Complicated patients include patients with recurrent VVC, those with VVC caused by non-albicans Candida species and those with diabetes, immunocompromising conditions (e.g., HIV), or immunosuppressive therapy (e.g., corticosteroids). The VANQUISH study will be conducted in approximately 25 centers in the U.S. and we are targeting to have data from this study in the first half of 2024. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2022, we announced that a 3.0 million National Institutes of Health (NIH) grant was awarded to Case Western Reserve University researchers to study our second generation fungerp (SCY-247). SCY-247 is a broad-spectrum, antifungal under development by us and has as a potential oral and IV systemic therapeutic option for multiple drug-resistant pathogens. The grant is intended to further characterize the potential of SCY-247 to fight Candida auris , a multidrug-resistant pathogen named as an urgent threat by the Centers for Disease Control (CDC) and included in the critical priority group on the World Health Organization (WHO) fungal priority pathogens list (FPPL). Previous preclinical investigations with SCY-247 have reported potent antifungal activity in in vitro studies, favorable pharmacokinetic profile and promising efficacy in mice models of IC. We plan to continue progressing the development of SCY-247 as a next generation fungerp in the fight against life-threatening fungal diseases. 
 Liquidity 
 We have operated as a public entity since we completed our initial public offering in May 2014, which we refer to as our IPO. We also completed a follow-on public offering of our common stock in April 2015 and public offerings of our common stock and warrants in June 2016, March 2018, December 2019, December 2020, and April 2022. Our principal source of liquidity is cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments which totaled 73.5 million as of December 31, 2022 and we have the availability to issue up to 46.2 million of our common stock under our at-the-market facility with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (Cantor) and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. (Ladenburg). We received 30.0 million in 2021 and received 5.0 million in 2022 under our Loan Agreement with Hercules and Silicon Valley Bank. In March 2023, in connection with the entering into of the License Agreement with GSK, we, Hercules and SVB entered into a First Amendment and Consent to Loan and Security Agreement pursuant to which the lenders under the Loan Agreement consented to us entering into the License 
 51 

Agreement and we agreed to pay to the lenders an amount equal to the sum of (i) all outstanding principal plus all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the amounts loaned under the Loan Agreement (approximately 35.4 million), (ii) the prepayment fee payable under Loan Agreement 262,500), (iii) the final payment payable under Loan Agreement 1,382,500), and (iv) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable with respect to loan advances under the Loan Agreement. These payments by us will become due upon the earliest of (A) one business day following receipt by us of the 90 million upfront payment payable to us under the License Agreement, (B) June 1, 2023, or (C) the termination of the License Agreement. See Liquidity and Capital Resources below for amounts sold under the ATM with Cantor and Ladenburg, and the amounts sold under our common stock purchase agreement with Aspire Capital which expired in October 2022. 
 We have incurred net losses since our inception, including the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our accumulated deficit was 422.3 million. We expect we will continue to incur significant research and development expense as we continue to execute our research and drug development strategy. Consistent with our operating plan, we also expect that we will continue to incur significant selling, general and administrative expenses to support our public reporting company operations and ongoing operations, but that our selling, general and administrative expenses will decrease as we have ceased the active promotional activities associated with BREXAFEMME for the VVC indication. As a result, we will need additional capital to fund our operations, which we may obtain through one or more of equity offerings, debt financings, other non-dilutive third-party funding (e.g., grants), strategic alliances and licensing or collaboration arrangements. We may offer shares of our common stock pursuant to our effective shelf registration statements, including under our ATM. 
 Components of Operating Results 
 Revenue 
 Revenue primarily consists of product sales of BREXAFEMME and a non-refundable upfront payment received under our license agreement with Hansoh. 
 Cost of Product Revenue 
 Cost of product revenue consists primarily of distribution, freight expenses, royalties due to Merck, and other manufacturing costs associated with BREXAFEMME. Prior to the regulatory approval of BREXAFEMME on June 1, 2021, we expensed as research and development the costs associated with the third-party manufacture of BREXAFEMME. 
 Research and Development Expense 
 Research and development expense consists of expenses incurred while performing research and development activities to discover, develop, or improve potential product candidates we seek to develop. This includes conducting preclinical studies and clinical trials, manufacturing and other development efforts, and activities related to regulatory filings for product candidates. We recognize research and development expenses as they are incurred. Our research and development expense primarily consists of: 
 costs related to executing preclinical studies and clinical trials, including development milestones, drug formulation, manufacturing and other development; 

salaries and personnel-related costs, including benefits and any stock-based compensation for personnel performing research and development functions; 

fees paid to clinical research organizations (CROs), vendors, consultants and other third parties who support our product candidate development and intellectual property protection; 

other costs in seeking regulatory approval of our products; and 

allocated overhead. 

Ibrexafungerp was the only key research and development project during the periods presented. We expect to continue to incur significant research and development expense for the foreseeable future as we continue our effort to develop ibrexafungerp, and to potentially develop our other product candidates, subject to the availability of additional funding. 
 The successful development of product candidates is highly uncertain. At this time, we cannot reasonably estimate the nature, timing or costs required to complete the remaining development of any product candidates. This is due to the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development of product candidates. 
 Selling, General and Administrative Expense 
 Selling, general and administrative expense consists primarily of salaries and personnel-related costs, including employee benefits and any stock-based compensation. This includes personnel in executive, accounting and finance, commercial, human resources, business development, medical affairs, and administrative support functions. Other expenses include facility-related 
 52 

costs not otherwise allocated to research and development expense, professional fees for accounting, auditing, tax and legal services, consulting costs for general and administrative purposes, information systems maintenance and marketing efforts. 
 Other Expense (Income) 
 Substantially all of our other expense (income) during the periods reported consists of costs associated with: 
 fair value adjustments to our warrant and derivative liabilities; 

interest expense; 

amortization of debt issuance costs and discount; 

other income associated with research and development tax credits; 

interest income associated with our held-to-maturity short-term investments and money market account; and 

the expense recognized for the extinguishment of debt. 

Income Tax Benefit 
 To date, we have not been required to pay U.S. federal income taxes because of our current and accumulated net operating losses. For the year ended December 31, 2022, our income tax benefit recognized consists primarily of an income tax benefit associated with the sale of our NOLs and research and development credits. 
 Results of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 The following table summarizes our results of operations for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, and period-to-period percentage change (dollars in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Period-to-Period Change 

Revenue: 

Product revenue, net 

4,988 

1,113 

3,875 

348.2 

License agreement revenue 

103 

12,050 

(11,947) 

(99.1) 

Total revenue 

5,091 

13,163 

(8,072) 

(61.3) 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of product revenue 

628 

312 

316 

101.3 

Research and development 

27,259 

23,773 

3,486 

14.7 

Selling, general and administrative 

62,961 

49,916 

13,045 

26.1 

Total operating expenses 

90,848 

74,001 

16,847 

22.8 

Loss from operations 

(85,757) 

(60,838) 

(24,919) 

41.0 

Other (income) expense: 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

2,725 

(2,725) 

(100.0) 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and discount 

1,589 

1,303 

286 

21.9 

Interest income 

(1,415) 

(24) 

(1,391) 

5795.8 

Interest expense 

5,198 

2,660 

2,538 

95.4 

Other income 

(3) 

(13) 

10 

(76.9) 

Warrant liabilities fair value adjustment 

(22,301) 

(30,365) 

8,064 

(26.6) 

Derivative liabilities fair value adjustment 

(1,316) 

(1,170) 

(146) 

12.5 

Total other income 

(18,248) 

(24,884) 

6,636 

(26.7) 

Loss before taxes 

(67,509) 

(35,954) 

(31,555) 

87.8 

Income tax benefit 

4,700 

3,088 

1,612 

52.2 

Net Loss 

(62,809) 

(32,866) 

(29,943) 

91.1 

Revenue. For the year ended December 31, 2022, revenue consists primarily of product sales of BREXAFEMME, for which we began commercialization in the second half of 2021. For the year ended December 31, 2021, revenues consists primarily of a non-refundable upfront payment received under our license agreement with Hansoh. 
 Cost of Product Revenues. For the year ended December 31, 2022, cost of product revenue consists primarily of distribution, freight, and royalty costs associated with BREXAFEMME. Prior to the regulatory approval of BREXAFEMME on June 1, 2021, we expensed 3.4 million as research and development expense the costs associated with the third-party manufacture of BREXAFEMME which was recognized primarily in 2020. We expect that these quantities of BREXAFEMME previously expensed prior to June 1, 2021, will be sold by us or GSK over approximately the next 12 months. 
 53 

Research and Development. For the year ended December 31, 2022, research and development expenses increased to 27.3 million from 23.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 3.5 million, or 14.7 , was primarily driven by an increase of 3.0 million in clinical development expense, an increase of 1.0 million in preclinical expense, an increase of 0.5 million in both salary and stock compensation expense, offset by a decrease of 1.3 million in chemistry, manufacturing, and controls (CMC) expense, and a 0.2 million decrease in other research and development expense. 
 The 3.0 million increase in clinical development expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily driven by an increase of 5.3 million in expense associated with the costs for the MARIO study which was initiated in the fourth quarter of 2021, an increase of 1.3 million in expense associated with the VANQUISH study, offset in part by a 3.4 million decrease in expense associated with the CANDLE Phase 3 study which was substantially complete in the first quarter of 2022. The 1.0 million increase in preclinical expense was primarily associated with the expense recognized for certain preclinical studies associated with the IV liposomal formulation conducted in the current period. The 0.5 million increase in both salary and stock compensation expense is primarily driven by the increase in employees in comparison to the prior period and by the increase in restricted stock unit grants made in the first quarter of 2022, respectively. The 1.3 million decrease in CMC expense for the year ended December 31, 2022, was primarily driven by a 0.9 million decrease in expense for third-party drug product manufacturing in the current period. 
 Selling, General and Administrative . For the year ended December 31, 2022, selling, general and administrative expenses increased to 63.0 million from 49.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase of 13.0 million, or 26.1 , was primarily driven by a 8.6 million increase in commercial related expense, an increase of 1.6 million in salary and payroll related costs, and an increase of 1.5 million in professional fees, all primarily due to the costs recognized to support the commercialization of BREXAFEMME, an increase of 1.0 million in stock compensation expense, and an increase of 1.9 million primarily in severance expense associated with our reduction in workforce, offset in part by a decrease of 0.9 million in medical affairs expense and a 0.7 million decrease in business development expense due to the Hansoh license agreement entered into in 2021. 
 Loss on Extinguishment of Debt . For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a 2.7 million loss on extinguishment of debt associated with the January 2021 conversation of our remaining April 2020 convertible notes. 
 Amortization of Debt Issuance Costs and Discount. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 1.6 million and 1.3 million in amortization of debt issuance costs and discount. The 2022 and 2021 debt issuance costs and discount for our March 2019 convertible notes primarily consisted of an allocated portion of advisory fees, issuance costs, and the initial fair value of the derivative liability. The 2022 and 2021 debt issuance costs and discount for our Loan Agreement with Hercules Capital, Inc. and Silicon Valley Bank (the Loan Agreement) comprised issuance and commitment costs, customary closing and final fees, and the fair value of the warrants issued in conjunction with the Loan Agreement. 
 Interest Income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 1.4 million and 24,000, respectively, in interest income associated with our money market account and short-term investments. The increase in interest income was primarily due to the increase in the interest rate on our money market account. 
 Interest Expense. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 5.2 million and 2.7 million, respectively, in interest expense associated with our Loan Agreement and convertible debt. The increase in interest expense was primarily driven by the increase in the interest rate associated with the Loan Agreement entered into in May 2021. 
 Other Income. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized 3,000 and 13,000 in other income associated with certain research and development tax credits. 
 Warrant Liabilities Fair Value Adjustment . For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized gains of 22.3 million and 30.4 million, respectively, for the fair value adjustment for warrant liabilities primarily due to the decrease in our stock price during the periods. 
 Derivative Liabilities Fair Value Adjustment. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, we recognized gains of 1.3 million and 1.2 million, respectively, in the fair value adjustment related to the derivative liabilities primarily due to the decrease in our stock price during the periods. 
 Income Tax Benefit. For the year ended December 31, 2022, we recognized a 4.7 million income tax benefit associated with the sale of a portion of our NOLs and research and develop1ent credits. For the year ended December 31, 2021, we recognized a 4.1 million income tax benefit associated with the sale of a portion of our NOLs and research and development credits and 1.1 million of tax withholding expense primarily associated with the upfront payment received from Hansoh. 
 54 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Sources of Liquidity 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments of approximately 73.5 million, compared to cash and cash equivalents of 104.5 million as of December 31, 2021. The decrease in our cash, cash equivalents, and short-term investments was primarily due to the selling, general and administrative expenses in part to support the commercial launch of BREXAFEMME and the continued development costs associated with ibrexafungerp, offset in part due to the 41.8 million in net proceeds we raised from our public offering of our common stock and warrants in April 2022. 
 We have incurred net losses since our inception, including the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, our accumulated deficit was 422.3 million. We anticipate that we will continue to incur losses for at least the next several years. As a result, we will need additional capital to fund our operations, which we may obtain through one or more of equity offerings, debt financings, or other non-dilutive third-party funding (e.g., grants), strategic alliances and licensing or collaboration arrangements. We may offer shares of our common stock pursuant to our Form S-3 shelf registration statements. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we sold 137,610 shares of our common stock and received net proceeds of 0.7 million under our at-the-market (ATM) facility, sold 425,000 shares of our common stock and received net proceeds of 1.6 million under our common stock purchase agreement with Aspire Capital, and in February 2022, we received a cash receipt of 4.7 million from a third party for the sale of a portion of our unused New Jersey Net Operating Losses (NOLs) and research and development credits. 
 Cash Flows 
 The following table sets forth the significant sources and uses of cash for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 (dollars in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, January 1 

104,702 

93,314 

Net cash used in operating activities 

(79,883) 

(54,560) 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(27,389) 

(1,172) 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

48,602 

67,120 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

(58,670) 

11,388 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash, December 31 

46,032 

104,702 

Operating Activities 
 The 25.3 million increase in net cash used in operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022, as compared to the year ended December 31, 2021, was primarily due to the increase in selling, general and administrative expenses to support the commercial launch of BREXAFEMME and the continued development costs associated with ibrexafungerp. In the prior comparable period, we received a cash receipt of 10.0 million from Hansoh, as consideration for the licenses under our agreement with Hansoh in February 2021, that offset selling, general and administrative expenses to support the commercial launch of BREXAFEMME and the continued development costs associated with ibrexafungerp and ongoing operations. Consistent with our operating plan, we also expect that we will continue to incur significant selling, general and administrative expenses to support our public reporting company operations and ongoing operations, but that our selling, general and administrative expenses will decrease as we wind down the promotional activities associated with BREXAFEMME for the VVC indication. 
 Net cash used in operating activities of 79.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, primarily consisted of the 62.8 million net loss adjusted for non-cash charges that included the gain on change in fair value of the warrant liabilities of 22.3 million and stock-based compensation expense of 3.7 million, the gain on change in fair value of the derivative liabilities of 1.3 million, and the amortization of debt issuance costs and discount of 1.6 million, plus a net favorable change in operating assets and liabilities of 0.8 million. The net favorable change in operating assets and liabilities consisted primarily of an increase in accrued expenses, other liabilities and other of 2.3 million due to the increase of 2.4 million in other liabilities associated with the long term deferred fees due to Amplity, a decrease in prepaid expenses, other assets deferred costs and other of 1.6 million primarily due to a 1.1 million decrease in prepaid inventory, offset in part due to a decrease in accounts payable of 1.5 million and an increase in accounts receivable of 1.2 million. 
 Net cash used in operating activities of 54.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, primarily consisted of the 32.9 million net loss adjusted for non-cash charges that included the gain on change in fair value of the warrant liabilities of 30.4 million and stock-based compensation expense of 2.1 million, the gain on change in fair value of the derivative liabilities of 1.2 million, the loss on extinguishment of debt of 2.7 million, and the amortization of debt issuance costs and discount of 1.3 million, plus a net favorable change in operating assets and liabilities of 3.1 million. The net favorable 
 55 

change in operating assets and liabilities consisted of an increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses of 7.7 million, offset in part by an increase in prepaid expenses, other assets, and deferred costs, accounts receivable, and inventory of 4.6 million. The 7.7 million increase in accounts payable and accrued expenses was primarily due to the increase in accounts payable of 2.6 million as of December 31, 2021 and an increase of 3.4 million for other liabilities associated with the long term deferred fees due to Amplity. The 4.6 million increase in prepaid expenses, other assets, and deferred costs, accounts receivable, and inventory is primarily due to an increase in inventory of 5.3 million, and an increase in accounts receivable of 0.9 million, offset in part by a decrease of 2.9 million in other assets for a receivable that was fully collected in February 2021. 
 Investing Activities 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 27.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted of purchases of short-term investments. 
 Net cash used in investing activities of 1.2 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted solely of purchases of intangible assets associated with implementation costs for internal use software. 
 Financing Activities 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 48.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2022, consisted primarily of the gross proceeds of 45.0 million from the April 2022 public offering, the 2.2 million in gross proceeds from common stock issued under our ATM and common stock purchase agreement, and the 5.0 million received from the Loan Agreement, offset in part by payments of offering costs and underwriting discounts and commissions of 3.6 million. 
 Net cash provided by financing activities of 67.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, consisted primarily of (a) gross proceeds from common stock of 32.8 million from the exercise of outstanding warrants in addition to 5.7 million in gross proceeds from common stock sold under our ATM and Aspire facilities, partially offset by related underwriting discounts and commissions and offering expenses totaling 0.2 million, and (b) during the period we received 30.0 million under our Loan Agreement, offset by 1.3 million in payments of loan payable issuance costs associated with the Loan Agreement. 
 Future Cash Needs and Funding Requirements 
 To date, we have generated minimal revenue from product sales. We do not know if or when we will be able to generate significant revenue from product sales. In addition, we expect to incur expenses in connection with our ongoing development activities, particularly as we continue the research, development and clinical trials of, and seek regulatory approval for, our product candidates. We anticipate that we will need substantial additional funding in connection with our continuing future operations. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, we have incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations and have limited capital resources to fund ongoing operations which raises substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. 
 We received 30.0 million in 2021 and received 5.0 million in 2022 under our Loan Agreement with Hercules and Silicon Valley Bank. In March 2023, in connection with the entering into of the License Agreement with GSK, we, Hercules and SVB entered into a First Amendment and Consent to Loan and Security Agreement pursuant to which the lenders under the Loan Agreement consented to us entering into the License Agreement and we agreed to pay to the lenders an amount equal to the sum of (i) all outstanding principal plus all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the amounts loaned under the Loan Agreement (approximately 35.4 million), (ii) the prepayment fee payable under Loan Agreement 262,500), (iii) the final payment payable under Loan Agreement 1,382,500), and (iv) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable with respect to loan advances under the Loan Agreement. These payments by us will become due upon the earliest of (A) one business day following receipt by us of the 90 million upfront payment payable to us under the License Agreement, (B) June 1, 2023, or (C) the termination of the License Agreement. 
 We are continually evaluating our operating plan and assessing the optimal cash utilization for our ibrexafungerp development strategy. We have based our estimates on assumptions that may prove to be wrong, and we may use our available capital resources sooner than we currently expect. Because of the numerous risks and uncertainties associated with the development and commercialization of product candidates, we are unable to estimate the amounts of increased capital outlays and operating expenses necessary to complete the development of product candidates. 
 Our future capital requirements will depend on many factors, including: 
 our ability to close the transactions contemplated by the License Agreement with GSK; 

the progress, costs, and the clinical research and development of ibrexafungerp; 

the outcome, costs and timing of seeking and obtaining FDA and any other regulatory approvals; 

the ability of our product candidates to progress through clinical development successfully; 

56 

our need to expand our research and development activities; 

the costs associated with securing, establishing and maintaining commercialization and manufacturing capabilities; 

our ability to maintain, expand and defend the scope of our intellectual property portfolio, including the amount and timing of any payments we may be required to make, or that we may receive, in connection with the licensing, filing, prosecution, defense and enforcement of any patents or other intellectual property rights; 

our need and ability to hire additional management and scientific and medical personnel; 

our need to implement additional, as well as to enhance existing, internal systems and infrastructure, including financial and reporting processes and systems; and 

the economic and other terms, timing and success of our existing licensing arrangements and any collaboration, licensing or other arrangements into which we may enter in the future. 

Until such time, if ever, as we can generate substantial revenue from product sales, we expect to finance our cash needs through a combination of net proceeds from equity offerings, debt financings, or other non-dilutive third-party funding (e.g., grants), strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. To the extent that we raise additional capital through the sale of equity or convertible debt securities, the ownership interests of our common stockholders will be diluted, and the terms of these securities may include liquidation or other preferences that adversely affect the rights of our common stockholders. Debt financing, similar to our Loan Agreement or the convertible senior notes we sold in March 2019 and April 2020, if available, may involve agreements that include covenants limiting or restricting our ability to take specific actions, such as incurring additional debt, making capital expenditures or declaring dividends. If we raise additional funds through sales of assets, other third-party funding, strategic alliances and licensing or collaboration arrangements with third parties, we may have to relinquish valuable rights to our technologies, future revenue streams, research programs or product candidates or to grant licenses on terms that may not be favorable to us. 
 Critical Accounting Judgments and Estimates 
 Our management s discussion and analysis of our financial condition and results of operations is based on our consolidated financial statements, which we have prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States, or GAAP. The preparation of our consolidated financial statements requires us to make judgments, estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and the disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at the date of our consolidated financial statements, as well as the reported revenues and expenses during the reported periods. We evaluate these estimates and judgments on an ongoing basis. We base our assumptions and estimates on historical experience and on various other factors that we believe are reasonable under the circumstances, the results of which form the basis for making judgments about the carrying value of assets and liabilities that are not readily apparent from other sources. Actual results may differ from these estimates under different assumptions or conditions. 
 While our significant accounting policies are more fully described in Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022, included in this Annual Report, we believe that the following accounting policies are critical to the process of making significant judgments and estimates in the preparation of our consolidated financial statements and understanding and evaluating our reported financial results. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 Product Revenue, Net 
 We account for revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification (ASC) Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers (Topic 606). Under ASC Topic 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of goods and services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. We perform the following five steps to recognize revenue under ASC Topic 606: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. We only recognize revenue when it is probable that we will collect the consideration to which we are entitled in exchange for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. The transaction price for product sales is reduced by variable consideration related to certain gross to net (GTN) adjustments, including chargebacks, rebates, discounts, incentives, and returns, and we will estimate the amount of this variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price using the expected value method. 
 Information from external sources is used to estimate GTN adjustments. Our estimate of inventory at the wholesalers is based on the projected prescription demand-based sales for our products, as well as our analysis of third-party information, including written and oral information obtained from certain wholesalers with respect to their inventory levels and sell-through to customers and third-party market research data, and our internal information. The inventory information received from 
 57 

wholesalers is a product of their recordkeeping process and excludes inventory held by intermediaries to whom they sell, such as retailers. 
 We also use information from external sources to identify prescription trends, patient demand and average selling prices. Our estimates are subject to inherent limitations of estimates that rely on third-party information, as certain third-party information was itself in the form of estimates, and reflect other limitations including lags between the date as of which third-party information is generated and the date on which we receive third-party information. Our significant GTN adjustments are further described below: 
 Voluntary Patient Assistance Programs Through vendors, we offer copay assistance to provide financial assistance to patients for the portion of their prescription cost that is not covered by payors. The reduction in product revenue due to the copay programs is based on an estimate of claims and costs per claim that we expect to receive associated with product revenue that have been recognized. This includes potential product revenue that remains in the distribution channel at the end of a reporting period. 

Wholesaler Fees and Trade Discounts We offer discounts and pays certain distributor service fees primarily at contracted rates. These are recorded as a reduction in product revenue based on distributors purchases and the applicable discount rate. 

Chargebacks - For certain entities, pricing on BREXAFEMME is extended below wholesaler list price. Entities that purchase BREXAFEMME from wholesalers at the lower program price then remit us the difference between their acquisition cost and the lower program price, resulting in a reduction of product revenue. Accounts receivable is reduced for the estimated amount of unprocessed chargeback claims attributable to sale. 

Commercial Rebates We contract with commercial payors such as insurers and PBMs and offer rebates for utilization and formulary status. These reserves are recorded in the same period in which the related revenue is recognized, resulting in a reduction of product revenue. 

License Agreement Revenue 
 We have entered into arrangements involving the sale or license of intellectual property and the provision of other services. When entering into any arrangement involving the sale or license of intellectual property rights and other services, we determine whether the arrangement is subject to accounting guidance in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers, as well as ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements (Topic 808). If we determine that an arrangement includes goods or services that are central to our business operations for consideration, we will then identify the performance obligations in the contract using the unit-of-account guidance in Topic 606. For a distinct unit-of-account that is within the scope of Topic 606, we will apply all of the accounting requirements in Topic 606 to that unit-of-account, including the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure requirements. For a distinct unit-of-account that is not within the scope of Topic 606, we will recognize and measure the distinct unit-of-account based on other authoritative ASC Topics or on a reasonable, rational, and consistently applied policy election. 
 In arrangements that include the sale or license of intellectual property and other promised services, we first identify if the licenses are distinct from the other promises in the arrangement. If the license is not distinct, the license is combined with other services into a single performance obligation. For the sale of intellectual property that is distinct, fixed consideration and variable consideration are included in the transaction price and recognized in revenue immediately to the extent that it is probable that there would not be a significant reversal of cumulative revenue in the future. If the sale or license of intellectual property is not distinct, revenue is deferred and recognized over the estimated period of our combined performance obligation. 
 Research and Development Accruals 
 We are required to estimate our expenses resulting from our obligations under contracts with CROs, clinical site agreements, vendors, and consultants in connection with conducting ibrexafungerp clinical trials and preclinical studies and other development activities. The financial terms of these contracts are subject to negotiations which vary from contract to contract and may result in payment flows that do not match the periods over which materials or services are provided to us under such contracts. Our objective is to reflect the appropriate development and trial expenses in our consolidated financial statements by matching those expenses with the period in which the services and efforts are expended by our service providers. 
 For clinical trials, we account for these expenses according to the progress of the trial as measured by actual hours expended by CRO personnel, investigator performance or completion of specific tasks, patient progression, or timing of various aspects of the trial. For preclinical development services performed by outside service providers, we determine accrual estimates through financial models, taking into account development progress data received from outside service providers and discussions with our knowledgeable internal personnel and service provider personnel. During the course of a clinical trial or preclinical study or development project, we adjust our rate of trial or project expense recognition if actual results differ from our estimates. We make estimates of our accrued expenses as of each balance sheet date within our consolidated financial 
 58 

statements based on the facts and circumstances known to us at that time. Our understanding of the status and timing of services performed relative to the actual status and timing of services performed may vary and may result in our reporting changes in estimates in any particular period. We have not experienced any significant adjustments to our estimates to date. 
 Stock-Based Compensation 
 We record the fair value of stock options issued as of the grant date as compensation expense. We recognize compensation expense over the requisite service period, which is equal to the vesting period. 
 Stock-based compensation expense has been reported in our statements of operations as follows (dollars in thousands): 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Research and development 

1,076 

631 

Selling, general and administrative 

2,436 

1,457 

Total 

3,512 

2,088 

On December 31, 2022, the aggregate intrinsic value of outstanding options to purchase shares of our common stock was zero, based upon the 1.56 closing sales price per share of our common stock as reported on the Nasdaq Global Market on that date. 
 Determination of the Fair Value of Stock-based Compensation Grants 
 We calculate the fair value of stock-based compensation arrangements using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model requires the use of subjective assumptions, including volatility of our common stock, the expected term of our stock options, the risk free interest rate for a period that approximates the expected term of our stock options, and the fair value of the underlying common stock on the date of grant. In applying these assumptions, we considered the following factors: 
 we estimate expected volatility based on the volatility of our own common stock trading history and implied volatility; 

the assumed dividend yield is based on our expectation of not paying dividends on our underlying common stock for the foreseeable future; 

we determine the average expected life of stock options based on the simplified method in accordance with SEC Staff Accounting Bulletin Nos. 107 and 110. We expect to use the simplified method until we have sufficient historical exercise data to provide a reasonable basis upon which to estimate expected term; 

we determine the risk-free interest rate by reference to implied yields available from U.S. Treasury securities with a remaining term equal to the expected life assumed at the date of grant; and 

we recognize forfeitures as they are incurred. 

The assumptions used in the Black-Scholes option-pricing model for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are set forth below: 

Employee Stock Options 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Weighted average risk-free interest rate 

2.45 

0.64 

Weighted average expected term (in years) 

6.04 

5.15 

Weighted average expected volatility 

73.80 

62.10 

Non-Employee Stock Options 
 
 Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Weighted average risk-free interest rate 

3.18 

0.74 

Weighted average expected term (in years) 

5.63 

5.79 

Weighted average expected volatility 

74.20 

69.56 

Warrant Liabilities 
 We account for the outstanding warrants associated with the March 2018, December 2019, December 2020, and April 2022 public offerings as well as the Loan Agreement warrants associated with the remaining unfunded tranches as liabilities measured at fair value. The fair values of these warrants have been determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model. We determine the risk-free interest rate by reference to implied yields available from U.S. Treasury securities and utilize the remaining term of the warrant as the expected term. We estimate expected volatility using the historical volatility of our 
 59 

common stock given we have sufficient history to support the expected terms of the warrants and implied volatility. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements on this Annual Report for further details. 
 Convertible Debt and Derivative Liabilities 
 For the convertible notes, we account for the bifurcated embedded conversion option, inclusive of the interest make-whole provision and make-whole fundamental change provision, as long-term derivative liabilities in our consolidated balance sheet. The derivative liabilities are remeasured at each reporting period using the binomial lattice model with changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statements of operations in other (income) expense. We used the binomial lattice valuation model to value the derivative liabilities at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. This model incorporates transaction details such as stock price, contractual terms, dividend yield, risk-free rate, adjusted equity volatility, credit rating, market credit spread, and estimated yield. See Note 2 to our consolidated financial statements on this Annual Report for further details. 
 ITEM 7A.	QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITAT IVE DISCLOSURE ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 This item is not applicable to smaller reporting companies. 
 60 

ITEM 8.	CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMEN TS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID 
 62 

Consolidated Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 64 

Consolidated Statements of Operations for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 65 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Stockholders' Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 66 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 67 

Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements 
 68 

61 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGI STERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 To the shareholders and the Board of Directors of SCYNEXIS, Inc. 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of SCYNEXIS, Inc. and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows, for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the two years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Going Concern 
 
 The accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the Company has incurred significant losses and negative cash flows from operations and has limited capital resources to fund ongoing operations which raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of these uncertainties. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current-period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. The communication of critical audit matters does not alter in any way our opinion on the financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the accounts or disclosures to which it relates. 
 
 Gross-to-net rebate accruals Refer to Note 2 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 11 
 Revenue to the financial statements 
 
 Critical Audit Matter Description 
 
 As more fully disclosed in Note 2 and Note 11 of the financial statements, the Company s product revenue is recognized in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification Topic 606 ASC 606 upon the transfer of control of the Company s product to a customer and is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for 
 62 

transferring the product to a customer transaction price ). The transaction price for product sales is reduced by variable consideration related to certain gross-to-net GTN adjustments, including chargebacks, rebates, discounts, incentives, and returns, and the Company will estimate the amount of this variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price using the expected value method. The amount of variable consideration that is included in the transaction price may be constrained and is included in net sales only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period. These estimates take into consideration prescription demand from commercial providers, current contractual and statutory requirements, specific known market events and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns, and historical trends. 
 
 We identified management s estimation of certain GTN adjustments, specifically copay and commercial rebates GTN rebates as a critical audit matter, given the complexity involved in determining the significant assumptions used in estimating the transaction price. Auditing these estimates involved especially subjective judgment and audit effort. 
 
 How the Critical Audit Matter Was Addressed in the Audit 
 
 Our audit procedures related to the accounting for the Company s GTN rebates included the following, among others: 
 We evaluated management's significant accounting policies related to GTN rebates for reasonableness and consistency. 

We evaluated the appropriateness and consistency of the Company s methods and assumptions used to calculate GTN rebates. 

We tested the mathematical accuracy of GTN rebates. 

We tested the overall reasonableness of GTN rebates recorded at period end by developing an expectation for comparison to actual recorded balances. 

We tested GTN rebate claims processed by the Company, including evaluating those claims for consistency with the conditions and terms of the Company s contractual arrangements. 

/s/ 

March 31, 2023 
 
 We have served as the Company's auditor since 2000. 
 
 63 

SCYNEXIS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Current assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Short-term investments 

Prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Accounts receivable, net 

Inventory, net 

Restricted cash 

Total current assets 

Other assets 

Deferred offering costs 

Restricted cash 

Intangible assets, net 

Operating lease right-of-use asset (Note 9) 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable 

Accrued expenses 

Other liabilities, current portion (See Note 8) 

Operating lease liability, current portion (Note 9) 

Total current liabilities 

Other liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Convertible debt and derivative liability (Note 8) 

Loan payable (Note 8) 

Operating lease liability (Note 9) 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and contingencies 

Stockholders equity: 

Preferred stock, par value, authorized shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021; shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Common stock, par value, shares authorized as of December 31, 2022 and shares as of December 31, 2021; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

() 

() 

Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 64 

SCYNEXIS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 
 (in thousands, except share and per share data) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Revenue: 

Product revenue, net 

License agreement revenue 

Total revenue 

Operating expenses: 

Cost of product revenue 

Research and development 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total operating expenses 

Loss from operations 

() 

() 

Other (income) expense: 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and discount 

Interest income 

() 

() 

Interest expense 

Other income 

() 

() 

Warrant liabilities fair value adjustment 

() 

() 

Derivative liability fair value adjustment 

() 

() 

Total other income 

() 

() 

Loss before taxes 

() 

() 

Income tax benefit 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Net loss per share basic and diluted 

() 

() 

Weighted average common shares outstanding basic and diluted 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 65 

SCYNEXIS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CHANGES I N STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 
 (in thousands, except share data) 

Shares of Common Stock 

Common Stock 

Additional Paid-in Capital 

Accumulated Deficit 

Total Stockholders Equity 

Balances as of December 31, 2020 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Common stock issued through employee stock purchase and stock option plans 

Common stock issued, net of expenses 

Common stock issued for conversion of April 2020 Notes 

Common stock issued for vested restricted stock units 

() 

() 

Vested Loan Agreement warrants 

Balances as of December 31, 2021 

() 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Common stock issued through employee stock purchase and stock option plans 

Common stock issued, net of expenses 

Common stock issued for vested restricted stock units 

Vested Loan Agreement warrants 

Balances as of December 31, 2022 

() 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 66 

SCYNEXIS, INC. 
 CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 
 (in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash flows from operating activities: 

Net loss 

() 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net loss to net cash used in operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Stock-based compensation expense 

Accretion of investment discount 

() 

Amortization of debt issuance costs and discount 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

() 

() 

Change in fair value of derivative liabilities 

() 

() 

Noncash operating lease expense for right-of-use asset 

Loss on extinguishment of debt 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses, other assets, deferred costs, and other 

Accounts receivable 

() 

() 

Inventory 

() 

() 

Accounts payable 

() 

Accrued expenses, other liabilities, and other 

Net cash used in operating activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of intangible assets 

() 

() 

Purchase of investments 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds from common stock issued 

Payments of offering costs and underwriting discounts and commissions 

() 

() 

Proceeds from loan payable 

Payments of loan payable issuance costs 

() 

() 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan issuances 

Repurchase of shares to satisfy tax withholdings 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net (decrease) increase in cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash 

() 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at beginning of period 

Cash, cash equivalents, and restricted cash at end of period 

Supplemental cash flow information: 

Cash paid for interest 

Cash received for interest 

Noncash financing and investing activities: 

Purchased intangible assets included in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Deferred offering and issuance costs included in accounts payable 

Deferred offering costs reclassified to additional paid-in capital 

Common stock issued for settlement of senior convertible notes 

Reclass of warrant liability to additional paid in capital 

Reclass of deferred asset associated with issuance of loan payable to debt discount 

Settlement of liability for exercise of warrants 

The accompanying notes are an integral part of the financial statements. 
 67 

SCYNEXIS, INC. 
 NOTES TO THE CONSOLIDATED FINA NCIAL STATEMENTS 
 million as of December 31, 2022. In connection with the entering into of the License Agreement, the Company entered into a First Amendment and Consent to Loan and Security Agreement with the Lenders pursuant to the Lenders consented to the Company entering into the License Agreement and the Company agreed to pay to the Lenders an amount equal to the sum of (i) all outstanding principal plus all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the amounts loaned under the Loan Agreement, (ii) the prepayment fee payable under Loan Agreement (approximately million), (iii) the final payment payable under Loan Agreement (approximately million), and (iv) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable with respect to loan advances under the Loan Agreement. These payments by the Company will become due upon the earliest of (A) one business day following receipt by the Company of the million upfront payment payable to the Company under the License Agreement, (B) June 1, 2023, or (C) the termination of the License Agreement. The consolidated financial statements include the accounts of the Company and its wholly-owned subsidiary. Intercompany balances and transactions are eliminated in consolidation. Liquidity and Going Concern The Company has funded its operations primarily through a combination of net proceeds from equity offerings, debt financings, and other non-dilutive third-party funding (e.g., grants), strategic alliances and licensing arrangements. To date, the Company has generated minimal revenue from product sales. The Company does not know if or when the Company will be able to generate significant revenue from product sales. In addition, the Company expects to incur expenses in connection with the Company's ongoing development activities, particularly as the Company continues the research, development and clinical trials of, and seek regulatory approval for, its product candidates. The Company anticipates that it will need substantial additional funding in connection with its continuing future operations. As of the date the accompanying consolidated financial statements were issued (the issuance date ), management evaluated the significance of the following negative financial conditions in accordance with ASC 205-40, Going Concern : The Company has incurred recurring losses since its inception, including net losses of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, the Company had an accumulated deficit of million. The Company expects to continue to generate operating losses for the foreseeable future. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had approximately million of unrestricted cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments available to fund the Company s operations. 

 The Company expects to incur substantial expenditures to fund its operations and ongoing development activities for the foreseeable future. In order to fund its operations and ongoing development activities, the Company will need to secure additional sources of outside capital. As noted above and as further disclosed in Note 16, the Company entered into a License Agreement with GSK in March 2023, in which the Company granted GSK with an exclusive license for the development and commercialization of ibrexafungerp, including the approved product BREXAFEMME. The closing of the License Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended, and therefore the related cash flows, including the upfront payment of million, were not included in the Company s ASC 205-40 analysis as of the issuance date. Management expects the License Agreement to close during the second quarter of 2023. 

 In the event the License Agreement does not close, the Company may be unable to meet its obligations as they become due over the next twelve months beyond the issuance date. In that regard, management will be required to seek other strategic alternatives, which may include, raising additional capital through equity offerings, including utilizing our existing facility, debt financings, or other non-dilutive third-party funding. While the Company has a history of successfully raising capital in this manner, management can provide no assurance that additional capital will be secured or on terms that are acceptable to the Company. In the event the Company is unable to secure additional capital, management will be required to seek other strategic alternatives, which may include, among others, delaying expenditures, reducing the scope of its research and development programs, significant changes to its operating plan, a sale of certain of the Company s assets, a sale of the entire Company to strategic or financial investors, and/or allowing the Company to become insolvent by filing for bankruptcy. 

 As disclosed in Note 8, the Company is required to maintain compliance with certain covenants prescribed by the Term Loan. The first covenant pertains to a minimum cash requirement whereby the Company must maintain a minimum amount of unrestricted and unencumbered cash in accounts with the lender at all times that represents at least of the outstanding principal on the Term Loan (the minimum cash ). In the event the minimum cash is not maintained, the second covenant requires the Company to maintain compliance with a trailing three-month net product revenue threshold (the revenue covenant ). As of December 31, 2022 and through the issuance date, the Company met the minimum cash requirement. However, management can provide no assurance that the minimum cash will be maintained for at least twelve months beyond the issuance date. If the Company does not meet the minimum cash requirement and, as such, must maintain compliance with the revenue covenant, management does not expect the Company will be able to comply with the revenue covenant for any period over the next twelve months beyond the issuance date. If the Company is required to comply with, but does not maintain compliance with, the revenue covenant, management may seek a waiver from the lender or refinance the outstanding borrowings under the Term Loan with another lender. However, management can provide no assurance a waiver will be granted by the lender or on terms that are acceptable to the Company. Similarly, management can provide no assurance that the Company will be able to refinance the amounts outstanding on the Term Loan or obtain a new loan on terms that are acceptable to the Company. In the event a waiver is not granted, or the Term Loan is not refinanced, the lender may exercise any and all of its rights and remedies provided for under the borrowing agreement which may include, among others, entering into a forbearance agreement, demanding payment, and/or seizing the underlying assets secured by the Term Loan. 

 Further, as noted above, the Company entered into an amendment to the Loan Agreement in March 2023, which amends the original terms of the Loan Agreement to require that the outstanding principal and accrued and unpaid interest amounts, the prepayment fee and the final payment will become due and payable at the earliest of (A) one business day following receipt by the Company of the upfront payment payable to the Company under the License Agreement, (B) June 1, 2023, or (C) the termination of the License Agreement. While management expects that the License Agreement will close during the second quarter of 2023, if the License Agreement were unable to close or were to close at a later date than originally expected, the amendment to the Loan agreement would require the Company to repay the amounts due under the Loan Agreement potentially prior to the close of the License Agreement. 

 These uncertainties raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern. The accompanying consolidated financial statements have been prepared on the basis that the Company will continue to operate as a going concern, which contemplates that the Company will be able to realize assets and settle liabilities and commitments in the normal course of business for twelve months following the issuance date. Accordingly, the accompanying consolidated financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of these uncertainties. Use of Estimates The preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. GAAP requires the Company to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities as of the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting period. Actual results could differ from those estimates. Significant estimates and judgments include: revenue recognition including gross to net estimates and the identification of performance obligations in licensing arrangements; determination of the fair value of stock-based compensation grants; the estimate of services and effort expended by third-party research and development service providers used to recognize research and development expense; and the estimates and assumptions utilized in measuring the fair values of the warrant and derivative liabilities each reporting period. 

 million in cash on deposit and approximately million in a money market account with SVB who was administering the account as our agent. The Company's remaining cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments are primarily held in a money market account and in U.S. treasury securities that are unaffiliated with SVB and held with another financial institution acting as custodian, but which SVB administers on the Company's behalf. The Company is able to access all cash, cash equivalents and short-term investments held at or through SVB and at our financial institution custodians. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts. 
 million and million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. See Note 9 for further details on the nature of the restricted cash. 
 
 t record an allowance for doubtful accounts as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company accounts for revenue in accordance with Accounting Standards Codification ASC Topic 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers Topic 606 ). Under ASC Topic 606, an entity recognizes revenue when its customer obtains control of goods and services, in an amount that reflects the consideration that the entity expects to be entitled in exchange for those goods and services. The Company performs the following five steps to recognize revenue under ASC Topic 606: (i) identify the contract(s) with a customer; (ii) identify the performance obligations in the contract; (iii) determine the transaction price; (iv) allocate the transaction price to the performance obligations in the contract; and (v) recognize revenue when (or as) the entity satisfies a performance obligation. The Company only recognizes revenue when it is probable that it will collect the consideration to which it is entitled in exchange for the goods or services that will be transferred to the customer. Product Revenue, Net The Company sells BREXAFEMME primarily to wholesalers in the United States and are initially invoiced at contractual list prices. These wholesalers subsequently resell BREXAFEMME to specialty and other retail pharmacies. In addition to agreements with the wholesalers, the Company enters into arrangements with third-party payors that provide for government-mandated and/or privately-negotiated rebates, chargebacks, and discounts for the purchase of BREXAFEMME. The transaction price for product sales is reduced by variable consideration related to certain gross to net GTN adjustments, including chargebacks, rebates, discounts, incentives, and returns, and the Company will estimate the amount of this variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price using the expected value method. Specific considerations around the Company s product revenue gross to net GTN adjustments are as follows: Voluntary Patient Assistance Programs Through vendors, the Company offers copay assistance to provide financial assistance to patients for the portion of their prescription cost that is not covered by payors. The reduction in product revenue due to the copay programs is based on an estimate of claims and costs per claim that the Company expects to receive associated with product revenue that has been recognized. This includes potential product revenue that remains in the distribution channel at the end of a reporting period. 

 Trade Discounts and Wholesaler Fees The Company offers discounts and pays certain distributor service fees. These are recorded as a reduction in product revenue based on distributors purchases and the applicable discount rate. 

 Product Stocking Fees During the initial launch of BREXAFEMME, the Company offered additional fees to wholesalers and certain indirect customers to incent stocking at wholesalers and pharmacies. These were recorded as a reduction in product revenue based on these customer s purchases during the eligible period and limited to a certain volume. 

 Product Returns - Generally, the Company s customers have the right to return products during the 18-month period beginning six months prior to the labeled expiration date and ending twelve months after the labeled expiration date. Since the Company has a limited history of BREXAFEMME returns, the Company estimated returns based on industry data for comparable products in the market. As the Company distributes its product and establishes historical sales over a longer period of time (i.e., two to three years), the Company will be able to place more reliance on historical purchasing, demand and return patterns of its customers when evaluating its reserves for product returns. BREXAFEMME has a thirty-month shelf life. 

 Chargebacks - For certain entities, pricing on BREXAFEMME is extended below wholesaler list price. Entities that purchase BREXAFEMME from wholesalers at the lower program price then remit the Company the difference between their acquisition cost and the lower program price, resulting in a reduction of product revenue. Accounts receivable is reduced for the estimated amount of unprocessed chargeback claims attributable to sale. 

 Commercial Rebates The Company contracts with commercial payors such as insurers and PBMs and offer rebates for utilization and formulary status. These reserves are recorded in the same period in which the related revenue is recognized, resulting in a reduction of product revenue. 

 Government Rebates The Company is subject to discount obligations under state Medicaid programs, Medicare, and other government programs. Provisions for government rebates are based on the estimated amount of rebates and incentives to be claimed on the related sales from the period. These reserves are recorded in the same period in which the related revenue is recognized, resulting in a reduction of product revenue. For Medicare, the Company must also estimate the number of patients in the prescription drug coverage gap for whom we will owe an additional liability under the Medicare Part D program. 

 The Company determined that performance obligations are satisfied and product revenue is recognized when a customer takes control of the Company s product, which occurs at a point in time. This occurs upon delivery of the BREXAFEMME to customers, at which point the Company recognizes revenue. Payment is typically received to days after satisfaction of the Company s performance obligations. Revenue is measured as the amount of consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for transferring products to a customer transaction price ). The transaction price for product sales is reduced by variable consideration related to chargebacks, rebates, discounts, incentives, and returns. The Company will estimate the amount of variable consideration that should be included in the transaction price using the expected value method. These estimates take into consideration prescription demand from commercial providers, current contractual and statutory requirements, specific known market events and trends, industry data and forecasted customer buying and payment patterns, and historical trends. These provisions reflect the Company s best estimates of the amount of consideration to which it is entitled based on the terms of the contract. The amount of variable consideration that is included in the transaction price may be constrained and is included in net sales only to the extent that it is probable that a significant reversal in the amount of the cumulative revenue recognized will not occur in a future period. Actual amounts of consideration ultimately received may differ from the Company s estimates. If actual results in the future vary from the Company s estimates, the Company will adjust these estimates, which would affect net product revenue and earnings in the period such variances become known. Sales commissions and other incremental costs of obtaining customer contracts are expensed as incurred as the amortization periods would be less than . License Agreement Revenue The Company has entered into arrangements involving the sale or license of intellectual property and the provision of other services. When entering into any arrangement involving the sale or license of intellectual property rights and other services, the Company determines whether the arrangement is subject to accounting guidance in ASC 606, Revenue from Contracts with Customers , as well as ASC 808, Collaborative Arrangements Topic 808 ). If the Company determines that an arrangement includes goods or services that are central to the Company s business operations for consideration, the Company will then identify the performance obligations in the contract using the unit of account guidance in Topic 606. For a distinct unit of account that is within the scope of Topic 606, the Company applies all of the accounting requirements in Topic 606 to that unit of account, including the recognition, measurement, presentation and disclosure requirements. For a distinct unit of account that is not within the scope of Topic 606, the Company will recognize and measure the distinct unit of account based on other authoritative ASC Topics or on a reasonable, rational, and consistently applied policy election. Analyzing the arrangement to identify performance obligations requires the use of judgment. In arrangements that include the sale or license of intellectual property and other promised services, the Company first identifies if the licenses are distinct from the other promises in the arrangement. If the license is not distinct, the license is combined with other services into a single performance obligation. Factors that are considered in evaluating whether a license is distinct from other promised services include, for example, whether the counterparty can benefit from the license without the promised service on its own or with other readily available resources and whether the promised service is expected to significantly modify or customize the intellectual property. The Company classifies non-refundable upfront payments, milestone payments and royalties received for the sale or license of intellectual property as revenues within its statements of operations because the Company views such activities as being central to its business operations. For the sale of intellectual property that is distinct, fixed consideration and variable consideration are included in the transaction price and recognized in revenue immediately to the extent that it is probable that there would not be a significant reversal of cumulative revenue in the future. For the license of intellectual property that is distinct, fixed and variable consideration (to the extent there will not be a significant reversal in the future) are also recognized immediately in income, except for consideration received in the form of royalty or sales-based milestones, which is recorded when the customer s subsequent sales or usages occur. If the sale or license of intellectual property is not distinct, revenue is deferred and recognized over the estimated period of the Company s combined performance obligation. For contractual arrangements that meet the definition of a collaborative arrangement under Topic 808, consideration received for any units-of-account that are outside the scope of Topic 606 are recognized in the statements of operations by considering (i) the nature of the arrangement, (ii) the nature of the Company s business operations, and (iii) the contractual terms of the arrangement. Cost of Product Revenues The cost of product revenues consists primarily of distribution, freight costs, royalty costs, and other manufacturing costs. Prior to the regulatory approval of BREXAFEMME on June 1, 2021, the Company expensed as research and development the costs associated with the third-party manufacture of BREXAFEMME. 
 
 The Company initially reviews loan payables to identify the units of account for recognition purposes. The Company identifies the units of account by identifying each freestanding financial instrument included in the debt arrangement. For freestanding equity-linked financial instruments that are not in the form of shares, liability classification is used if the instrument embodies an obligation to repurchase the Company s shares that may require the use of cash or other assets or the instrument may require the issuance of a variable number of the Company s shares with a monetary value that is predominately based on a fixed value, based on variations in variables other than the fair value of the Company s stock, or based on variations inversely related to the fair value of the Company s stock. The Company will then review for embedded features within the debt instrument to evaluate whether the embedded features require bifurcation from the debt host instrument. Embedded features typically include conversion or exchange features, redemption features, or other embedded features. The identified embedded feature is bifurcated from the debt host instrument if the criteria in ASC 815-15-25-1 are met. Debt arrangements are classified on the consolidated balance sheet as current if the obligation of the debt arrangement is reasonably expected to be liquidated within twelve months. The Company's loan payable is recorded net of debt discount which comprised issuance costs, customary closing and final fees, and the fair value of the additional warrants issued in conjunction with the loan payable. See Note 8 for further details. 
 Convertible Senior Notes (the March 2019 Notes ), the Company bifurcated the embedded conversion option, inclusive of the interest make-whole provision and make-whole fundamental change provision, and recorded the embedded conversion option as a long-term derivative liability in the Company s balance sheet in accordance with FASB ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging . The convertible debt and the derivative liability associated with the March 2019 Notes is presented in total on the consolidated balance sheet as the convertible debt and derivative liability. The convertible debt is carried at amortized cost. The derivative liability will be remeasured at each reporting period using the binomial lattice model with changes in fair value recorded in the consolidated statements of operations in other expense (income). See Note 8 and 14 for further details. 

their initial measurement. The hierarchy requires the Company to use observable inputs when available, and to minimize the use of unobservable inputs when determining fair value. The three tiers are defined as follows: Level 1 Observable inputs that reflect quoted market prices (unadjusted) for identical assets or liabilities in active markets; 

 Level 2 Observable inputs other than quoted prices in active markets that are observable either directly or indirectly in the marketplace for identical or similar assets and liabilities; and 

 Level 3 Unobservable inputs that are supported by little or no market data, which require the Company to develop its own assumptions about the assumptions market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability based on the best information available in the circumstances. 

and shares of common stock issued in the April 2022 Public Offering and December 2020 public offering, respectively. The weighted average number of common shares outstanding utilized for determining the basic net loss per common share for the year ended December 31, 2021 includes the outstanding prefunded warrants to purchase shares of common stock issued in the December 2020 public offering. 

Outstanding restricted stock units 

Warrants to purchase common stock associated with March 2018 public offering - Series 2 

Warrants to purchase common stock associated with December 2020 public offering - Series 2 

Warrants to purchase common stock associated with April 2022 Public Offering 

Common stock associated with the March 2019 Notes 

Warrants to purchase common stock associated with Loan Agreement 

Warrants to purchase common stock associated with Danforth 

Total 

operating segment. The material assets of the Company were held in the United States for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. In July 2019, the Company incorporated SCYNEXIS Pacific Pty Ltd, a wholly-owned subsidiary, in Sydney, Australia, for the initial purpose of conducting certain clinical trials and other research and development activities. Although all operations are primarily based in the United States, the Company generated a portion of its revenue from the license agreement with Hansoh located outside of the United States for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. All sales, including sales outside of the United States, are denominated in United States dollars. 

75 

() 

Total short-term investments 

() 

The Company s evaluated the unrealized loss position in U.S. government securities as of the balance sheet date and did not consider it to be indicative of an other-than-temporary impairment as the securities are highly-rated and the Company expects to realize the full principal amount at maturity. 

Prepaid insurance 

Other prepaid expenses 

Other current assets 

Total prepaid expenses and other current assets 

Work in process 

Finished goods 

Total inventory 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company s inventory consisted of million of raw material that is not expected to be sold in one year and is classified as long term within other assets on the consolidated balance sheet. 

Less: accumulated amortization 

() 

() 

Total intangible assets, net 

For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million in amortization expense, respectively. Intangible assets consist primarily of software implementation costs purchased in 2021 and are amortized over a useful life of . The estimated remaining amortization expense of million will be recognized in 2023. 

Accrued employee bonus compensation 

Other accrued expenses 

Accrued severance 

Accrued co-pay rebates 

Accrued other rebates 

Total accrued expenses 

million (the Term Loan ). Pursuant to the Loan Agreement, the Term Loan is available to the Company in tranches, subject to certain terms and conditions. Under the terms of the Loan Agreement, the Company received an initial tranche of million from the Lenders on the closing date. The second tranche of the Term Loan, consisting of up to an additional million, became available to the Company upon receipt of approval from the FDA of ibrexafungerp for the treatment of vaginal yeast infections (the First Performance Milestone and was funded in June 2021. The third tranche of the Term Loan, consisting of an additional million, was available to the Company upon (a) the First Performance Milestone and (b) the achievement of the primary endpoint from the Phase 3 study of ibrexafungerp in patients with recurrent VVC, and was funded in March 2022. The fourth tranche of the Term Loan, consisting of up to an additional million, will be available to the Company from January 1, 2022 through December 31, 2023 in million increments, subject to certain terms and conditions, including in maintaining a ratio of total outstanding Term Loan principal to net product revenues for BREXAFEMME below a certain specified level for a given draw period. The Company estimated the fair value of the loan payable using a credit spread valuation model and Level 3 inputs which included an implied secured spread, risk free rate, and secured yield of , , and , respectively. At December 31, 2022, the fair value of the loan payable is million. The Term Loan will mature on (the Maturity Date ); provided that, the Maturity Date shall be automatically extended to subject to the occurrence of certain conditions set forth in the Loan Agreement. The Term Loan bears interest at a variable annual rate equal to the greater of (a) and (b) the Prime Rate (as reported in the Wall Street Journal) plus (the Interest Rate ). The Company may make payments of interest only through November 1, 2023, which may be extended to May 1, 2024 upon the achievement of the First Performance Milestone prior to November 1, 2023, and which is further extendable in quarterly increments until the Maturity Date, subject to continued compliance with the financial covenant of the Loan Agreement (the interest-only period ). After the interest-only period, the principal balance and related interest will be required to be repaid in equal monthly installments and continuing until the Maturity Date. In connection with the entry into the Loan Agreement, the Company issued to each of Hercules and SVB a warrant (collectively, the Warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share (the Shares ). The amount of shares that may be purchased for the Warrants, collectively between Hercules and SVB, will not exceed multiplied by the aggregate amount of the term loan advance, divided by the exercise price of the Warrants. The Loan Agreement contains customary closing fees, prepayment fees and provisions, events of default, and representations, warranties and covenants, including a financial covenant requiring the Company to maintain certain levels of trailing three-month net product revenue solely from the sale of ibrexafungerp commencing on June 30, 2022. The financial covenant will be waived at any time in which the Company maintains unrestricted and unencumbered cash in accounts maintained with SVB and another financial institution equal to at least of the total outstanding Term Loan principal amount, subject to certain requirements. Subject to certain exceptions, the Company's obligations under the Loan Agreement are secured by a first priority security interest on substantially all of the Company's personal property, other than intellectual property. The final closing fee of million is recognized as a debt discount and is being accreted into the amortization of debt issuance costs and discount using the effective interest rate method over the term of the loan payable. The initial Loan Agreement tranche of million, the funding of the additional Term Loan tranches, the initial warrants and the additional warrants, were identified as freestanding instruments that were legally detachable and separately exercisable from each other. At the closing of the Loan Agreement, the Company issued of warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock and recognized the initial warrants at their relative fair value of million in shareholder's equity. In accordance with ASC 815-40, the additional remaining warrants to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at the closing of the Loan Agreement were recognized at their fair value as warrant liabilities given the variable settlement amount of the warrant shares. The additional remaining warrants under the Loan Agreement are considered an outstanding instrument at close of the Loan Agreement. The additional remaining warrants will vest and become exercisable upon the funding of the remaining term loan tranches available under the Loan Agreement and the amount of additional warrants will not exceed 0.04 multiplied by the aggregate amount of the term loan tranche, divided by the exercise price of the Warrants. The fair value of the initial warrant liabilities of approximately million was recorded as a deferred asset and is reclassified to debt discount proportionately upon the funding of a Term Loan tranche. million and million for the second and third tranches in June 2021 and March 2022, the associated warrant liabilities of million and million were reclassed to additional paid in capital at settlement and and of warrants to purchase shares of the Company's common stock vested, respectively. 

2025 

Total principal payments 

Final fee due at maturity 

Total principal and final fee payment 

Unamortized discount and debt issuance costs 

() 

Less current portion 

Loan payable, long term 

April 2020 Note Purchase Agreement On , the Company entered into the April 2020 note purchase agreement with Puissance Life Science Opportunities Fund VI Puissance and issued and sold to Puissance million aggregate principal amount of its April 2020 Convertible Senior Notes (the April 2020 Notes ), resulting in net proceeds of approximately million after deducting million for an advisory fee and other issuance costs. In January 2021, Puissance converted the remaining million of the April 2020 Notes for shares of common stock. Upon conversion of the million of the April 2020 Notes, the Company recognized a million extinguishment loss which represents the difference between the total net carrying amount of the convertible debt and derivative liability of million and the fair value of the consideration issued of million. March 2019 Note Purchase Agreement On , the Company entered into a Senior Convertible Note Purchase Agreement (the March 2019 Note Purchase Agreement with Puissance. Pursuant to the March 2019 Note Purchase Agreement, on March 7, 2019, the Company issued and sold to Puissance million aggregate principal amount of its March 2019 Notes, resulting in million in net proceeds after deducting million for an advisory fee and other issuance costs. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company s March 2019 Notes consists of the convertible debt balance of million and million, both presented net of the unamortized debt issuance costs allocated to the convertible debt of million, and the bifurcated embedded conversion option derivative liability of and million, respectively. In connection with the Company s issuance of its March 2019 Notes, the Company bifurcated the embedded conversion option, inclusive of the interest make-whole provision and make-whole fundamental change provision, and recorded the embedded conversion option as a long-term derivative liability in the Company s balance sheet in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , at its initial fair value of million as the interest make-whole provision is settled in shares of common stock. For both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized gains of million on the fair value adjustment for the derivative liability. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recognized million and million, respectively, in amortization of debt issuance costs and discount, related to the March 2019 Notes. The Company estimated the fair value of the convertible debt and derivative liability for the March 2019 Notes using a binomial lattice valuation model and Level 3 inputs. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the fair value of the convertible debt and derivative liability for the March 2019 Notes is million and million, respectively. The March 2019 Notes were issued and sold for cash at a purchase price equal to of their principal amount, in reliance on the exemption from registration provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), due to the March 2019 Notes being issued to one financially sophisticated investor. per annum payable semiannually in arrears on March 15 and September 15 of each year, beginning September 15, 2019. , unless earlier converted, redeemed or repurchased. The March 2019 Notes constitute general, senior unsecured obligations of the Company. The The initial conversion rate is shares of common stock per principal amount of March 2019 Notes, which is equivalent to an initial conversion price of approximately and is subject to adjustment in certain events described in the March 2019 Note Purchase Agreement. The Holder upon conversion may also be entitled to receive, under certain circumstances, an interest make-whole payment payable in shares of common stock. In addition, following certain corporate events that occur prior to the maturity date, the Company will, in certain circumstances, increase the conversion rate if the holder elects to convert its March 2019 Notes in connection with such a corporate event. Subject to adjustment in the conversion rate, the number of shares that the Company may deliver in connection with a conversion of the March 2019 Notes, including those delivered in connection with an interest make-whole payment, will not exceed a cap of shares of common stock per principal amount of the March 2019 Notes. On or after , the Company has the right, at its election, to redeem all or any portion of the March 2019 Notes not previously converted if the last reported sale price per share of common stock exceeds of the conversion price on each of at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during the consecutive trading days ending on, and including, the trading day immediately before the date the Company sends the related redemption notice. The redemption price will be of the principal amount of the March 2019 Notes to be redeemed, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. If a fundamental change (as defined in the March 2019 Note Purchase Agreement) occurs, then, subject to certain exceptions, the Company must offer to repurchase the March 2019 Notes for cash at a repurchase price of of the principal amount of the March 2019 Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the repurchase date. Other Liabilities In February 2021, the Company partnered with Amplity for the commercial launch of BREXAFEMME for the treatment of VVC. Under the terms of the agreement with Amplity, the Company was to utilize Amplity s commercial execution and resources for sales force, remote engagement, training, market access and select operations services. In October 2022, the Company announced that it was actively pursuing a U.S. commercialization partner to out-license BREXAFEMME in order to refocus the Company's resources on the further clinical development of ibrexafungerp for severe, hospital-based indications. As a result, the Company wound down its promotional activities associated with BREXAFEMME, while keeping BREXAFEMME on the market and available to patients. On November 30, 2022, the Company terminated the agreement with Amplity. Under the terms of the original agreement, Amplity deferred a portion of its direct service fees in the first two years (2021 and 2022) that accrued interest at an annual rate of Deferred Fees ). As of December 31, 2022, Deferred Fees of million, which includes a portion of the million termination fee that was unpaid as of December 31, 2022, are recognized as short term other liabilities in the consolidated balance sheets. The million of Deferred Fees as of December 31, 2022 was fully paid as of February 2023. Additionally, as a result of the reduction in internal workforce in the Company's commercial function in 2022, the Company recognized million in severance costs during the year ended December 31, 2022. 

square feet of office space in Jersey City, New Jersey, that the Company identified as an operating lease under ASC 842 (the Lease ). The lease term is from August 1, 2018, the commencement date, with total lease payments of million over the lease term. to renew for two consecutive periods from the end of the first term and the Company is not reasonably certain that the option to renew the Lease will be exercised. Under the Lease, the Company furnished a security deposit in the form of a standby letter of credit in the amount of million, which will be reduced by thousand dollars every two years for ten years after the commencement of the lease . The security deposit is classified as restricted cash in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets. The consideration in the Lease allocated to the single lease component includes the fixed payments for the right to use the office space as well as common area maintenance. The Lease also contains costs associated with certain expense escalation, property taxes, insurance, parking, and utilities which are all considered variable payments and are excluded from the operating lease liability. The incremental borrowing rate utilized approximated the prevailing market interest rate the Company would incur to borrow a similar amount equal to the total Lease payments on a collateralized basis over the term of the Lease. 

Variable lease cost 

Total operating lease expense 

Cash paid for amounts included in the measurement of operating lease liability 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Remaining Lease term (years) 

Discount rate 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total 

Operating lease liability, current portion 

Operating lease liability, long-term portion 

Total operating lease liability 

Difference between future minimum lease payments and discounted cash flows 

License Arrangements with Potential Future Expenditures As of December 31, 2022, the Company had a license arrangement with Merck Sharp Dohme Corp., or Merck, as amended, that involves potential future expenditures. Under the license arrangement, executed in May 2013, the Company exclusively licensed from Merck its rights to ibrexafungerp in the field of human health. In January 2014, Merck assigned the patents related to ibrexafungerp that it had exclusively licensed to the Company. Ibrexafungerp is the Company's lead product candidate. Pursuant to the terms of the license agreement, Merck was originally eligible to receive milestone payments from the Company that could total million upon occurrence of specific events, including initiation of a Phase 2 clinical study, new drug application, and marketing approvals in each of the U.S., major European markets, and Japan. In addition, Merck is eligible to receive tiered royalties from the Company based on a percentage of worldwide net sales of ibrexafungerp. The aggregate royalties are mid- to high-single digits. In December 2014, the Company and Merck entered into an amendment to the license agreement that deferred the remittance of a milestone payment due to Merck, such that no amount would be due upon initiation of the first Phase 2 clinical trial of a product containing the ibrexafungerp compound (the Deferred Milestone ). The amendment also increased, in an amount equal to the Deferred Milestone, the milestone payment that would be due upon initiation of the first Phase 3 clinical trial of a product containing the ibrexafungerp compound. In December 2016 and January 2018, the Company entered into second and third amendments to the license agreement with Merck which clarified what would constitute the initiation of a Phase 3 clinical trial for the purpose of milestone payment. In January 2019, a milestone payment became due to Merck as a result of the initiation of the VANISH Phase 3 VVC program and was paid in March 2019. On December 2, 2020, the Company entered into a fourth amendment to the license agreement with Merck. The amendment eliminates two cash milestone payments that the Company would have paid to Merck upon the first filing of a NDA, triggered by the FDA acceptance for filing of its NDA for ibrexafungerp for the treatment of VVC, and first marketing approval in the U.S., in June 2021 for the Company s NDA for ibrexafungerp for the treatment of VVC. Such cash milestone payments would have been creditable against future royalties owed to Merck on net sales of ibrexafungerp. With the amendment, these milestones will not be paid in cash and, accordingly, credits will not accrue. Pursuant to the amendment, the Company will also forfeit the credits against future royalties that it had accrued from a prior milestone payment already paid to Merck. All other key terms of the license agreement are unchanged. Clinical Development Arrangements The Company has entered into, and expects to continue to enter into, contracts in the normal course of business with various third parties who support its clinical trials, preclinical research studies, and other services related to its development activities. The scope of the services under these agreements can generally be modified at any time, and the agreement can be terminated by either party after a period of notice and receipt of written notice. 

 per share and consists of shares as of December 31, 2022 and shares as of December 31, 2021; and shares were issued and outstanding at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In September 2022, the Company amended its Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation to increase the total number of authorized shares of common stock from to . Shares Reserved for Future Issuance 

Outstanding restricted stock units 

Warrants to purchase common stock associated with March 2018 public offering - Series 2 

Warrants to purchase common stock associated with December 2020 public offering - Series 2 

Prefunded warrants to purchase common stock associated with December 2020 public offering 

Warrants to purchase common stock associated with April 2022 Public Offering 

Prefunded warrants to purchase common stock associated with April 2022 Public Offering 

Warrants to purchase common stock associated with Loan Agreement 

Warrants to purchase common stock associated with Danforth 

For possible future issuance for the conversion of the March 2019 Notes 

For possible future issuance under 2014 Plan (Note 13) 

For possible future issuance under employee stock purchase plan 

For possible future issuance under 2015 Plan (Note 13) 

Total common shares reserved for future issuance 

Liquidation Rights In the event of any liquidation or dissolution of the Company, the holders of the common stock are entitled to the remaining assets of the Company legally available for distribution. Dividends and Voting Rights The holders of the common stock are entitled to receive dividends if and when declared by the Company. Preferred Stock On May 7, 2014, the Company amended and restated its articles of incorporation relating to its approved capital structure. The Company s board of directors has authorized the Company, subject to limitations prescribed by Delaware law, to issue up to shares of preferred stock with a par value of per share in one or more series, to establish from time to time the number of shares to be included in each series and to fix the designation, powers, preferences and rights of the shares of each series and any of its qualifications, limitations or restrictions. The Company s board of directors can also increase or decrease the number of shares of any series of preferred stock, but not below the number of shares of that series then outstanding, without any further vote or action by the stockholders. The Company s board of directors may authorize the issuance of preferred stock with voting or conversion rights that could adversely affect the voting power or other rights of the holders of the common stock. There were shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Common Stock Purchase Agreement and Sales Agreements On April 10, 2020, the Company entered into the Common Stock Purchase Agreement with Aspire Capital (the Common Stock Purchase Agreement pursuant to which the Company had the right to sell to Aspire Capital from time to time in its sole discretion up to million in shares of the Company s common stock, subject to certain limitations and conditions set forth in the Common Stock Purchase Agreement. The Common Stock Purchase Agreement expired in October 2022. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company sold and shares of its common stock under the Common Stock Purchase Agreement for gross proceeds of million and million, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022, and 2021, the Company sold and shares of its common stock and received net proceeds of million and million, respectively, under the Controlled Equity OfferingSM Sales Agreements with Cantor Fitzgerald Co. and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. (the Sales Agreements ). April 2022 Public Offering On April 22, 2022, the Company entered into an Equity Underwriting Agreement (the Underwriting Agreement with Guggenheim Securities, LLC, as representative of the several underwriters (the Underwriters ), relating to the offering, issuance and sale (the April 2022 Public Offering of (a) shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, (b) prefunded warrants, in lieu of common stock, to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, and (c) warrants, which will accompany the common stock or prefunded warrants, to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock. The prefunded warrants entitle the holders to purchase up to shares of common stock and have an unlimited term and an exercise price of per share. The warrants entitle the holders to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock and have a term and an exercise price of per share. The warrants that accompany the prefunded warrants have an additional provision entitling the holder thereof to purchase a prefunded warrant rather than a share of common stock at the warrant exercise price less the exercise price of the prefunded warrant purchased. Each warrant is exercisable immediately upon issuance, subject to certain limitations on beneficial ownership. The price to the public in the April 2022 Public Offering was per share of common stock and accompanying warrants, or in the case of prefunded warrants, per prefunded warrant and accompanying warrants, which resulted in million of net proceeds to the Company after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses. The prefunded warrants are classified as equity in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , given the prefunded warrants are indexed to the Company s own shares of common stock and meet the requirements to be classified in equity. The prefunded warrants were recorded at their relative fair value at issuance in the stockholders equity section of the balance sheet and the prefunded warrants are considered outstanding shares in the basic earnings per share calculation for the year ended December 31, 2022 given their nominal exercise price. December 2020 Public Offering Warrants On December 17, 2020, the Company completed a public offering (the December 2020 Public Offering of its common stock and warrants pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration. The Company sold an aggregate of (a) shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, (b) prefunded warrants, in lieu of common stock, to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, par value per share, and (c) two series of warrants, which will accompany the common stock or prefunded warrants, to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock. The prefunded warrants entitle the holders to purchase up to shares of common stock and have an unlimited term and an exercise price of per share. During the year ended December 31, 2021, of the prefunded warrants were exercised for proceeds of . Each of the two series of warrants entitle the holders to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of common stock. The prefunded warrants are classified as equity in accordance with ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , given the prefunded warrants are indexed to the Company s own shares of common stock and meet the requirements to be classified in equity. The prefunded warrants were recorded at their relative fair value at issuance in the stockholders equity section of the balance sheet and the prefunded warrants are considered outstanding shares in the basic earnings per share calculation for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 given their nominal exercise price. The Series 1 warrants had a term and an exercise price of per share, and the Series 2 warrants have a three-and-a-half-year term and an exercise price of per share. There is not expected to be any trading market for the prefunded warrants, the Series 1 warrants, or the Series 2 warrants issued in the offering. Each warrant is exercisable immediately upon issuance, subject to certain limitations on beneficial ownership. The Series 1 and Series 2 warrants that accompany the prefunded warrants have an additional provision, if certain beneficial ownership limitations are met, entitling the holder thereof to purchase a prefunded warrant rather than a share of common stock at the warrant exercise price less the exercise price of the prefunded warrant purchased. The price to the public in the offering was per share of common stock and accompanying warrants, or in the case of prefunded warrants, per prefunded warrant and accompanying warrants. In June 2021, of the December 2020 Series 1 public offering warrants were exercised for proceeds of million. On December 21, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a modified exercise price of per common share for up to of the Series 1 warrants. of the Series 1 warrants were repriced at per common share and were exercised for gross proceeds of million which was received by the Company in December 2021. Of the warrants exercised by the warrant holders, warrants were held by beneficial owners of the Company for gross proceeds of million. The Series 1 warrants were ultimately fair valued with the resulting change in fair value recognized in earnings. The resulting fair value of the was million and the Company recognized the change in fair value in earnings of million. On the settlement date, the contractual liability value of million for the Series 1 warrants was derecognized and included in additional paid in capital as part of the settlement. The remaining Series 1 warrants expired unexercised on December 21, 2021 and the remaining liability balance was derecognized. On November 24, 2021, an investor provided a conversion notice of shares for gross proceeds to the Company of million which was received in November 2021. As a result, the Series 1 warrants were fair valued with the resulting change in fair value recognized in earnings. The resulting fair value of the Series 1 warrants was million and the Company recognized the change in fair value in earnings of million. On the settlement date, the contractual liability value of million for the Series 1 warrants was derecognized and included in additional paid in capital as part of the settlement. December 2019 Public Offering Warrants On December 12, 2019, the Company completed a public offering (the December 2019 Public Offering of its common stock and warrants pursuant to the Company's effective Shelf Registration. The Company sold an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase up to an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock at a public offering price of per share and accompanying warrant. Net proceeds from the December 2019 Public Offering were approximately million, after deducting the underwriting discount and offering expenses. The warrants to purchase shares of common stock are immediately exercisable and expire on the earlier of (i) such date that is six months after the Company publicly announces the approval from the U.S. Food and Drug Administration for ibrexafungerp for the treatment of vulvovaginal candidiasis and (ii) , and have an exercise price of per share. There is not expected to be any trading market for the warrants. Each warrant is exercisable immediately upon issuance, subject to certain limitations on beneficial ownership. On November 26, 2021, the Board of Directors approved a modified exercise price of per common share for of the warrants issued to a beneficial owner and investor of the Company and no other terms of the original warrant were modified. On November 30, 2021, the investor provided a notice to exercise of 2019 Warrants for proceeds of million which was received by the Company on December 1, 2021. On the settlement date, the contractual liability value of million for the warrants was derecognized and included in additional paid in capital as part of the settlement. Additionally, on December 2, 2021, the Board of Directors also approved a reduced exercise price of per common share for , , , and of the warrants issued to certain investors. On December 2, 2021, one investor provided a notice to exercise of the warrants for proceeds of million which was received by the Company in December 2021. As a result, the warrants were fair valued on December 2, 2021 with the resulting change in fair value recognized in earnings. The resulting fair value of the warrants was and the Company recognized the change in fair value in earnings of . On the settlement date, the contractual liability value of for the warrants was derecognized and included in additional paid in capital as part of the settlement. The remaining 2019 Warrants expired unexercised (including the 2019 Warrants that had a revised exercise price that went unexercised) on December 2, 2021 and the remaining liability balance was derecognized. March 2018 Public Offering Warrants On March 8, 2018, the Company completed a public offering (the March 2018 Public Offering of its common stock and warrants pursuant to the Company s effective shelf registration. The Company sold an aggregate of shares of the Company s common stock and warrants to purchase up to shares of the Company s common stock at a public offering price of per share. Each purchaser received a warrant to purchase of a share of common stock (the March 2018 Series 1 warrants and of a share of common stock (the March 2018 Series 2 warrants for each share purchased in the March 2018 Public Offering. The March 2018 Series 1 warrants to purchase in the aggregate up to shares of common stock had a -week term and an exercise price of per share, and the March 2018 Series 2 warrants to purchase in the aggregate up to shares of common stock have a term and an exercise price of per share. There is not expected to be any market for the warrants and each warrant is exercisable immediately upon issuance, subject to certain limitations on beneficial ownership. Public Offering Warrant Liabilities The March 2018, December 2019, and December 2020 warrants contain a provision where the warrant holder has the option to receive cash, equal to the Black-Scholes fair value of the remaining unexercised portion of the warrant, as cash settlement in the event that there is a fundamental transaction (contractually defined to include various merger, acquisition or stock transfer activities). Due to this provision, ASC 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from Equity , requires that these warrants be classified as liabilities. The fair values of these warrants have been determined using the Black-Scholes valuation model, and the changes in the fair value are recorded in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations. The outstanding warrants associated with the April 2022 Public Offering meet the definition of a derivative pursuant to ASC 815, Derivatives and Hedging , and do not meet the derivative scope exception given the warrants do not qualify under the indexation guidance. As a result, the April 2022 Public Offering warrants were initially recognized as liabilities and measured at fair value using the Black-Scholes valuation model. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company recorded gains of million and million , respectively, due to the change in fair value of the warrant liabilities. Issuance costs of million initially allocated to the April 2022 Public Offering warrant liabilities were written off upon settlement and were recognized in the gain on the fair value adjustment for the warrant liabilities for the year ended December 31, 2022. As of December 31, 2022, the fair value of the warrant liabilities was million. Warrant Associated with Danforth Advisors Pursuant to a consulting agreement with Danforth Advisors Danforth entered into in November 2021, the Company issued to Danforth a warrant to purchase shares of the Company s common stock at an exercise price of per share. The warrant will expire from the date of the grant and will vest ratably over 24 months from the date of grant. The warrant was classified as equity and was initially fair valued using the Black-Scholes model on the grant date. In accordance with ASC 718, the Company recognized consulting expense for the non-employee share-based payment over the period the Company received Danforth s services. 

 million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Products are sold primarily to wholesalers and specialty pharmacies. Revenue is reduced from wholesaler list price at the time of recognition for expected chargebacks, rebates, discounts, incentives, and returns, which are referred to as gross to net GTN adjustments. These reductions are currently attributed to various commercial arrangements. Chargebacks and discounts are recognized as a reduction in accounts receivable or as accrued expenses based on their nature and settled through the issuance of credits to the customer or through cash payments to the customer, respectively. All other returns, rebates, and incentives are reflected as accrued expenses and settled through cash payments to the customer. Three wholesalers comprised , , and of the Company s gross revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022, and , , and of the Company s gross revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

Discounts and Chargebacks (1) 

Product Returns (2) 

Rebates and Incentives (3) 

Total 

Balance as of December 31, 2020 

Provision related to current period revenue 

Changes in estimate related to prior period revenue 

Credit/payments 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

Provision related to current period revenue 

Changes in estimate related to prior period revenue 

Credit/payments 

() 

() 

() 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

(1) Discounts and chargebacks include fees for wholesaler fees, prompt pay and other discounts, and chargebacks. Discounts and chargebacks are deducted from gross revenue at the time revenues are recognized and are included as a reduction in accounts receivable or as an accrued expense based on their nature on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

 (2) Provisions for product returns are deducted from gross revenues at the time revenues are recognized and are included in accrued expenses on the Company s consolidated balance sheet. 

 (3) Rebates and incentives include rebates and co-pay program incentives. Provisions for rebates and incentives are deducted from gross revenues at the time revenues are recognized and are included in accrued expenses on the Company s consolidated balance sheets. 

License Agreement Revenue In February 2021, the Company entered into an Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement (the Agreement with Hansoh (Shanghai) Health Technology Co., Ltd., and Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited (collectively, Hansoh ), pursuant to which the Company granted to Hansoh an exclusive license to research, develop and commercialize ibrexafungerp in the Greater China region, including mainland China, Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan (the Territory ). The Company also granted to Hansoh a non-exclusive license to manufacture ibrexafungerp solely for development and commercialization in the Territory. Under the terms of the Agreement, Hansoh shall be responsible for the development, regulatory approval and commercialization of ibrexafungerp in the Territory. Pursuant to the terms of the Agreement, the Company received as consideration for the licenses a nonrefundable upfront cash payment of million and is entitled to an additional payment that was payable upon the transfer of certain data related to the manufacturing license. In addition, the Company will also be eligible to receive up to million in potential development and commercial milestones. In addition, during the term of the licensing agreement, the Company is entitled to low double-digit royalties on net product sales. The obligation to pay royalties with respect to sales in a specified region will continue until the later of the date of expiration of all intellectual property and regulatory exclusivity for the product in the region and ten years from the first commercial sale, unless earlier terminated by Hansoh with advanced notice for convenience or under other specified circumstances. The Company is also eligible to receive a milestone related to the successful completion of a manufacturing batch by Hansoh. The Company evaluated the Agreement and concluded that it was subject to ASC 606 as the Company viewed the Agreement as a contract with a customer as the activities were central to its business operations. As such, the Company assessed the terms of the Agreement and identified one performance obligation for the licenses to research, develop, manufacture and commercialize ibrexafungerp in the Territory, including the underlying know-how related to such licenses. The Company also evaluated options for additional goods and services included in the Agreement related to (1) optional technical assistance related to development, regulatory or manufacturing activities and (2) a supply agreement for ibrexafungerp. Such options for additional goods or services were not considered to contain material rights as pricing approximated standalone selling prices and therefore the Company concluded that such options did not represent performance obligations and will be accounted for as separate transactions if and when they occur in the future. The Company determined that the transaction price of million included the fixed upfront cash payment of million, an additional amount that was payable upon the transfer of certain data related to the manufacturing license, and million related to withholding tax obligations that Hansoh remitted on behalf of the Company. The remaining amounts related to the successful completion of a manufacturing batch by Hansoh and potential development milestones represent variable consideration and were constrained as it was concluded that it was not probable that a significant reversal in cumulative revenue recognized will not occur and therefore not included in the transaction price as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. Potential commercial milestones and royalties on net product sales will be recognized in the same period that the underlying net product sales occur as they were determined to relate to the license. The transaction price was recorded in revenue during the year ended December 31, 2021 at a point in time upon control of the license transferring to Hansoh. The Company will reevaluate the transaction price at the end of each reporting period as uncertain events or resolved, or as other changes in circumstances occur. Additionally, pursuant to the Agreement, both the Company and Hansoh agreed to make reasonable efforts to account for applicable taxes, fees, duties, levies, or similar amounts imposed on net income, franchise taxes and profits arising directly or indirectly from the activities of the Agreement. To the extent Hansoh is required by applicable laws to withhold or deduct any tax on any payment to the Company, Hansoh agreed to make certain increases on payments to the Company to ensure that the Company receives a sum equal to what the Company would have received had there been no deduction or withholding. As a result, the Company has recorded revenue and tax withholding expense primarily associated with the up-front payment received by the Company on a gross basis. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million in revenue and million in income tax expense to account for the tax withholding expense primarily on the million up-front that the Company is responsible to remit under applicable tax law. In July 2016, the Company entered into an asset purchase agreement with UK-based Cypralis Limited (or Cypralis ), a life sciences company, for the sale of its cyclophilin inhibitor assets. Cypralis also acquired all patents, patent applications and know-how related to the acquired portfolio. In connection with the asset purchase agreement, the Company is eligible to receive milestone payments upon the successful progression of Cypralis clinical candidates into later stage clinical studies and royalties payable upon product commercialization. The Company retains the right to repurchase the portfolio assets from Cypralis if abandoned or deprioritized. For the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there was revenue recognized associated with this agreement given the variable consideration associated with the sale of intellectual property to Cypralis was fully constrained as of December 31, 2022. Additionally, in October 2014 the Company entered into a license agreement with Waterstone Pharmaceutical HK Limited (or Waterstone and granted Waterstone an exclusive, worldwide license to develop and commercialize certain non-strategic compounds. The Company is entitled to receive potential milestones and royalties from Waterstone; however, there was revenue recognized by the Company in 2022 and 2021 associated with this agreement given the variable consideration was fully constrained as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 million and million on loss before taxes of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.) 

() 

Non-U.S 

Total current (benefit) 

() 

() 

() 

State income taxes 

() 

() 

State effect of permanent items 

() 

() 

Foreign withholding taxes 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

() 

() 

Deferred rate change 

() 

() 

Warrants issuance 

() 

() 

Other 

() 

() 

NOL sale 

() 

() 

R D credit adjustment 

Increase in valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Total income tax (benefit) 

() 

() 

Stock-based compensation 

Lease liability 

Other 

() 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Research and development credits 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowances 

() 

() 

Net deferred tax assets 

As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had available federal net operating loss NOL carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively, and state and net operating loss carryforwards of approximately million and million, respectively. Approximately million of the federal NOLs can be carried forward to future tax years and expire at various times through 2037 . The federal NOLs generated in December 31, 2022 and 2021 of approximately million and million, respectively, are carried forward indefinitely and do not expire. The Company s state and net operating loss carryforwards began to expire in . As of December 31, 2022, the Company had available federal research and development credit carryforwards of million which began to expire in . The New Jersey Technology Business Tax Certificate Transfer (NOL) program, administered by the New Jersey Economic Development Authority, enables approved biotechnology companies to sell their unused net operating losses NOLs and research and development tax credits to unaffiliated, profitable corporate taxpayers in the State of New Jersey NJ up to a maximum lifetime benefit of million per business. As of December 31, 2022, the Company has received approximately million under the program. In February 2022 and April 2021, the Company received cash receipts of million and million, respectively, from the sale of its NJ state NOLS. The Company recognized an income tax benefit of million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, in the statement of operations. As part of the license agreement with Hansoh, the Company and Hansoh agreed to make reasonable efforts to account for applicable taxes, fees, duties, levies, or similar amounts imposed on net income, franchise taxes and profits arising directly or indirectly from the activities of the license agreement. To the extent Hansoh is required by applicable laws to withhold or deduct any tax on any payment to the Company, Hansoh agreed to make certain increases on payments to the Company to ensure that the Company receives a sum equal to what the Company would have received had there been no deduction or withholding. As a result, the Company has recorded revenue and tax withholding expense primarily associated with the up-front payment received by the Company on a gross basis. For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized million in license agreement revenue and million in income tax expense to account for the tax withholding expense primarily on the million up-front that the Company is responsible to remit under applicable tax law. On December 22, 2017, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was signed into law. The tax reform has the following effects on the Company: (1) permanently reduces the maximum corporate income tax rate from to effective for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017, (2) allows temporary expensing for certain business assets and property placed in service after September 27, 2018 and before January 1, 2023, (3) disallows NOL carrybacks but allows for the indefinite carryforward of those NOLs which applies to losses arising in tax years beginning after December 31, 2018 and, (4) limits NOL deductions for each year equal to the lesser of the available carryover or of a taxpayer s pre-NOL deduction taxable income. This applies to losses arising in tax years ending on or after December 31, 2017. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company has concluded that it is more likely than not that the Company will not realize the benefit of its deferred tax assets due to its history of losses. Accordingly, the net deferred tax assets have been fully reserved. In accordance with Section 382 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, a change in equity ownership of greater than 50 within a three-year period results in an annual limitation on the Company s ability to utilize its NOL carryforwards created during the tax periods prior to the change in ownership. The Company has determined that ownership changes have occurred and as a result, a portion of the Company s NOL carryforwards are limited. Because the Company has incurred cumulative net operating losses since inception, all tax years remain open to examination by U.S. federal and state income tax authorities. The Company applies ASC 740-10-25-5, Income Taxes , formerly FASB Interpretation No. 48, Accounting for Uncertainty in Income Taxes , as amended, on January 1, 2009. The difference between the tax benefit recognized in the financial statements and the tax benefit claimed in the tax return is referred to as an unrecognized tax benefit. 

Additions for tax positions of current period 

Additions for tax positions of prior periods 

Deferred rate change 

Unrecognized tax benefit December 31 

of the unrecognized tax benefits would, if recognized, affect the effective tax rate because the Company has recorded a valuation allowance to fully offset federal and state deferred tax assets. The Company has tax positions for which it is reasonably possible that the total amount of unrecognized tax benefits will significantly increase or decrease within the coming year. The Company has provided for interest and penalties associated with uncertain tax positions. 

 to of the fair market value of the common stock. Options granted under the plan generally vest over three to and expire in from the date of grant. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan In February 2014, the Company s board of directors adopted the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan 2014 Plan ), which was subsequently ratified by its stockholders and became effective on May 2, 2014 (the Effective Date ). The 2014 Plan, as amended on June 18, 2014 and February 25, 2015, is the successor to and continuation of the 2009 Stock Option Plan. As of the Effective Date, additional awards will be granted under the 2009 Stock Option Plan, but all stock awards granted under the 2009 Stock Option Plan prior to the Effective Date will remain subject to the terms of the 2009 Stock Option Plan. All awards granted on and after the Effective Date will be subject to the terms of the 2014 Plan. The 2014 Plan provides for the grant of the following awards: (i) incentive stock options, (ii) nonstatutory stock options, (iii) stock appreciation rights, (iv) restricted stock awards, (v) restricted stock unit awards, and (vi) other stock awards. Employees, directors, and consultants are eligible to receive awards. Options granted under the plan generally vest over three to and expire in from the date of grant. Under the 2014 Plan, after giving effect to the increases to the share reserve approved by the Company s stockholders in September 2014, and June 2015, but excluding the automatic increases discussed below, the aggregate number of shares of common stock that could be issued from and after the Effective Date (the share reserve could not exceed the sum of (i) new shares, (ii) the shares that represented the 2009 Stock Option Plan s available reserve on the Effective Date, and (iii) any returning shares from the 2009 Stock Option Plan. Under the 2014 Plan, the share reserve will automatically increase on January 1st of each year, for a period of not more than , commencing on January 1, 2015, and ending on January 1, 2024, in an amount equal to of the total number of shares of capital stock outstanding on December 31st of the preceding calendar year. The board of directors may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that there will be increase in the share reserve or that the increase will be a lesser number of shares than would otherwise occur. Pursuant to the terms of the 2014 Plan, on January 1, 2022 and 2021, the Company automatically added and shares to the total number shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2014 Plan, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2014 Plan. 2015 Inducement Plan On March 26, 2015, the Company's board of directors adopted the 2015 Inducement Plan 2015 Plan ). The 2015 Plan provides for the grant of nonstatutory stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, restricted stock unit awards, and other forms of equity compensation (collectively, stock awards), all of which may be granted to persons not previously employees or directors of the Company, or following a bona fide period of non-employment, as an inducement material to the individuals entering into employment with the Company within the meaning of NASDAQ Listing Rule 5635I(4). The 2015 Plan had an initial share reserve covering shares of common stock. On June 9, 2019, April 30, 2021, and October 18, 2022, the Company s board of directors amended the 2015 Plan, and the initial share reserve for the 2015 Plan was increased from to , from to , and from to shares of common stock, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and granted options of the Company s common stock under the 2015 Plan, respectively. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2015 Plan, respectively. Option Valuation Method The fair value of a stock option is estimated using an option-pricing model that takes into account as of the grant date the exercise price and expected life of the option, the current price of the underlying stock and its expected volatility, expected dividends on the stock, and the risk-free interest rate for the expected term of the option. The Company has used the simplified method in calculating the expected term of all option grants based on the vesting period. Compensation costs related to share-based payment transactions are recognized in the financial statements upon satisfaction of the requisite service or vesting requirements and forfeitures are recorded as incurred. The Company has elected to use the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. The Black-Scholes option-pricing model was developed for use in estimating the fair value of traded options that have no vesting restrictions and are fully transferable rather than for use in estimating the fair value of stock options subject to vesting and transferability restrictions. Using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, the weighted-average fair value of options granted during 2022 and 2021 was and per option, respectively. The aggregate fair value of options granted during 2022 and 2021 was million and million, respectively. 

Weighted average risk-free interest rate 

Weighted average expected term (in years) 

Granted 

Forfeited/expired 

() 

Outstanding December 31, 2022 

Exercisable December 31, 2022 

Vested or expected to vest December 31, 2022 

The intrinsic values in the table above represent the total intrinsic value (the difference between the Company s closing stock price as of December 31, 2022, and the exercise price multiplied by the number of options). The total fair value of shares vested for both the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 was million. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested options granted under the plans. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 

Granted 

Vested 

() 

Forfeited 

() 

Non-vested at December 31, 2022 

The fair value of RSUs is based on the market price of the Company's common stock on the date of grant. RSUs generally vest annually over a period from the date of grant. Upon vesting, the RSUs are net share settled to cover the required withholding tax with the remaining shares issued to the holder. The Company recognizes compensation expense for such awards ratably over the corresponding vesting period. As of December 31, 2022, there was approximately million of total unrecognized compensation cost related to unvested RSU share-based compensation. That cost is expected to be recognized over a weighted-average period of years. 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan In February 2014, the Company s board of directors adopted the 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 2014 ESPP ), which was subsequently ratified by the Company s stockholders and became effective on May 2, 2014. The purpose of the 2014 ESPP is to provide means by which eligible employees of the Company and of certain designated related corporations may be given an opportunity to purchase shares of the Company s common stock, and to seek and retain services of new and existing employees and to provide incentives for such persons to exert maximum efforts for the success of the Company. Common stock that may be issued under the 2014 ESPP will not exceed shares, plus the number of shares of common stock that are automatically added on January 1st of each year for a period of , commencing on January 1, 2015 and ending on January 1, 2024, in an amount equal to the lesser of (i) of the total number of shares of outstanding common stock on December 31 of the preceding calendar year, and (ii) shares of common stock. Similar to the 2014 Plan, the board of directors may act prior to January 1st of a given year to provide that there will be increase in the share reserve or that the increase will be a lesser number of shares than would otherwise occur. The 2014 ESPP is intended to qualify as an employee stock purchase plan within the meaning of Section 423 of the Internal Revenue Code. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company issued and shares of common stock under the 2014 ESPP, respectively. During the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the number of shares of common stock available for issuance under the ESPP was automatically increased by shares. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, there were and shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2014 ESPP, respectively. Compensation Cost The compensation cost that has been charged against income for stock awards under the 2009 Stock Option Plan, the 2014 Plan, the 2015 Plan, and the 2014 ESPP was million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, during the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized million in stock based compensation associated with the Danforth warrant. The total income tax benefit recognized in the consolidated statements of operations for share-based compensation arrangements was for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Cash received from options exercised was for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Selling, general and administrative 

Total stock-based compensation expense 

Restricted cash 

Money market funds 

Total assets 

Warrant liabilities 

Derivative liability 

Total liabilities 

December 31, 2021 

Cash 

Restricted cash 

Money market funds 

Total assets 

Warrant liabilities 

Derivative liability 

Total liabilities 

The Company measures cash equivalents at fair value on a recurring basis. The fair value of cash equivalents is determined based on Level 1 inputs, which consist of quoted prices in active markets for identical assets. Level 3 financial liabilities consist of the warrant liabilities for which there is no current market such that the determination of fair value requires significant judgment or estimation. Changes in fair value measurements categorized within Level 3 of the fair value hierarchy are analyzed each period based on changes in estimates or assumptions and recorded as appropriate. The Company uses the Black-Scholes option valuation model to value the Level 3 warrant liabilities at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. This model incorporates transaction details such as the Company s stock price, contractual terms, maturity, risk free rates, as well as volatility. The unobservable input for all of the Level 3 warrant liabilities includes volatility. The historical and implied volatility of the Company, using its closing common stock prices and market data, is utilized to reflect future volatility over the expected term of the warrants. At December 31, 2022, the range and weighted average of the Level 3 volatilities utilized in the Black-Scholes model to fair value the warrant liabilities were to and , respectively. The Company utilizes a probability assessment to estimate the likelihood of vesting for the remaining Loan Agreement warrants and allocated the probability of occurrence percentage to the fair values calculated. The Company uses the binomial lattice valuation model to value the Level 3 derivative liabilities at inception and on subsequent valuation dates. This model incorporates transaction details such as the Company s stock price, contractual terms, dividend yield, risk-free rate, historical volatility, credit rating, market credit spread, and estimated effective yield. The unobservable inputs associated with the Level 3 derivative liability are adjusted equity volatility, market credit spread, and estimated yield. As of December 31, 2022, these inputs were , basis points, and , respectively. The senior convertible notes are initially fair valued using the binomial lattice model and with the straight debt fair value calculated using the discounted cash flow method. The discount for lack of marketability, and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is applied to the value of the March 2019 Notes. The residual difference represents the fair value of the embedded derivative liability and the fair value of the embedded derivative liabilities are reassessed using the binomial lattice valuation model on a quarterly basis. 

April 2022 Public Offering warrant issuance 

Loan Agreement warrants 

() 

Gain adjustment to fair value 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

Derivative Liabilities 

Balance January 1, 2022 

Gain adjustment to fair value 

() 

Balance December 31, 2022 

hours per week. The Company may provide a discretionary match with a maximum amount of of the first of eligible participant s compensation, which vests ratably over . Contributions under the plan were approximately million and million for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

 million. The Company is also eligible to receive potential: regulatory approval milestone payments of up to million; 

 commercial milestone payments of up to million based on first commercial sale in invasive candidiasis (U.S./EU); 

 and sales milestone payments of up to million based on annual net sales, with a total of million to be paid upon achievement of multiple thresholds up through 200 million; a total of million to be paid upon achievement of multiple thresholds between 300 million and 500 million; and million to be paid at each threshold of 750 million and 1 billion. 

 The Company will be responsible for the execution and costs of the ongoing clinical studies of ibrexafungerp but will have the potential to receive up to million in success-based development milestones, which are comprised of up to million for the achievement of three interim milestones associated with the Company's continued performance of the ongoing MARIO Study and million for the successful completion of the MARIO Study. In the case of each of the above milestones, such milestone events are defined in the License Agreement. GSK will also pay royalties based on cumulative annual sales to the Company in the mid-single digit to mid-teen range. These royalty rates are subject to reduction, including in the event of third-party licenses, entry of a generic product, or the expiration of licensed patents. A joint development committee will be established between GSK and the Company to coordinate and review ongoing development activities of ibrexafungerp. Unless earlier terminated, the License Agreement will expire on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis at the end of the royalty term for such product in such country. The Company has the right to terminate the License Agreement upon an uncured material breach by, or bankruptcy of, GSK. GSK has the right to terminate the License Agreement at any time for convenience in its entirety or on a product-by-product and country-by-country basis, upon an uncured material breach by, or bankruptcy of, the Company, or for safety reasons. The consummation of the transactions under the License Agreement is subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including the expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the Hart-Scott-Rodino Antitrust Improvements Act of 1976, as amended (the HSR Act ); provided, that either the Company or GSK may terminate the License Agreement if expiration or termination of the applicable waiting period under the HSR Act has not occurred within nine months of the signing of the License Agreement. The parties expect the transactions contemplated by the License Agreement to close in the second quarter of 2023. Loan Agreement Amendment The Company, Hercules Capital, Inc. Hercules Capital and Silicon Valley Bridge Bank, N.A. SVB are party to a Loan and Security Agreement dated as of May 13, 2021 (the Loan Agreement ), pursuant to which Hercules Capital, SVB and each of the other lenders from time-to-time party to the Loan and Security Agreement (collectively, the Lenders loaned to the Company million. In connection with the entering into of the License Agreement, the Company entered into a First Amendment and Consent to Loan and Security Agreement with the Lenders pursuant to which the Lenders consented to SCYNEXIS entering into the License Agreement and SCYNEXIS agreed to pay to the Lenders an amount equal to the sum of (i) all outstanding principal plus all accrued and unpaid interest with respect to the amounts loaned under the Loan Agreement (approximately million), (ii) the prepayment fee payable under Loan Agreement ), (iii) the final payment payable under Loan Agreement ), and (iv) all other sums, if any, that shall have become due and payable with respect to loan advances under the Loan Agreement. These payments by SCYNEXIS will become due upon the earliest of (A) one business day following receipt by SCYNEXIS of the million upfront payment payable to SCYNEXIS under the License Agreement, (B) June 1, 2023, or (C) the termination of the License Agreement. 2014 Plan and 2014 ESPP Share Issuance Pursuant to the terms of the 2014 Plan (see Note 13), on January 1, 2023, the Company automatically added shares to the total number shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2014 Plan. Pursuant to the terms of the 2014 ESPP (see Note 13), on January 1, 2023, the Company automatically added shares to the total number shares of common stock available for future issuance under the 2014 ESPP. 

93 

ITEM 9.	CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCO UNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 ITEM 9A.	CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Management s Evaluation of our Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 We maintain disclosure controls and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in the reports that we file or submit under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 is (1) recorded, processed, summarized, and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms and (2) accumulated and communicated to our management, including our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our management, with the participation of our principal executive officer and principal financial officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Our management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives, and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Our principal executive officer and principal financial officer have concluded based upon the evaluation described above that, as of December 31, 2022, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 Our management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f). Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance to our management and board of directors regarding the preparation and fair presentation of published financial statements. A control system, no matter how well designed and operated, can only provide reasonable, not absolute, assurance that the objectives of the control system are met. Because of these inherent limitations, management does not expect that our internal controls over financial reporting will prevent all error and all fraud. Under the supervision and with the participation of our management, including our Chief Executive Officer and our Chief Financial Officer, we conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013 Framework) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on our evaluation under the framework in Internal Control Integrated Framework, our management concluded that our internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, there have been no changes in our internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15(d)-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control. 
 ITEM 9B.	OTHE R INFORMATION 
 None. 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING F OREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 Not applicable. 
 
 94 

PART III 
 ITEM 10.	DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OF FICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 The information required by this Item 10 is incorporated herein by reference from our Proxy Statement, which will be filed with the SEC within 120 days after the end of our 2022 fiscal year pursuant to Regulation 14A for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Stockholders (the Proxy Statement ), under the captions Executive Officers of the Company, Proposal 1 Election of Directors, Information Regarding the Board and Its Committees, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, Delinquent Section Reports, (if required) and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics. 
 A printed copy of the Proxy Statement will be sent, without charge, to any shareholder who requests it by writing to the Chief Financial Officer of SCYNEXIS, Inc., 1 Evertrust Plaza, 13 th Floor, Jersey City, NJ 07302 - 6548. 
 ITEM 11.	EXECUT IVE COMPENSATION 
 The information required by this Item 11 is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement under the captions Executive Compensation and Director Compensation. 
 ITEM 12.	SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL O WNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this Item 12 is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement, under the captions Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Equity Compensation Plan Information. 
 ITEM 13.	CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATE D TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this Item 13 is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement, under the captions Transactions with Related Persons and Independence of the Board. 
 ITEM 14.	PRINCIPAL ACCO UNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this Item 14 is incorporated herein by reference from the Proxy Statement, under the caption Principal Accountant Fees and Services. 
 95 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15.	EXHIBITS AND FINAN CIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 Documents filed as part of this report: 
 1. List of Financial Statements 

The financial statements required by this item are listed in Item 8, Consolidated Financial Statements and Supplementary Data and incorporated by reference herein. 
 2. List of Financial Statement Schedules 

All schedules are omitted because they are not applicable, not required or the required information is shown in the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 3. Exhibits 

EXHIBIT INDEX 

Exhibit Number 
 
 Description of Document 

3.1 
 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 3.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2014, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

3.2 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of SCYNEXIS, In. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 3.2 to our Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 7, 2019, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

3.3 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of SCYNEXIS, Inc. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 3.1 to our Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on July 16, 2020, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

3.4 
 
 Certificate of Amendment of Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of SCYNEXIS, Inc. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 3.4 to our Form 10-Q, filed with SEC on November 9, 2022, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

3.5 
 
 Amended and Restated Bylaws, as amended and as currently in effect. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 3.4 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2014, SEC File No. 333-194192, and incorporated by reference here). 

4.1 
 
 Reference is made to Exhibits 3.1 through 3.4 

4.2 
 
 Description of Common Stock (Filed with SEC as Exhibit 4.2 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 29, 2022, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

4.3 
 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated April 10, 2020, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Aspire Capital Fund, LLC (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 4.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 13, 2020, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.1 
 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement between the Registrant and its directors and officers. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on March 19, 2014, SEC File No. 333-194192, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.2 
 
 SCYNEXIS, Inc. Stock Option Plan, as amended and restated. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.3 
 
 Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice, Stock Option Agreement and Notice of Stock Option Exercise under the SCYNEXIS, Inc. Stock Option Plan, as amended and restated. (Filed with the SEC as Annex B to our Proxy Statement on Schedule 14A, filed with the SEC on August 1, 2014, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.4 
 
 SCYNEXIS, Inc. 2009 Stock Option Plan, as amended and restated. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020, SEC File No. 333-194192, and incorporated by reference here). 

96 

10.5 
 
 Forms of Stock Option Grant Notice, Stock Option Agreement and Notice of Stock Option Exercise under the SCYNEXIS, Inc. 2009 Stock Option Plan, as amended and restated. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.3 to our Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on March 19, 2014, SEC File No. 333-194192, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.6 
 
 SCYNEXIS, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan, as amended and restated, (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.7 
 
 SCYNEXIS, Inc. 2014 Employee Stock Purchase Plan, as amended and restated. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.4 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 10, 2020, SEC File No. 333-196007, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.8 
 
 Form of Stock Option Agreement and Form of Stock Option Grant Notice under the SCYNEXIS, Inc. 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 99.3 to our Registration Statement on Form S-8, filed with the SEC on May 16, 2014, SEC File No. 333-196007, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.9# 
 
 Development, License and Supply Agreement, dated August 1, 2013, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and R-Pharm, CJSC. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.10 to our Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on March 19, 2014, SEC File No. 333-194192, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.10# 
 
 Termination and License Agreement, dated May 24, 2013, between SCYNEXIS. Inc. and Merck Sharp Dohme Corp. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.12 to our Amendment No. 1 to Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on March 19, 2014, SEC File No. 333-194192, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.11 
 
 SCYNEXIS, Inc. Amended and Restated 2015 Inducement Award Plan, as amended and restated. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2022, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.12 
 
 Form of Stock Option Grant Notice and Stock Option Agreement under the SCYNEXIS, Inc. 2015 Inducement Award Plan. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.34 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on April 9, 2015, SEC File No. 333-203314, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.13 
 
 Employment Agreement, effective June 1, 2015, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and David Angulo (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.24 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 7, 2016, SEC file No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.14 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated February 5, 2015, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Dr. Marco Taglietti. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.27 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2015, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.15 
 
 Patent Assignment, dated January 28, 2014, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Merck Sharpe Dohme Corp. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.28 to our Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed with the SEC on February 27, 2014, SEC File No. 333-194192, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.16# 
 
 Exclusive License Agreement, dated October 29, 2014, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Waterstone Pharmaceutical (HK Limited). (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.32 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 30 2015, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.17# 
 
 Amendment to Termination and License Agreement, dated December 11, 2014, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Merck Sharp Dohme Corp. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.33 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 30, 2015, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.18# 
 
 Second Amendment to License Agreement between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Merck Sharp Dohme Corp. dated December 21, 2016 (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.30 to our Annual Report on Form 10-K, filed with the SEC on March 13, 2019, SEC file No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.19 
 
 Amendment of Employment Agreement, effective April 18, 2016, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Marco Taglietti. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 9, 2016, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.20 
 
 Amendment of Employment Agreement, effective April 18, 2016, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and David Angulo. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 9, 2016, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

97 

10.21 
 
 Amendment to the Development, License and Supply Agreement, dated August 1 st , 2013, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and R-Pharm, CJSC (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 11, 2019, SEC file No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.22 
 
 Additional Agreement No. 2 to the Development, License and Supply Agreement, dated August 1 st , 2013, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and R-Pharm, CJSC (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.2 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 11, 2019, SEC file No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.23 
 
 Additional Agreement No. 3 to the Development, License and Supply Agreement, dated August 1 st , 2013, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and R-Pharm, CJSC (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.3 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 11, 2019, SEC file No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.24 
 
 Third Amendment to Termination and License Agreement between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Merck Sharp Dohme Corp. dated January 5, 2018 (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 8, 2019, SEC file No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.25 
 
 Non-Employee Director Compensation Policy (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 15, 2022, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.26 
 
 Senior Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of March 7, 2019, among SCYNEXIS, Inc., as Issuer, Puissance Capital Management, as the Investor (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our current report on Form 8-K filed with the SEC on March 8, 2019, SEC File No 001-36365 and incorporated by reference here). 

10.27 
 
 Common Stock Purchase Agreement, dated April 10, 2020, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Aspire Capital Fund, LLC (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 13, 2020, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.28 
 
 Senior Convertible Note Purchase Agreement, dated as of April 9, 2020, among SCYNEXIS, Inc., as Issuer, Puissance Life Science Opportunities Fund IV, as the Investor, (including the form of Note attached thereto as Exhibit A). (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on April 9, 2020, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.29 
 
 Fourth Amendment to Termination and License Agreement between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Merck Sharp Dohme Corp. dated December 2, 2020. 

10.30# 
 
 Exclusive License and Collaboration Agreement, made as of February 11, 2021, by and between SCYNEXIS, Inc., Hansoh (Shanghai) Health Technology Co., Ltd. and Jiangsu Hansoh Pharmaceutical Group Company Limited (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.31# 
 
 Master Services Agreement, effective as of February 4, 2021, by and between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Amplity, Inc. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 17, 2021, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.32 
 
 Loan and Security Agreement, dated May 13, 2021, among the Company, Hercules Capital Inc., and Silicon Valley Bank (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on August 16, 2021, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.33# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Award Grant Notice and Restricted Stock Award Agreement under the Amended and Restated 2015 Inducement Award Plan.(Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.2 to our Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on November 9, 2022, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.34# 
 
 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Grant Notice and Award Agreement under the 2014 Equity Incentive Plan (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on February 8, 2022, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.35 
 
 Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated May 17, 2021, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Cantor Fitzgerald Co. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 1.1 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 18, 2021, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.36 
 
 Controlled Equity Offering SM Sales Agreement, dated May 17, 2021, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Ladenburg Thalmann Co. Inc. (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 1.2 to our Current Report on Form 8-K, filed with the SEC on May 18, 2021, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

98 

10.37 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated May 10, 2021, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Christine Coyne (Filed with the SEC as Exhibit 10.1 to our Annual Report on Form 10-Q, filed with the SEC on May 12, 2022, SEC File No. 001-36365, and incorporated by reference here). 

10.38 
 
 Separation Agreement, dated October 20, 2022, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Marco Taglietti. 

10.39 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated January 1, 2023, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and David Angulo. 

10.40 
 
 Employment Agreement, dated October 24, 2022, between SCYNEXIS, Inc. and Ivor Macleod . 

23.1 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 

24.1 
 
 Power of Attorney (see Signature page). 

31.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

31.2 
 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13(a)-14(a)/15d-14(a) 

32.1 
 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 
 XBRL Instance Document 

101.SCH 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Schema Linkbase Document 

101.CAL 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Labels Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 
 XBRL Taxonomy Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101). 

# Portions of this exhibit have been omitted (a) pursuant to a request for confidential treatment, which portions were omitted and filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission or (b) because it is both (i) not material and (ii) is the type of information that SCYNEXIS, Inc. treats as private or confidential. 
 Designates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 
 Filed herewith. 
 Furnished herewith. 
 ITEM 16. 	 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 None. 
 99 

SIGNAT URES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SCYNEXIS, INC. 

By: 
 
 /s/ David Angulo, M.D. 

David Angulo, M.D. 

Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer) 

Date: 
 
 March 29, 2023 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 KNOW ALL PERSONS BY THESE PRESENTS, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints David Angulo, M.D. and Scott Sukenick, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in-fact and agent, with full power of substitution for him or her, and in his or her name in any and all capacities, to sign any and all amendments to this Annual Report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with exhibits thereto and other documents in connection therewith, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorney-in-fact and agent, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done therewith, as fully to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby ratifying and confirming all that said attorney-in-fact and agent, and any of them or his or her substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Signature 
 
 Title 
 
 Date 

/s/ David Angulo, M.D. 
 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 
 March 29, 2023 

David Angulo, M.D. 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/ Ivor Macleod 
 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Ivor Macleod 
 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

/s/ Guy Macdonald 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

Guy Macdonald 

/s/ David Hastings 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

David Hastings 

/s/ Steven C. Gilman, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Steven C. Gilman, Ph.D. 

/s/ Ann F. Hanham, Ph.D. 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

Ann F. Hanham, Ph.D. 

/s/ Armando Anido 
 
 Director 
 
 March 30, 2023 

Armando Anido 

/s/ Brian Philippe Tinmouth 
 
 Director 
 
 March 29, 2023 

Brian Philippe Tinmouth 

100 

<EX-10>
 2
 scyx-ex10_38.htm
 EX-10.38

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.38 
 October 20 th , 2022 
 
 Dr. Marco Taglietti 
 
 Dear Marco: 
 This letter sets forth the substance of the separation agreement (the Agreement that SCYNEXIS, Inc. (the Company is offering to you. 
 
 1. Separation . Your last day of work with the Company and your employment termination date will be December 31, 2022 (the Separation Date ). 

2. Accrued Salary and Paid Time Off . By the date required by applicable law, the Company will pay you all accrued salary and all accrued and unused vacation earned through the Separation Date, subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings. You are entitled to this payment by law. 

3. Separation Benefits. Although the Company has no obligation to do so, if you timely sign this Agreement, allow it to become effective, and comply with your obligations under it (collectively, the Separation Preconditions ), then: 

i. Separation Payment . The Company will pay you a lump sum total of 602,500.00 , subject to standard payroll deductions and withholdings, which is equivalent to twelve (12) months of your base salary rate as of the Separation Date (consistent with, but not required under, your Employment Agreement with the Company that you signed on February 5, 2015 Employment Agreement )). This amount will be paid within ten (10) business days after the Effective Date (as defined in the ADEA Release Section below). 

ii. Annual Bonus . At the time of determination of Annual Bonuses (as defined in the Employment Agreement) first following the Separation Date, you will be considered for an Annual Bonus. 

iii. Stock Option and Restricted Stock Unit Acceleration . Effective as of immediately prior to the Separation Date, the Company agrees to accelerate the vesting of your stock options and restricted stock units such that you will be considered to have vested in such stock options and restricted stock unites through, and no later than, December 31, 2023. 

iv. Option Exercise Period . Effective as of immediately prior to the Separation Date, the Company agrees to extend the period of time for you to exercise any shares subject to your vested options in Company stock until the earlier of (i) the expiration date of the applicable stock option, or (ii) the four-year anniversary of the Separation Date. Such stock options shall otherwise continue to be governed by the terms of the applicable Company Equity Incentive Plan. If you accept this Agreement, you acknowledge and agree that your stock option(s) have/has been modified by the provisions of this Agreement and that, as a result of the tax rules applicable to incentive stock options, the option(s) that was/were intended to qualify as an incentive stock option may hereafter be treated as a nonstatutory stock option, and you acknowledge that you must satisfy all applicable tax withholding obligations upon exercise of such stock option(s). You acknowledge that you have been advised to seek independent tax advice of the consequences of such modification. 

v. You acknowledge that without this Agreement, you are otherwise not entitled to the consideration listed in this Section 3. You further acknowledge and agree that the payments set forth above fully satisfy any requirement of the Company, whether by written or unwritten contract, policy, or agreement, to pay you severance or other separation pay, including, but not unlimited to, under the Employment Agreement. 

4. Health Insurance Unless you follow the procedures set forth in this paragraph, your participation in the Company s group health insurance plan will end on December 31, 2022 . To the extent provided by the federal COBRA law or, if applicable, state insurance laws, and by the Company s current group health insurance policies, you will be eligible to continue your group health insurance benefits at your own expense following the Separation Date. Later, you may be able to convert to an individual policy through the provider of the Company s health insurance, if you wish. You will be provided with a separate notice describing your rights and obligations under COBRA and a form for electing COBRA coverage. As an additional separation benefit under this Agreement, provided that you satisfy the Separation Preconditions set forth above and timely elect continued coverage under COBRA, then the Company shall reimburse you for the COBRA premiums to continue your health insurance coverage (including coverage for eligible dependents, if applicable) for the date that is the sooner of: (i) 12 months after the Separation Date; (ii) the date you become eligible for group health insurance coverage through a new employer; or (iii) the date you cease to be eligible for COBRA coverage for any reason. You must timely pay your premiums, and then provide documentation to the Company to obtain reimbursement for your COBRA premiums under this Section. In the event you become covered under another employer s group health plan or otherwise cease to be eligible for COBRA, you must immediately notify the Company in writing. 

5. Equity. Under the terms of your Option Agreements, Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreements, and the applicable plan documents, vesting of your stock options and/or restricted stock units (if any) will cease as of the Separation Date. (For the sake of clarity, the vesting acceleration for stock options and restricted stock units addressed in Section 3(iii) occurs immediately prior to the Separation Date.) You understand and agree that you shall forfeit as of the Separation Date any unvested common stock, stock options, or other equity interest in the Company. Your right to exercise any vested shares subject to a stock option (if any), and all other rights and obligations with respect to your stock option(s), will be as set forth in your Option Agreement, grant notice, and applicable plan documents, and as modified by this Agreement. Your rights and obligations with respect to your restricted stock units (if any) will be as set forth in your Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement, grant notice, and applicable plan documents. 

6. Other Compensation or Benefits. You acknowledge that, except as expressly provided in this Agreement, you have not earned and will not receive from the Company any additional compensation (including base salary, bonus, incentive compensation, or equity), severance, or benefits before or after the Separation Date, with the exception of any vested right you may have under the express terms of a written ERISA-qualified benefit plan (e.g., 401(k) account) or any vested stock options. 

7. Expense Reimbursements. You agree that, within thirty (30) days after the Separation Date, you will submit your final documented expense reimbursement statement reflecting all business expenses you incurred through the Separation Date, if any, for which you seek reimbursement. The Company will reimburse you for eligible expenses pursuant to its regular business practice. 

8. Return of Company Property . You agree that, by the Separation Date, you will return to the Company all Company documents (and all copies thereof) and other Company property in your possession or control, including, but not limited to, Company files, notes, drawings, records, plans, forecasts, reports, studies, analyses, proposals, agreements, drafts, financial and operational information, research and development information, sales and marketing information, customer lists, prospect information, pipeline reports, sales reports, personnel information, specifications, code, software, databases, computer-recorded information, tangible property and equipment (including, but not limited to, computing and electronic devices, mobile telephones, servers), credit cards, entry cards, identification badges and keys; and any materials of any kind which contain or embody any proprietary or confidential information of the Company (and all reproductions or embodiments thereof in whole or in part). You agree that you will make a diligent search to locate any such documents, property and information by the close of business on the Separation Date or as soon as possible thereafter. If you have used any personally owned computer or other electronic device, server, or e-mail system to receive, store, review, prepare or transmit any Company confidential or proprietary data, materials or information, by the Separation Date, you shall provide the Company 

with a computer-useable copy of such information and then permanently delete and expunge such Company confidential or proprietary information from those systems; and you agree to provide the Company access to your system as requested to verify that the necessary copying and/or deletion is completed. Your timely compliance with this paragraph is a condition to your receipt of the separation benefits provided under this Agreement. 

9. Proprietary Information Obligations . You acknowledge and reaffirm your continuing obligations under the Confidentiality, Inventions and Non-Competition Agreement between you and the Company (the Confidentiality Agreement ). 

10. Confidentiality . The provisions of this Agreement will be held in strictest confidence by you and will not be publicized or disclosed by you in any manner whatsoever; provided, however, that: (a) you may disclose this Agreement in confidence to your immediate family and to your attorneys, accountants, tax preparers and financial advisors; and (b) you may disclose this Agreement insofar as such disclosure may be necessary to enforce its terms or as otherwise required by law. In particular, and without limitation, you agree not to disclose the terms of this Agreement to any current or former Company employee or independent contractor. 

11. Non-disparagement. You agree not to disparage the Company, its officers, directors, employees, shareholders, parents, subsidiaries, affiliates, and agents, in any manner likely to be harmful to its or their business, business reputation, or personal reputation; provided that you may respond accurately and fully to any request for information if required by legal process or in connection with a government investigation. In addition, nothing in this provision or this Agreement is intended to prohibit or restrain you in any manner from making disclosures protected under the whistleblower provisions of federal or state law or regulation or other applicable law or regulation. You agree to revise and update publicly available information, including professional and social networking websites such as LinkedIn and Facebook, within one (1) week after the Separation Date to remove any indication that you are employed by the Company. 

12. References. In response to any reference request from a prospective employer, the Company will only confirm your dates of employment and position. 

13. No Voluntary Adverse Action. You agree that you will not voluntarily (except in response to legal compulsion or as permitted under the Protected Rights section below) assist any person in bringing or pursuing any proposed or pending litigation, arbitration, administrative claim or other formal proceeding against the Company, its parent or subsidiary entities, affiliates, officers, directors, employees or agents. 

14. Cooperation. You agree to cooperate fully with the Company in connection with its actual or contemplated defense, prosecution, or investigation of any claims or demands by or against third parties, or other matters arising from events, acts, or failures to act that occurred during the period of your employment by the Company. Such cooperation includes, without limitation, making yourself available to the Company upon reasonable notice, without subpoena, to provide complete, truthful and accurate information in witness interviews, depositions, and trial testimony. The Company will reimburse you for reasonable out-of-pocket expenses you incur in connection with any such cooperation (excluding foregone wages) and will make reasonable efforts to accommodate your scheduling needs. 

15. No Admissions. You understand and agree that the promises and payments in consideration of this Agreement shall not be construed to be an admission of any liability or obligation by the Company to you or to any other person, and that the Company makes no such admission. 

16. Release of Claims . In exchange for the consideration provided to you under this Agreement to which you would not otherwise be entitled, you hereby generally and completely release the Company, and its affiliated, related, parent and subsidiary entities, and its and their current and former directors, officers, employees, shareholders, partners, agents, investors, administrators, attorneys, benefit plans, plan administrators, professional employer organization or co-employer, trustees, divisions, predecessors, successors, insurers, affiliates, 

and assigns (collectively, the Releasees from any and all claims, liabilities, demands, causes of action, and obligations, both known and unknown, arising from or in any way related to events, acts, conduct, or omissions occurring at any time prior to and including the date you sign this Agreement. This general release includes, but is not limited to: (a) all claims arising from or in any way related to your employment with the Company or the termination of that employment; (b) all claims related to your compensation or benefits from the Company, including salary, bonuses, commissions, vacation pay, expense reimbursements, severance pay, fringe benefits, stock, stock options, or any other ownership, equity, or profits interests in the Company; (c) all claims for breach of contract, wrongful termination, and breach of the implied covenant of good faith and fair dealing; (d) all tort claims, including claims for fraud, defamation, emotional distress, and discharge in violation of public policy; and (e) all federal, state, and local statutory claims, including claims for discrimination, harassment, retaliation, attorneys fees, or other claims arising under the federal Civil Rights Act of 1964, as amended; the federal Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990; the Age Discrimination in Employment Act ADEA ); New Jersey Law Against Discrimination, N.J. Stat. Ann. 10:5-1 to 10:5-49; New Jersey Equal Pay Act, N.J. Stat. Ann. 34:11-56.1 to 34:11-56.14.; New Jersey Conscientious Employee Protection Act, N.J. Stat. Ann. 34:19-1 to 34:19-14; New Jersey Civil Rights Act, N.J. Stat. Ann. 10:6-1 to 10:6-2; New Jersey Family Leave Act, N.J. Stat. Ann. 34:11B-1 to 34:11B-16; New Jersey Wage and Hour Law, N.J. Stat. Ann. 34:11-56a to 34:11-4:14.; Plant Closing, Transfers, Mass Layoffs, N.J. Stat. Ann. 34:21-1 to 34:21-7; New Jersey Public Employees Retirement System Law, N.J. Stat. 43:15A-6 to 43:15A-82; New Jersey Wage Withholding Protection Law, N.J. Stat. Ann. 2A:17-56 et seq.; New Jersey Jury Duty Protection Law, N.J. Stat. Ann. 2B:20-1 to 2B:20-18; New Jersey Military Leave Protection Law, N.J. Stat. Ann. 38:23C-1 to 38:23C-26; New Jersey E-mail and Social Media Privacy Law, N.J. Stat. Ann. 18A:3-32.; New Jersey Wiretapping and Electronic Surveillance Control Act, N.J. Stat. Ann. 2A:156A-1 to 2A:156A-37; New Jersey Workers' Compensation Law's anti-retaliation provisions, N.J. Stat. Ann. 34:15-39.1 to 34:15-39.3. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, you are not releasing the Releasees hereby from: (i) any obligation to indemnify you pursuant to the Articles and Bylaws of the Company or any of the other Releasees, any valid fully executed indemnification agreement with the Company or any of the other Releasees, applicable law, or applicable directors and officers liability insurance; (ii) any claims that cannot be waived by law; or (iii) any claims for breach of this Agreement. 
 
 17. ADEA Release. You understand and acknowledge that you are waiving and releasing any rights you may have under the ADEA and that this waiver and release is knowing and voluntary. You understand and agree that this waiver and release does not apply to any rights or claims that may arise under the ADEA after the Effective Date of this Agreement. You understand and acknowledge that the consideration given for this waiver and release is in addition to anything of value to which you were already entitled. You further understand and acknowledge that you have been advised by this writing that: (a) you should consult with an attorney prior to executing this Agreement; (b) you have forty-five (45) days within which to consider this Agreement; (c) you have seven (7) days following your execution of this Agreement to revoke this Agreement; 

(d) this Agreement shall not be effective until after the revocation period has expired; and (e) nothing in this Agreement prevents or precludes you from challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of this waiver under the ADEA, nor does it impose any condition precedent, penalties, or costs for doing so, unless specifically authorized by federal law. In the event you sign this Agreement and returns it to the Company in less than the 45-day period identified above, you hereby acknowledge that you have freely and voluntarily chosen to waive the time period allotted for considering this Agreement. You acknowledge and understand that revocation must be accomplished by a written notification to the undersigned Company representative that is received by you prior to the Effective Date. The parties agree that changes to this Agreement, whether material or immaterial, do not restart the running of the 45-day consideration period referenced above. You understand that this Agreement shall be null and void if not executed by you within forty-five (45) days. Each party has seven (7) days after that party signs this Agreement to revoke it. This Agreement will become effective on the eighth (8th) day after you signed this Agreement, so long as it has been signed by the parties and has not been revoked by either party before that date (the Effective Date ). 

18. Protected Rights. You understand that nothing in this Agreement limits your ability to file a charge or complaint with the Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, the Department of Labor, the National Labor Relations Board, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, the Securities and Exchange Commission, or any other federal, state, or local governmental agency or commission Government Agencies ). You further understand this Agreement does not limit your ability to communicate with any Government Agencies or otherwise participate in any investigation or proceeding that may be conducted by any Government Agency, including providing documents or other information, without notice to the Company. While this Agreement does not limit your right to receive an award for information provided to the Securities and Exchange Commission, you understand and agree that, to maximum extent permitted by law, you are otherwise waiving any and all rights you may have to individual relief based on any claims that you have released and any rights you have waived by signing this Agreement. Nothing in this Agreement prevents you from discussing or disclosing information about unlawful acts in the workplace, such as harassment or discrimination or any other conduct that you have reason to believe is unlawful. 

19. Breach; Attorneys Fees . You acknowledge and agree that any material breach of this Agreement, unless such breach constitutes a legal action by you challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the waiver herein under the ADEA, or its exhibits shall entitle the Company immediately to recover and/or cease providing the consideration provided to you under this Agreement and to obtain damages and injunctive relief, except as provided by law, provided , however , that the Company shall not recover Fifty Dollars 50.00) of the consideration already paid pursuant to this Agreement and such amount shall serve as full and complete consideration for the promises and obligations assumed by you under this Agreement and its exhibits. In addition, except with regard to a legal action challenging or seeking a determination in good faith of the validity of the waiver herein under the ADEA, in the event that either party brings an action to enforce or effect its rights under this Agreement, the prevailing party shall be entitled to recover its costs and expenses, including the costs of mediation, arbitration, litigation, court fees, and reasonable attorneys fees incurred in connection with such an action. 

20. Representations. You hereby represent that you have: been paid all compensation owed and for all hours worked; received all leave and leave benefits and protections for which you are eligible pursuant to the Family and Medical Leave Act or otherwise; and not suffered any on-the-job injury for which you have not already filed a workers compensation claim. 

21. Dispute Resolution. You and the Company agree that any and all disputes, claims, or controversies of any nature whatsoever arising from, or relating to, this Agreement or its interpretation, enforcement, breach, performance or execution, your employment or the termination of such employment (including, but not limited to, any statutory claims) (collectively, Claims , each a Claim ), shall be resolved, pursuant to the Federal Arbitration Act, 9 U.S.C. 1-16, and to the fullest extent permitted by law, by final, binding and confidential arbitration in the state in which you primarily worked for the Company (the Work Location (or another mutually acceptable location) conducted before a single neutral arbitrator by JAMS, Inc. JAMS or its successor, under the then applicable JAMS Arbitration Rules and Procedures for Employment Disputes (available at http://www.jamsadr.com/rules-employment-arbitration/ ). By agreeing to this arbitration procedure, both you and the Company waive the right to have any Claim resolved through a trial by jury or judge or an administrative proceeding. You will have the right to be represented by legal counsel at any arbitration proceeding, at your own expense. This paragraph shall not apply to any action or claim that cannot be subject to mandatory arbitration as a matter of law, including, without limitation, claims brought pursuant to the California Private Attorneys General Act of 2004, as amended, to the extent such claims are not permitted by applicable law to be submitted to mandatory arbitration and the applicable law(s) are not preempted by the Federal Arbitration Act or otherwise invalid (collectively, the Excluded Claims ). In the event you intend to bring multiple claims, including one of the Excluded Claims listed above, the Excluded Claims may be publicly filed with a court, while any other claims will remain subject to mandatory arbitration. The arbitrator shall have sole authority for determining if a Claim is subject to arbitration, and any other procedural questions related to the dispute and bearing on the final disposition. In addition, the arbitrator shall: (a) have the authority to compel adequate discovery for the resolution of the dispute and to award such relief as would otherwise be available under applicable law in a court proceeding; 

and (b) issue a written statement signed by the arbitrator regarding the disposition of each claim and the relief, if any, awarded as to each claim, the reasons for the award, and the arbitrator s essential findings and conclusions on which the award is based. You and the Company shall equally share all JAMS arbitration fees. To the extent JAMS does not collect or you otherwise do not pay to JAMS an equal share of all JAMS arbitration fees for any reason, and the Company pays JAMS your share, you acknowledge and agree that the Company shall be entitled to recover from you half of the JAMS arbitration fees invoiced to the parties (less any amounts you paid to JAMS) in a federal or state court of competent jurisdiction. Nothing in this letter agreement is intended to prevent either you or the Company from obtaining injunctive relief in court to prevent irreparable harm pending the conclusion of any such arbitration. Any awards or orders in such arbitrations may be entered and enforced as judgments in the federal and state courts of any competent jurisdiction. 

22. Miscellaneous. This Agreement, including all exhibits and the Confidentiality Agreement, constitutes the complete, final and exclusive embodiment of the entire agreement between you and the Company with regard to its subject matter. It is entered into without reliance on any promise or representation, written or oral, other than those expressly contained herein, and it supersedes any other such promises, warranties or representations, including the Employment Agreement. This Agreement may not be modified or amended except in a writing signed by both you and a duly authorized officer of the Company. This Agreement will bind the heirs, personal representatives, successors and assigns of both you and the Company, and inure to the benefit of both you and the Company, their heirs, successors and assigns. If any provision of this Agreement is determined to be invalid or unenforceable, in whole or in part, this determination will not affect any other provision of this Agreement and the provision in question will be modified by the court so as to be rendered enforceable to the fullest extent permitted by law, consistent with the intent of the parties. This Agreement will be deemed to have been entered into and will be construed and enforced in accordance with the laws of your Work Location without regard to conflict of laws principles. Any ambiguity in this Agreement shall not be construed against either party as the drafter. Any waiver of a breach of this Agreement shall be in writing and shall not be deemed to be a waiver of any successive breach. This Agreement may be executed in counterparts and electronic or facsimile signatures will suffice as original signatures. 

If this Agreement is acceptable to you, please sign below and return the original to me. You have forty-five (45) calendar days to decide whether to accept this Agreement, and the Company s offer contained herein will automatically expire if you do not sign and return it within that timeframe. 
 
 We wish you the best in your future endeavors. Sincerely, 

By: 
 /s/ Scott Sukenick 

Scott Sukenick 

General Counsel 

I have read, understand and agree fully to the foregoing Agreement: 
 
 /s/ Marco Taglietti 
 Marco Taglietti 
 October 20th, 2022 
 Date 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 3
 scyx-ex10_39.htm
 EX-10.39

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.39 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 

THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement , effecti v e a s o f January 1, 2023 (the Effective Date , i s b y and between SCYNEXIS, Inc. , a Delaware corporation Employer or Company and David Angulo Gonzalez, MD Employee . 
 RECITALS : 
 
 WHEREAS , Emplo y er con s ider s the a v ailabilit y of Emplo y ee ' s s ervice s to be important to the mana g ement and conduct of Emplo y er ' s bu s ine ss and de s ire s to s ecure the continued availabilit y of Emplo y ee ' s s ervice s and contract with Employee on terms herein contained; and 
 WHEREAS , Emplo y ee i s willin g to make his s ervice s available to Emplo y er on the term s and s ubject to the condition s s et forth herein ; 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in con s ideration of the mutual covenant s contained herein , the partie s hereto a g ree a s follow s : 
 1. Employment . For the Term (a s defined in Section 2) , Emplo y ee s hall be emplo y ed a s President and Chief Executive Officer of Employer (the Po s ition ), which is the senior most executive position of Emplo y er. All other officers will report to Employee. Emplo y ee hereb y accept s and a g ree s to s uch emplo y ment, subject to the general supervision of the Board of Directors of Employer (the Board . Emplo y ee s hall perform s uch dutie s and s hall ha v e s uch power s , authorit y and re s pon s ibilitie s a s are cu s tomar y for one h o ldin g the Po s ition in a bu s ine ss s imilar to Emplo y er and s hall additionall y render s uch other s ervice s and dutie s a s ma y be rea s onabl y a ss i g ned to Emplo y ee from time to time b y the Board. During the Term, Employee shall also serve as a Director of Employer, subject to any required shareholder approval. The principal office of Employer, where Employee will be located, is currently in Jersey City, New Jersey. Employer acknowledges that Employee s place of residence is in Florida. 

2. Term of Employment. Th e Term of this A g reement s hall commence on January 1, 2023 and continue until terminated a s pro v ided in Section 5 or Section 6 s uch period , the Term . Emplo y ee under s tands , acknowled g e s and a g ree s that, except as herein provided, thi s A g reement doe s not create an o bli g ation for the Emplo y er or an y other per s on to continue Emplo y ee 's emplo y ment and either the Emplo y er or the Emplo y ee ma y terminate Emplo y ee ' s emplo y ment at an y time , with or without Ju s t Cau s e (a s defined herein s ubject to an y notice provi s ion s s et forth in thi s A g reement. 

1 
 
 3. Compensation. 

(a) For all s er v ice s rendered b y Emplo y ee to Emplo y er under thi s A g reement , Emplo y er s hall pa y to Emplo y ee , durin g the Term , a ba s e annual s alar y of not le ss than 565,000 pa y able in arrear s in accordance with the cu s tomar y pa y r o ll practice s of Emplo y er. 

Durin g the Term , Emplo y ee ' s annual ba s e s alar y s hall be reviewed and s ubject to increa s e based upon the individual performance of Employee and the overall performance of the Company, in accord a nce with Emplo y er 's s tandard policie s and procedure s . 
 
 (b) Emplo y ee s hall be eli g ible to earn a discretionary annual performance bonu s durin g the term of up to fifty-five percent (55 of Emplo y ee 's annu a l ba s e sa lar y, or such higher amount as determined by the Board (or a compensation committee thereof), less payroll deductions and withholdings (the Annual Bonus . The amount of the bonus paid s hall be based upon the Board s assessment of the Employee s performance and the Company s achievement of performance objectives as determined by the Board (or a compensation committee thereof), including the attainment of targeted goals by the Employee and/or the Company in such calendar year, which will be set by the Board in its discretion. The Annual Bonus is not guaranteed. Following the close of each calendar year (and the completion of the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and filing of the Company s 10-K for such calendar year if the Board so elects), the Board will determine in its discretion the amount of the Annual Bonus the Employee is entitled to receive, if any, based on the Board s assessment of the Employee s performance and the Company s performance in such calendar year. The Annual Bonus shall be deemed earned and due on the date that it is determined by the Board. Any Annual Bonus the Employee is entitled to receive shall be paid to the Employee in accordance with the Company s standard practice no later than thirty (30) days following the completion of the audit of the Company s financial statements and filing of the Company s 10-K for the applicable calendar year. 

(c) Equity Awards: 

(i) On the Effective Date, the Company will grant to the Employee the following: 

1) Options to purchase 165,000 shares of the Company s common stock under Employer s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. The exercise price per share will be equal to the per share closing sales price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant as reported on the principal stock exchange or market on which the common stock is listed. So long as Employee remains employed by the company, the vesting schedule will be on an equal monthly basis (1/48 th each month) over 48 months. 

2) 110,000 Restricted Stock Units RSUs under Employer s 2014 Equity Incentive Plan. So long as Employee remains employed by the Company, the RSUs will vest over a three-year period, and will be 

2 
 
 delivered to Employee on a yearly basis. One-third of the total RSU grant will vest on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of the Effective Date. Employee is required to pay applicable withholding and employment taxes when Employee s RSUs vest. The Company will reduce the number of shares to be issued to Employee on the issuance date by an aggregate number of shares having a value equal to the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. RSUs will be subject to an Award Agreement containing terms and conditions determined by a compensation committee of the Company. 

(ii) The above equity awards will be in lieu of any other annual equity award for 2023. For the sake of clarity, Employee will not receive an additional equity award in the typical late-January/early-February annual grant cycle. 

(iii) Further equity awards may be granted by the Board (or a committee thereof), in its discretion, based on the Employee s and the Company s performance. 

(d) Employee shall be eligible to participate in any stock, stock option, retirement, or other compensation plans which are offered by the Company to its executives. 

(e) All amount s payable hereunder shall be subject to such deductions and withholdings as shall be required by law , if any. 

(f) Employee shall be entitled to holidays and other paid time off and to participate in those life , health or other insurance plans and other employee pension and welfare benefit programs , plans , practices and benefits generally made available from time to time to all employees of Employer ; provided that nothing herein shall obligate Employer to continue any of such benefits for Employee if discontinued for other employees. Without limiting the foregoing , Employee shall be entitled to paid vacation during each fiscal year of the Term of 20 days, prorated for any partial fiscal year. 

4. Reimbursement of Expenses. 

Employer shall pay or reimburse Employee for all reasonable travel and other reasonable business expenses incurred by Employee in performing Employee's obligations under this Agreement and also for any dues and costs of appropriate professional organizations and continuing professional education , subject to such reasonable documentation and substantiation as Employer shall require. For the sake of clarity, such expenses will include Employee s travel and accommodation expenses associated with Employee s travel from his home in Florida to and from Employer s office in New Jersey. Such reimbursements shall be paid promptly , but in no event later than thirty (30) days after submission of the appropriate request for reimbursement by Employee. 
 
 3 

5. Disability. To the extent permitted by law , the following provisions shall apply. Upon the disability of Employee , this Agreement may be terminated by action of the Board upon 30 days prior written notice (the Disability Notice , such termination to become effective only if such disability continues after the thirty (30) day period. If , prior to the effective time of the Disability Notice , Employee shall recover from such disability and return to the full-time active discharge of his duties , then the Disability Notice shall be of no further force and effect and Employee ' s employment shall continue as if the same had been uninterrupted. If Employee shall not so recover from his disability and return to his duties , then his s ervices shall terminate at the effective time of the Disability Notice. Such termination shall not prejudice any benefits payable to Employee that are fully vested as of the date of such termination and Employee shall be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to any base salary , bonus and other compensation earned and due but not yet paid through the effective date of termination, which payment will be paid to Employee as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event more than thirty (30) days following the effective time of the Disability Notice. Prior to the effective time of the Disability Notice , Employee shall continue to earn all compensation to which Employee would have been entitled as if he had not been disabled, such compensation to be paid at the time , in the amounts , and in the manner provided in Section 3(a). A disability of Employee shall be deemed to exist at all times that Employee is considered by the insurance company which has issued any policy of long-term disability insurance owned by Employer or for which premiums are paid by Employer (the Employer Policy to be totally disabled under the terms of such policy. If Employer no longer maintains or pays premiums for any long-term disability policy covering Plaintiff, then a disability of Employee shall be said to exist at all times that Employee is receiving disability payments from the Social Security Administration. 

6. Termination. 

(a) If Employee shall die during the Term , this Agreement and the employment relationship hereunder will automatically terminate on the date of death , which date s hall be the last day of the Term ; provided that such termination shall not prejudice any benefits payable to Employee or Employee's beneficiaries that are fully vested as of the date of death. An estate of Employee shall have the right to exercise any options in accordance with the underlying terms and provisions of the grants. 

(b) Employer may terminate Employee's employment under this Agreement at any time with or without Just Cause subject to appropriate notice as herein provided. Any termination without Just Cause shall be effective only upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Employee. Any termination with Just Cause shall be effective upon appropriate notice or at such other time set by the Company. Just Cause shall mean: (i) Employee ' s willful and material breach of this Agreement and Employee ' s continued failure to cure such breach to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company within thirty (30) days following written notice of such breach to Employee from the Company ; (ii) Employee's conviction of , or entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; (iii) Employee ' s willful commission of an act 

4 
 
 of fraud , breach of trust , or dishone s ty including , without limitation , embezzlement , that results in material damage or harm to the business , financial condition or assets of Employer; (iv) Employee ' s intentional damage or destruction of substantial property of Employer ; or (v) Employee's material breach of the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined below). Just Cause shall be determined by the Company in its reasonable discretion and the particulars of any determination shall be provided to Employee in writing. At any time within ninety (90) days of receipt by Employee in writing of such determination , Employee may object to such determination in writing and submit the determination to arbitration in accordance with Section 14(i). If such determination is overturned in arbitration , Employee will be treated as having been terminated without Just Cause and shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 7(c). Any determination by the Company that the Employee s employment with the Company was terminated with or without Just Cause under this Agreement will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or Employee for any other purpose. 

(c) Employee may voluntarily terminate his employment with Employer either (i) without Good Reason (as defined in Section 7(e)(ii)) on thirty (30) days prior written notice to Employer or (ii) with Good Reason (subject to the notice provisions set forth in the definition thereof). 

7. Payments Upon Termination; Effects on Equity. 

(a) Upon any termination pursuant to Section 6 , Employee shall be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to any base salary , bonus and other compensation earned and due but not yet paid through the effective date of termination (collectively Accrued Compensation , which payment will be paid to Employee as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event more than thirty (30) days following the effective date of Employee s termination. 

(b) Just Cause Termination - If Employer , or any successor following a Change in Control or otherwise , terminates Employee's employment for Just Cause , Employee shall forfeit all of Employee s unvested stock options at the date of termination, and Employee shall not have the right to exercise forfeited unvested options, but shall have one (1) year from the date of termination to exercise any vested stock options. If Employee terminates his employment or if Employer (or its successor following a Change in Control) terminates Employee's employment without Just Cause , Employee shall have one (1) year from the date of termination to exercise any vested stock options. 

(c) Termination by Employer other than for Just Cause; for Good Reason by Employee - In addition to the amounts payable under Section 7(a) above, at any time other than the ninety (90) day period before or the twelve (12) month period after the consummation of a Change in Control, if Employee's employment hereunder is terminated by (i) Employer other than for Just Cause, or (ii) Employee for Good Reason, and provided in either event that Employee executes a general Release and Settlement Agreement in the Company's then current form which shall be reasonable in all particulars (the Release within the time period set forth therein (but in no event later than forty-five (45) days after the termination date) and allows such Release to become effective in accordance with its terms (such date, the Release Effective Date ), then Employee shall be entitled to the following: 

5 
 
 (i) severance , payable in accordance with the Employer ' s standard payroll practices , equal to Employee's then current base salary (exclusive of any bonus pursuant to Section 3 herein or other variable compensation) for a period of eighteen (18) months commencing with the first payroll period following the termination (the Severance Period provided that on the first regular payroll pay day following the Release Effective Date , the Employer will pay Employee the severance payment s that Employee would otherwise have received under this Agreement on or prior to such date but for the delay in payment related to the effectiveness of the Release , with the balance of such severance payments being paid as originally scheduled ; 

(ii) the vesting of the Employee's unvested stock options and any restricted stock awards shall be accelerated such that , effective as of the date of the Employee's termination of employment , the Employee shall receive immediate accelerated vesting of such equity awards with respect to that same number of shares which would have vested if the Employee had continued in employment during the Severance Period , in accordance with the original vesting schedule of such equity awards. Employee shall have one (1) year from the date of termination to exercise any vested stock options ; 

(iii) if the Employee elects continued health care coverage under COBRA and timely pays his portion of the applicable premiums , the Employer will continue to pay for the same percentage of Employee's , and Employee's qualified beneficiaries ', COBRA premiums for continued medical , dental and vision group health coverage as the percentage of medical , dental and vision insurance premiums it paid for the Employee , and Employee's beneficiaries , during the Employee ' s employment (the COBRA Premium Payments ). Such COBRA Premium Payments shall commence on the first day of the Severance Period and continue until the earlier of (i) the last day of the Severance Period; (ii) the date on which the Employee or qualified beneficiary , as applicable , becomes enrolled in the group health insurance plan of another employer , or (iii) the date on which the Employee or qualified beneficiary , as applicable , becomes entitled to Medicare after the COBRA election (such period from the termination date through the earliest of (i) through (iii), the COBRA Payment Period ). The Employee is required to notify the Employer immediately if the Employee and / or qualified beneficiary becomes covered by a group health plan of a subsequent employer or entitled to Medicare, at which time, the Company s obligation to pay COBRA premiums on the Employee s behalf shall cease. Upon the conclusion of the COBRA Payment Period , the Employee will be responsible for the entire payment of premiums required under COBRA for the duration of the COBRA coverage period. For purposes of this Section 7(c)(iii) , references to COBRA shall be deemed to refer also to analogous provisions of state law and any applicable COBRA Premium Payments that are paid by the Employer shall not include any amounts payable by the Employee under an Internal Revenue Code Section 125 health care reimbursement plan , which amounts , if any , are the sole responsibility of the Employee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that its payment of COBRA premiums on the Employee s behalf would result in a violation of applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then in lieu of paying COBRA premiums on the Employee s behalf, the Company will pay the Employee on the last day of each remaining month of the COBRA Payment Period a cash payment 

6 
 
 equal to the COBRA premium for that month on a post-tax basis, which payment shall be subject to applicable tax withholding (such amount, the Special Severance Payment ), such Special Severance Payment to be made without regard to the Employee s payment of COBRA premiums and without regard to the expiration of the COBRA Payment Period prior to the end of the Severance Period following the Employee s termination. Such Special Severance Payment shall end on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Employee commences other employment and (ii) the close or termination of the Severance Period following the Employee s termination. 

(iv) If the Employee terminated service before an Annual Bonus has been determined for a performance year, then the Employee will have no legally binding right to any bonus payment. However, at the time of determination of Annual Bonuses first following the date of termination, Employee will be considered for a bonus in the manner described in Section 3(b) (but taking into account any period of service during the applicable performance period(s)); provided that if Employee is granted a bonus, the amount shall be prorated based upon the portion of any period for which the bonus is calculated during which Employee was employed. Employer shall pay the amount of the bonus so determined, if any, to Employee within thirty (30) days of the date of determination of such bonus. 

(d) Termination following Change in Control - If , within the ninety (90) day period prior to or the twelve (12) month period after the consummation of a Change in Control (as such term is defined in Section 7(e)(i)) , Employer terminates Employee's employment without Just Cause or Employee terminates his employment with Employer Agreement as a result of a Good Reason (as such term is defined in Section 7(e)(ii)); and , in either event , if Employee executes a Release which shall be reasonable in all particulars within the time period set forth therein (but in no event later than forty-five (45) days after the termination date) and allows such Release to become effective in accordance with its terms , then Employee shall be entitled to the following in lieu of any severance compensation or benefits set forth in Section 7(c): 

(i) all Accrued Compensation (as defined in Section 7(a) herein); 

(ii) severance, payable in accordance with the Employer's standard payroll practices, of (a) an amount equal to twenty-four (24) months of Employee's then current base salary (exclusive of any bonus pursuant to Section 3 herein, which is addressed later in this paragraph, or other variable compensation), commencing with the first payroll period following the effectiveness of the Release, (the Change in Control Severance Period and(b) an amount equal to Employee s target bonus, prorated based upon the portion of any period for which the bonus is calculated during which Employee was employed; 

(iii) all stock option grants and all restricted stock grants then held by Employee shall be subject to accelerated vesting such that all unvested shares subject to such stock awards shall be accelerated and deemed fully vested as of Employee's last day of employment. Employee shall have one (1) year from the date of termination to exercise any vested stock options; and 

7 
 
 (iv) if the Employee elects continued health care coverage under COBRA and timely pays his portion of the applicable premiums, the COBRA Premium Payment benefits provided for in Section 7(c)(iii) shall commence on the first day of the Change in Control Severance Period and continue until the earlier of (i) the last day of the Change in Control Severance Period; (ii) the date on which the Employee or qualified beneficiary, as applicable, becomes enrolled in the group health insurance plan of another employer, or (iii) the date on which the Employee or qualified beneficiary, as applicable, becomes entitled to Medicare after the COBRA election (such period from the termination date through the earliest of (i) through (iii), the Change in Control COBRA Payment Period ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that its payment of COBRA premiums on the Employee s behalf would result in a violation of applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then in lieu of paying COBRA premiums on the Employee s behalf, the Company will pay the Employee on the last day of each remaining month of the Change in Control COBRA Payment Period a cash payment equal to the COBRA premium for that month on a post-tax basis, which payment shall be subject to applicable tax withholding (such amount, the Change in Control Special Severance Payment ), such Change in Control Special Severance Payment to be made without regard to the Employee s payment of COBRA premiums and without regard to the expiration of the Change in Control COBRA Payment Period prior to the end of the Change in Control Severance Period following the Employee s termination. Such Change in Control Special Severance Payment shall end on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Employee commences other employment and (ii) the close or termination of the Change in Control Severance Period following the Employee s termination. Employee ' s disability insurance coverage will end upon his last day of active employment and Employee may port or convert the basic life insurance coverage within 31 days of the termination date as provided under the terms of the policy. 

(e) For purposes hereof: 

(i) A Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if , at any time: 

(A) Employer shall be a party to any merger , consolidation or other similar transaction that results in the shareholders of Employer immediately before the merger , consolidation or other similar transaction owning less than 50 of the equity , or possessing less than 50 of the voting control , of Employer or the successor entity in the merger , consolidation or other similar transaction ; 

(B) Employer shall liquidate , dissolve or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets; or 

(C) the shareholders of Employer s ell or otherwi s e dispose of Employer ' s capital stock in a single transaction or series of related transactions such that the shareholders immediately before such transaction or related transactions own less than 50 of the equity , and possess less than 50 of the voting power of Employer. 

8 
 
 Provided, however , that any public offering of securities of the Employer ' s common stock shall not constitute a Change in Control. 
 
 (ii) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following event s without Employee ' s express written consent: 

(A) Assignment to , or withdrawal from , Employee of any duties or responsibilities that results in a material diminution in such Employee ' s authority , duties or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such change; 

(B) A material diminution in the authority , duties or responsibilities of the supervisor to whom Employee is required to report ; 

(C) A material reduction by Employer of Employee ' s annual base 

salary ; 
 
 (D) A relocation of Employee or Employer ' s principal executive offices if Employee ' s principal office is at such offices , to a location more than sixty (60) miles from the location at which Employee is then performing his duties , except for an opportunity to relocate which is accepted by Employee in writing ; or 

(E) A material breach by Employer of any provision of this Agreement or any other enforceable written agreement between Employee and Employer ; 

Provided, however, that , any termination of employment by the Employee shall only be deemed for Good Reason pursuant to the foregoing definition if: (i) the Employee gives the Employer written notice of the intent to terminate for Good Reason within ninety (90) days following the first occurrence of the condition(s) that the Employee believes constitutes Good Reason , which notice shall describe such condition(s) ; (ii) the Employer fails to remedy such condition(s) within thirty (30) days following receipt of the written notice (the Cure Period and (iii) the Employee terminates his employment within twelve (12) months following the end of the Cure Period. 
 (f) In the event of a termination of Employee s employment pursuant to Section 5 or Section 6, Employee's disability insurance coverage will end upon his last day of active employment and Employee may port or convert the basic life insurance coverage within 31 days of the termination date as provided under the terms of the policy. 

(g) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7 , upon termination of this Agreement for any reason , Employee shall not be entitled to any form of severance benefits , or any other payment whatsoever. Employee agrees that the payments and benefits provided hereunder , subject to the terms and conditions hereof shall be in full satisfaction of any rights which he might otherwise have or claim by operation of law , by implied contract or otherwise , except for rights which he may have under any employee benefit plan of Employer. 

9 
 
 8. Application of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, any payments and benefits provided pursuant to this Agreement which constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations issued pursuant to Section 409A shall not commence until the Employee has incurred a separation from service (as such term is defined in the Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) Separation From Service ), unless the Company reasonably determines that such amounts may be provided to the Employee without causing the Employee to incur the additional 20 tax under Section 409A. 

For the avoidance of doubt, it is intended that the payments and benefits set forth in this Agreement satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(5) and 1.409A-1(b)(9) and this Agreement will be construed to the greatest extent possible as consistent with those provisions. To the extent not so exempt, this Agreement (and any definitions hereunder) will be construed in a manner that complies with Section 409A and incorporates by reference all required definitions and payment terms. For purposes of Section 409A (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 2(b)(2)(iii)), the Employee s right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement (whether severance payments, reimbursements or otherwise) shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each installment payment hereunder shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Company (or, if applicable, the successor entity thereto) determines that any payments upon the Employee s Separation From Service set forth herein and/or under any other agreement with the Company constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A and the Employee is, on the Employee s Separation From Service, a specified employee of the Company or any successor entity thereto, as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then, solely, to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the payments upon the Employee s Separation From Service shall be delayed until the earlier to occur of: (a) the date that is six months and one day after the Employee s Separation From Service or (b) the date of the Employee s death (such applicable date, the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date ). On the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date, the Company (or the successor entity thereto, as applicable) shall (A) pay the Employee a lump sum amount equal to the sum of the payments upon the Employee s Separation From Service that the Employee would otherwise have received through the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of the severance benefits had not been so delayed pursuant to this section and (B) commence paying the balance of the severance benefits in accordance with the applicable payment schedules set forth in this Agreement. 

10 
 
 If any severance benefits under this Agreement (including the salary and benefit continuation provided herein) are not covered by one or more exemptions from the application of Section 409A and the Release could become effective in the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Employee s Separation From Service occurs, then the latest permitted date on which such Release could become effective and irrevocable in accordance with its terms will be considered the Release Effective Date and the severance benefits shall commence on such date. None of the severance benefits (including the salary and benefit continuation provided herein) will commence or otherwise be delivered prior to the Release Effective Date. Except to the minimum extent that payments must be delayed because the Employee is a specified employee (as described above) or until the effectiveness of the Release, all amounts will be paid as soon as practicable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices and no interest will be due on any amounts so deferred. 
 9. Parachute Payments. (a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding , if any payment or benefit the Employee would receive from the Employer pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (a Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code , and (ii) but for this sentence , be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax , then such Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion of the Payment , up to and including the total Payment , whichever amount , after taking into account all applicable federal , state and local employment taxes , income taxes , and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate) , results in the Employee ' s receipt , on an after-tax basis , of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (x) of the preceding sentence , the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for Employee. If more than one method of reduction will result in the same economic benefit , the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). 

(b) Notwithstanding any provision of paragraph (a) to the contrary , if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code , then the Reduction Method and / or the Pro Rata Reduction Method , as the case may be , shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code as follows: (A) as a first priority , the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible , the greatest economic benefit for Employee as determined on an after-tax basis; (B) as a second priority , Payments that are contingent on future events (e.g. , being terminated without cause) , shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future events; and (C) as a third priority , Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 

11 
 
 (c) The Employer shall appoint a nationally recognized independent accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder , which accounting firm shall not then be serving as accountant or auditor for the individual , entity or group that effected the Change in Control. The Employer shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting firm required to be made hereunder. 

(d) The accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations , together with detailed supporting documentation , to the Employer and the Employee within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which the Employee ' s right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Employer or the Employee) or such other time as agreed upon by the Employer and the Employee. If the accounting firm determines that no Excise Tax is payable with respect to a Payment , either before or after the application of the Reduced Amount , it shall furnish the Employer and the Employee with an opinion reasonably acceptable to the Employee that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to such Payment. The Employer shall be entitled to rely upon the accounting firm ' s determinations , which shall be final and binding on all persons. 

(e) If , notwithstanding any reduction described in this Section 9 , the IRS determines that Employee is liable for the Exci s e Tax as a result of the receipt of the payment of benefits as described above , then Employee shall be obligated to pay back to the Employer , within thirty (30) days after a final IRS determination or in the event that such Employee challenges the final IRS determination , a final judicial determination , a portion of the payment equal to the Repayment Amount. The Repayment Amount with respect to the payment of benefits shall be the smallest such amount , if any , as shall be required to be paid to the Employer so that Employee ' s net after- tax proceeds with respect to any payment of benefits (after taking into account the payment of the Excise Tax and all other applicable taxes imposed on such payment) shall be maximized. The Repayment Amount with respect to the payment of benefits shall be zero if a Repayment Amount of more than zero would not result in Employee ' s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the payment of such benefits being maximized. If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to this paragraph , Employee shall pay the Excise Tax. 

(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 9 , if (i) there is a reduction in the payment of benefits as described in this section , (ii) the IRS later determines that Employee is liable for the Excise Tax , the payment of which would result in the maximization of Employee's net after-tax proceed s (calculated as if Employee's benefits had not previously been reduced) , and (iii) Employee pays the Excise Tax , then the Employer shall pay to Employee those benefits which were reduced pursuant to this section contemporaneously or as s oon as administratively possible after Employee pays the Excise Tax so that Employee ' s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the payment of benefits is maximized. 

12 
 
 10. Best Efforts of Employee. 

Employee agrees that Employee will at all times faithfully , industriously and to the best of Employee's ability , experience and talents perform all the duties that may be required of Employee pursuant to the terms hereof , to the reasonable satisfaction of Employer , commensurate with Employee ' s position. Such duties shall be rendered at such place as specified herein and Employee acknowledges that Employee may be required to travel as shall reasonably be required to promote the business of Employer. To the extent reasonably required by the duties assigned to Employee , Employee shall devote substantially all Employee's time , attention , knowledge and skills to the business and interest of Employer and Employer shall be entitled to all the benefits , profits and other issue arising from or incident to all work , service and advice of Employee; provided , however , that Employee shall be permitted to devote a reasonable amount of time to charitable , religious or service organizations. During the Term , unless approved by the Board, Employee shall not be interested , directly or indirectly , in any manner as partner , manager , officer , director , shareholder , member , adviser , consultant , employee or in any other capacity in any other business ; provided , that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to prevent or limit the right of Employee to beneficially own less than 5 of the stock of a corporation traded on a national securities exchange as long as such passive investment does not interfere with or conflict with the performance of services to be rendered hereunder. 
 11. Confidentiality and Covenant Not to Compete. The terms of the Confidentiality , Invention , and Non-Competition Agreement by and between the Employee and Employer dated July 6, 2015 (the Confidentiality Agreement , are hereby incorporated by reference and are a material part of this Agreement. 

12. Indemnification. Before and after the end of the Term, Employer shall indemnify and hold harmless Employee from any cause of action resulting from the performance of Employee's duties under this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by law. This indemnification shall include all reasonable legal costs incurred by Employee to the extent permitted by law. Employer shall maintain directors and officers liability insurance covering Employee in amounts commensurate with the coverage obtained by similarly situated and sized companies in the same industry. 

13. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any corporate or other successor of Employer which may acquire, directly or indirectly, by merger, or consolidation, or which may assume control of Employer, and shall otherwise inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective beneficiaries, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. Upon the death of Employee, any payments or benefits otherwise due to Employee hereunder shall be paid to or be for the benefit of Employee s legal representatives. Nothing in the Agreement shall preclude Employer from consolidating or merging into or with or transferring all or substantially all of its assets or control to another entity. In that event, such other entity shall assume this Agreement and all obligations of Employer hereunder. Upon such a consolidation, merger, or transfer of assets and assumption, the terms Employer and Company as used herein, shall mean such other entity and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 

13 
 
 14. Miscellaneous. 

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state in which the headquarters of Employer is located without regard toconflicts of law principles thereof. 

(b) Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between Employee and Employer with respect to the subject matter hereof , and supersedes in their entirety any and all prior oral or written agreements , understandings or arrangements between Employee and Employer or any of its affiliates relating to the terms of Employee ' s employment by Employer (including Employee s prior employment agreement dated July 5, 2015) , and all such agreements , understandings and arrangements are hereby terminated and are of no force and effect. Employee hereby expressly disclaims any rights under any such agreements , understandings and arrangements. This Agreement may not be amended or terminated except by an agreement in writing signed by both parties. 

(c) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts , each of which shall be deemed and original and all of which , taken together , shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

(d) Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement shall be effective only if it is in writing and delivered in person or by nationally recognized overnight courier service or deposited in the mails , postage prepaid , return receipt requested , addressed as follows: 

To Employer: SCYNEXIS , Inc. 
 1 Evertrust Plaza, 13 th Floor Jersey City, NJ 07302 
 Attn: Legal Department 
 
 To Employee: 
 
 David Angulo 
 At the then current address contained in Employee ' s personnel file 
 
 Notices given in person or by overnight courier service shall be deemed given when delivered in person or the day after delivery to the courier addressed to the address required by this Section 13(d) , and notices given by mail shall be deemed given three days after deposit in the mails. Any party hereto may designate by written notice to the other party in accordance herewith any other address to which notices addressed to the other party shall be sent. 

14 
 
 (e) The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. It is understood and agreed that no failure or delay by Employer or Employee in exercising any right , power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof , nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right , power or privilege hereunder. 

(f) This Agreement may not be assigned by Employee without the written consent of Employer. Any attempted assignment in contravention of this provision shall be null and void. This Agreement shall be binding on any successors or assigns of either party hereto. 

(g) For purposes of this Agreement , employment of Employee by any affiliate of Employer shall be deemed to be employment by Employer hereunder , and a transfer of employment of Employee from one such affiliate to another shall not be deemed to be a termination of employment of Employee by Employer or a cessation of the Term , it being the intention of the parties hereto that employment of Employee by any affiliate of Employer shall be treated as employment by Employer and that the provisions of this Agreement shall continue to be fully applicable following any such transfer; provided that such arrangement shall not release the Employer from any obligation, duty or liability to Employee hereunder. Notwithstanding the above , the parties hereby confirm that a relocation of Employee or Employer's principal executive offices if Employee's principal office is at such offices , to a location more than sixty (60) miles from the location at which Employee is then performing his duties , except for an opportunity to relocate which is accepted by Employee in writing , shall constitute a Good Reason as set forth in Section 7(e)(ii) herein. 

(h) The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive any termination of the Term or Employee's employment with Employer to the extent necessary to preserve such rights and obligations for their stated durations. 

(i) The undersigned agrees that any dispute or controversy arising out of, relating to, or concerning any interpretation, construction, performance or breach of this Agreement, (except for disputes arising under the terms of the Confidentiality, Inventions and Non- Competition Agreement referenced in Section 11 hereof, which Agreement separately provides for an arbitration process), shall be settled by arbitration in the State in which the company headquarter is located to be held in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules then in effect of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator may grant injunctions or other relief in such dispute or controversy. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties to the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s decision in any court having jurisdiction. Company and the undersigned shall each pay their own respective attorneys fees and one-half of the costs and expenses of such arbitration. 

15 
 
 This arbitration clause constitutes a waiver of the undersigned s right to a jury trial and relates to the resolution of all disputes relating to all aspects of the employer/employee relationship (except for disputes arising under the terms of the Confidentiality, Inventions and Non-Competition Agreement referenced in Section 11 hereof, which Agreement separately provides for an arbitration process), including, but not limited to, the following claims: (a) any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment; breach of contract, both express and implied; breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied; negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress; negligent or intentional misrepresentation; negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage; and defamation; (b) any and all claims for violation of any federal, state or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Fair Labor Standards Act, and Labor Code Section 201, et seq. ; and (c) any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination. 
 (j) Employee represents and warrants to Employer that Employee is not subject to any employment, noncompetition or other similar agreement with a former employer or otherwise that would prevent or interfere with the Employee s employment on the terms set forth herein. 

[THE NEXT PAGE IS THE SIGNATURE PAGE] 

16 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement. 

SCYNEXIS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Marco Taglietti 

Name: 
 Marco Taglietti 

Title: 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

EMPLOYEE: 

/s/ David Angulo 

David Angulo 

17 

</EX-10>

<EX-10>
 4
 scyx-ex10_40.htm
 EX-10.40

EX-10 

Exhibit 10.40 
 EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT 
 THIS EMPLOYMENT AGREEMENT Agreement , effecti v e a s o f October 24, 2022 (the Effective Date , i s b y and between SCYNEXIS, Inc. , a Delaware corporation Employer or Company and Ivor Macleod Employee . 
 RECITALS : 
 WHEREAS , Emplo y er con s ider s the a v ailabilit y of Emplo y ee ' s s ervice s to be important to the mana g ement and conduct of Emplo y er ' s bu s ine ss and de s ire s to s ecure the continued availabilit y of Emplo y ee ' s s ervice s and hire Employee on terms herein contained; and 
 WHEREAS , Emplo y ee i s willin g to make his s ervice s available to Emplo y er on the term s and s ubject to the condition s s et forth herein ; 
 NOW, THEREFORE , in con s ideration of the mutual covenant s contained herein , the partie s hereto a g ree a s follow s : 
 1. Employment . For the Term (a s defined in Section 2) , Emplo y ee s hall be emplo y ed a s Chief Financial Officer (the Po s ition of Emplo y er. Emplo y ee hereb y accept s and a g ree s to s uch emplo y ment and will report to the Chief Executive Officer . Emplo y ee s hall perform s uch dutie s and s hall ha v e s uch power s , authorit y and re s pon s ibilitie s a s are cu s tomar y for one h o ldin g the Po s ition in a bu s ine ss s imilar to Emplo y er and s hall additionall y render s uch other s ervice s and dutie s a s ma y be rea s onabl y a ss i g ned to Emplo y ee from time to time b y the Chief Executive Officer or the Board of Directors of the Company. The principal office of Employer, where Employee will be located, is currently in Jersey City, New Jersey. 

2. Term of Employment. Th e Term of this A g reement s hall commence on October 24, 2022 and continue until terminated a s pro v ided in Section 5 or Section 6 s uch period , the Term . Emplo y ee under s tands , acknowled g e s and a g ree s that, except as herein provided, thi s A g reement doe s not create an o bli g ation for the Emplo y er or an y other per s on to continue Emplo y ee 's emplo y ment and either the Emplo y er or the Emplo y ee ma y terminate Emplo y ee ' s emplo y ment at an y time , with or without Ju s t Cau s e (a s defined herein s ubject to an y notice provi s ion s s et forth in thi s A g reement. 

3. Compensation. 

(a) For all s er v ice s rendered b y Emplo y ee to Emplo y er under thi s A g reement , Emplo y er s hall pa y to Emplo y ee , durin g the Term , a ba s e annual s alar y of not le ss than 

435,000 pa y able in arrear s in accordance with the cu s tomar y pa y r o ll practice s of Emplo y er. Durin g the Term , Emplo y ee ' s annual ba s e s alar y s hall be reviewed and s ubject to increa s e based upon the individual performance of Employee and the overall performance of the Company, in accord a nce with Emplo y er 's s tandard policie s and procedure s . 
 
 1 
 
 (b) Emplo y ee s hall be eli g ible to earn a discretionary annual performance bonu s durin g the term of up to forty percent (40 of Emplo y ee 's annu a l ba s e sa lar y, less payroll deductions and withholdings (the Annual Bonus . The amount of the bonus paid s hall be based upon the Board of Directors assessment of the Employee s performance and the Company s achievement of performance objectives as determined by the Board of Directors (or a compensation committee thereof), including the attainment of targeted goals by the Employee and/or the Company in such calendar year, which will be set by the Board in its discretion and will be prorated based on Employee s hire date for the year of hire. The Annual Bonus is not guaranteed. Following the close of each calendar year (and the completion of the audit of the Company s annual financial statements and filing of the Company s 10-K for such calendar year if the Board so elects), the Board will determine in its discretion the amount of the Annual Bonus the Employee is entitled to receive, if any, based on the Board s assessment of the Employee s performance and the Company s performance in such calendar year. The Annual Bonus shall be deemed earned and due on the date that it is determined by the Board. Any Annual Bonus the Employee is entitled to receive shall be paid to the Employee in accordance with the Company s standard practice no later than thirty (30) days following the completion of the audit of the Company s financial statements and filing of the Company s 10-K for the applicable calendar year. 

(c) Equity Awards: As an inducement material to Employee s entering into employment with the Company, the Company will grant to the Employee the following: 

(i) 170,000 shares of the Equity Award will be in the form of options to purchase the Company s common stock under Employer s 2015 Inducement Award Plan. The award will be granted as of the date the Term commences, with the exercise price per share equal to the per share closing sales price of the Company s common stock on the date of grant as reported on the principal stock exchange or market on which the common stock is listed. So long as Employee remains employed by the company, the vesting schedule will be 25 on the first anniversary of the start date, with the balance vesting on an equal monthly basis (1/36 th of the balance each month) over the following 36 months. 

(ii) 15,000 shares of the Equity Award will be in the form of Restricted Stock Units RSUs under Employer s 2015 Inducement Award Plan. So long as Employee remains employed by the Company, the RSUs will vest over a three-year period, and will be delivered to Employee on a yearly basis. One- third of the total RSU grant will vest on each of the first, second and third anniversaries of Employee s start date. Employee is required to pay applicable withholding and employment taxes when Employee s RSUs vest. The Company will reduce the number of shares to be issued to Employee on the issuance date by an aggregate number of shares having a value equal to the minimum statutory tax withholding requirements. RSUs will be subject to an Award Agreement containing terms and conditions determined by the Compensation Committee of the Company. 

(iii) Further equity awards may be granted by the Board (or a committee thereof), in its discretion, based on the Employee s and the Company s performance. 

(d) Employee shall be eligible to participate in any stock, stock option, retirement, or other compensation plans which are offered by the Company to its executives. 

2 
 
 (e) All amount s payable hereunder shall be subject to such deductions and withholdings as shall be required by law , if any. 

(f) Employee shall be entitled to holidays and other paid time off and to participate in those life , health or other insurance plans and other employee pension and welfare benefit programs , plans , practices and benefits generally made available from time to time to all employees of Employer ; provided that nothing herein shall obligate Employer to continue any of such benefits for Employee if discontinued for other employees. Without limiting the foregoing , Employee shall be entitled to paid vacation during each fiscal year of the Term of 20 days, prorated for any partial fiscal year. 

4. Reimbursement of Expenses. 

Employer shall pay or reimburse Employee for all reasonable travel and other reasonable business expenses incurred by Employee in performing Employee's obligations under this Agreement and also for any dues and costs of appropriate professional organizations and continuing professional education , subject to such reasonable documentation and substantiation as Employer shall require. Such reimbursements shall be paid promptly , but in no event later than thirty (30) days after submission of the appropriate request for reimbursement by Employee. 
 5. Disability. To the extent permitted by law , the following provisions shall apply. Upon the disability of Employee , this Agreement may be terminated by action of the Board upon 30 days prior written notice (the Disability Notice , such termination to become effective only if such disability continues after the thirty (30) day period. If , prior to the effective time of the Disability Notice , Employee shall recover from such disability and return to the full-time active discharge of his duties , then the Disability Notice shall be of no further force and effect and Employee ' s employment shall continue as if the same had been uninterrupted. If Employee shall not so recover from his disability and return to his duties , then his s ervices shall terminate at the effective time of the Disability Notice. Such termination shall not prejudice any benefits payable to Employee that are fully vested as of the date of such termination and Employee shall be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to any base salary , bonus and other compensation earned and due but not yet paid through the effective date of termination, which payment will be paid to Employee as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event more than thirty (30) days following the effective time of the Disability Notice. Prior to the effective time of the Disability Notice , Employee shall continue to earn all compensation to which Employee would have been entitled as if he had not been disabled, such compensation to be paid at the time , in the amounts , and in the manner provided in Section 3(a). A disability of Employee shall be deemed to exist at all times that Employee is considered by the insurance company which has issued any policy of long-term disability insurance owned by Employer or for which premiums are paid by Employer (the Employer Policy to be totally disabled under the terms of such policy. If Employer no longer maintains or pays premiums for any long-term disability policy covering Plaintiff, then a disability of Employee shall be said to exist at all times that Employee is receiving disability payments from the Social Security Administration . 

3 
 
 6. Termination. 

(a) If Employee shall die during the Term , this Agreement and the employment relationship hereunder will automatically terminate on the date of death , which date s hall be the last day of the Term ; provided that such termination shall not prejudice any benefits payable to Employee or Employee's beneficiaries that are fully vested as of the date of death. An estate of Employee shall have the right to exercise any options in accordance with the underlying terms and provisions of the grants. 

(b) Employer may terminate Employee's employment under this Agreement at any time with or without Just Cause subject to appropriate notice as herein provided. Any termination without Just Cause shall be effective only upon thirty (30) days prior written notice to Employee. Any termination with Just Cause shall be effective upon appropriate notice or at such other time set by the Company. Just Cause shall mean: (i) Employee ' s willful and material breach of this Agreement and Employee ' s continued failure to cure such breach to the reasonable satisfaction of the Company within thirty (30) days following written notice of such breach to Employee from the Company ; (ii) Employee's conviction of , or entry of a plea of guilty or nolo contendere to a felony or a misdemeanor involving moral turpitude; (iii) Employee ' s willful commission of an act of fraud , breach of trust , or dishone s ty including , without limitation , embezzlement , that results in material damage or harm to the business , financial condition or assets of Employer; (iv) Employee ' s intentional damage or destruction of substantial property of Employer ; or (v) Employee's material breach of the terms of the Confidentiality Agreement (as defined below). Just Cause shall be determined by the Company in its reasonable discretion and the particulars of any determination shall be provided to Employee in writing. At any time within ninety (90) days of receipt by Employee in writing of such determination , Employee may object to such determination in writing and submit the determination to arbitration in accordance with Section 14(i). If such determination is overturned in arbitration , Employee will be treated as having been terminated without Just Cause and shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 7(c). Any determination by the Company that the Employee s employment with the Company was terminated with or without Just Cause under this Agreement will have no effect upon any determination of the rights or obligations of the Company or Employee for any other purpose. 

(c) Employee may voluntarily terminate his employment with Employer either (i) without Good Reason (as defined in Section 7(e)(ii)) on thirty (30) days prior written notice to 

Employer or (ii) with Good Reason (subject to the notice provisions set forth in the definition thereof). 
 7. Payments Upon Termination; Effects on Equity. 

(a) Upon any termination pursuant to Section 6 , Employee shall be entitled to receive a lump sum payment equal to any base salary , bonus and other compensation earned and due but not yet paid through the effective date of termination (collectively Accrued Compensation , which payment will be paid to Employee as soon as administratively practicable, but in no event more than thirty (30) days following the effective date of Employee s termination. 

4 
 
 (b) Just Cause Termination - If Employer , or any successor following a Change in Control or otherwise , terminates Employee's employment for Just Cause , Employee shall forfeit all of Employee s stock options at the date of termination (vested and unvested), and Employee shall not have the right to exercise any of such options. If Employee terminates his employment or if Employer (or its successor following a Change in Control) terminates Employee's employment without Just Cause , Employee shall have ninety (90) days from the date of termination to exercise any vested options. 

(c) Termination by Employer other than for Just Cause; for Good Reason by Employee - In addition to the amounts payable under Section 7(a) above , at any time other than the twelve (12) month period after the consummation of a Change in Control , if Employee ' s employment hereunder is terminated by (i) Employer other than for Just Cause , or (ii) Employee for Good Reason , and provided in either event that Employee executes a general Release and Settlement Agreement in the Company ' s then current form which shall be reasonable in all particulars (the Release within the time period set forth therein (but in no event later than forty-five (45) days after the termination date) and allows such Release to become effective in accordance with its terms (such date, the Release Effective Date , then Employee shall be entitled to the following: 

(i) severance , payable in accordance with the Employer ' s standard payroll practices , equal to Employee's then current base salary (exclusive of any bonus pursuant to Section 3 herein or other variable compensation) for a period of six (6) months commencing with the first payroll period following the termination (the Severance Period provided that on the first regular payroll pay day following the Release Effective Date , the Employer will pay Employee the severance payment s that Employee would otherwise have received under this Agreement on or prior to such date but for the delay in payment related to the effectiveness of the Release , with the balance of such severance payments being paid as originally scheduled ; 

(ii) the vesting of the Employee's unvested time-based stock options and any time-based restricted stock awards shall be accelerated such that , effective as of the date of the Employee's termination of employment , the Employee shall receive immediate accelerated vesting of such equity awards with respect to that same number of shares which would have vested if the Employee had continued in employment during the Severance Period , in accordance with the original vesting schedule of such equity awards ; 

(iii) if the Employee elects continued health care coverage under COBRA and timely pays his portion of the applicable premiums , the Employer will continue to pay for the same percentage of Employee's , and Employee's qualified beneficiaries ', COBRA premiums for continued medical , dental and vision group health coverage as the percentage of medical , dental and vision insurance premiums it paid for the Employee , and Employee's beneficiaries , during the Employee ' s employment (the COBRA Premium Payments ). Such COBRA Premium Payments shall commence on the first day of the Severance Period and continue until the earlier of (i) the last day of the Severance Period; (ii) the date on which the Employee or qualified beneficiary , as applicable , becomes enrolled in the group health insurance plan of another employer , or (iii) the 

5 
 
 date on which the Employee or qualified beneficiary , as applicable , becomes entitled to Medicare after the COBRA election (such period from the termination date through the earliest of (i) through (iii), the COBRA Payment Period ). The Employee is required to notify the Employer immediately if the Employee and / or qualified beneficiary becomes covered by a group health plan of a subsequent employer or entitled to Medicare, at which time, the Company s obligation to pay COBRA premiums on the Employee s behalf shall cease. Upon the conclusion of the COBRA Payment Period , the Employee will be responsible for the entire payment of premiums required under COBRA for the duration of the COBRA coverage period. For purposes of this Section 7(c)(iii) , references to COBRA shall be deemed to refer also to analogous provisions of state law and any applicable COBRA Premium Payments that are paid by the Employer shall not include any amounts payable by the Employee under an Internal Revenue Code Section 125 health care reimbursement plan , which amounts , if any , are the sole responsibility of the Employee. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that its payment of COBRA premiums on the Employee s behalf would result in a violation of applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then in lieu of paying COBRA premiums on the Employee s behalf, the Company will pay the Employee on the last day of each remaining month of the COBRA Payment Period a cash payment equal to the COBRA premium for that month on a post-tax basis, which payment shall be subject to applicable tax withholding (such amount, the Special Severance Payment ), such Special Severance Payment to be made without regard to the Employee s payment of COBRA premiums and without regard to the expiration of the COBRA Payment Period prior to the end of the Severance Period following the Employee s termination. Such Special Severance Payment shall end on the earlier of (i) the date on which the Employee commences other employment and (ii) the close or termination of the Severance Period following the Employee s termination. 

(iv) If the Employee terminated service before an Annual Bonus has been determined for a performance year, then the Employee will have no legally binding right to any bonus payment. However, at the time of determination of Annual Bonuses first following the date of termination, Employee will be considered for a bonus in the manner described in Section 3(b) (but taking into account any period of service during the applicable performance period(s)); provided that if Employee is granted a bonus, the amount shall be prorated based upon the portion of any period for which the bonus is calculated during which Employee was employed. Employer shall pay the amount of the bonus so determined, if any, to Employee within thirty (30) days of the date of determination of such bonus. 

6 
 
 (d) Termination following Change in Control - If , within twelve (12) months after the consummation of a Change in Control (as such term is defined in Section 7(e)(i)) , Employer terminates Employee's employment without Just Cause or Employee terminates his employment with Employer Agreement as a result of a Good Reason (as such term is defined in Section 7(e)(ii)); and , in either event , if Employee executes a Release which shall be reasonable in all particulars within the time period set forth therein (but in no event later than forty-five (45) days after the termination date) and allows such Release to become effective in accordance with its terms , then Employee shall be entitled to the following in lieu of any severance compensation or benefits set forth in Section 7(c): 

(i) all Accrued Compensation (as defined in Section 7(a) herein) ; 

(ii) severance , payable in accordance with the Employer ' s standard payroll practices , of an amount equal to 12 months of Employee ' s then current base salary (exclusive of any bonus pursuant to Section 3 herein or other variable compensation), commencing with the first payroll period following the effectiveness of the Release (the Change in Control Severance Period 

(iii) all time-based stock option grants and all time-based restricted stock grants then held by Employee shall be subject to accelerated vesting such that all unvested shares subject to such stock awards shall be accelerated and deemed fully vested as of Employee ' s last day of employment; and 

(iv) if the Employee elects continued health care coverage under COBRA and timely pays his portion of the applicable premiums , the COBRA Premium Payment benefits provided for in Section 7(c)(iii) shall commence on the first day of the Change in Control Severance Period and continue until the earlier of (i) the last day of the Change in Control Severance Period; (ii) the date on which the Employee or qualified beneficiary , as applicable , becomes enrolled in the group health insurance plan of another employer , or (iii) the date on which the Employee or qualified beneficiary , as applicable , becomes entitled to Medicare after the COBRA election (such period from the termination date through the earliest of (i) through (iii), the Change in Control COBRA Payment Period ). Notwithstanding the foregoing, if at any time the Company determines, in its sole discretion, that its payment of COBRA premiums on the Employee s behalf would result in a violation of applicable law (including, without limitation, Section 2716 of the Public Health Service Act), then in lieu of paying COBRA premiums on the Employee s behalf, the Company will pay the Employee on the last day of each remaining month of the Change in Control COBRA Payment Period a cash payment equal to the COBRA premium for that month on a post-tax basis, which payment shall be subject to applicable tax withholding (such amount, the Change in Control Special Severance Payment ), such Change in Control Special Severance Payment to be made without regard to the Employee s payment of COBRA premiums and without regard to the expiration of the Change in Control COBRA Payment Period prior to the end of the Change in Control Severance Period following the Employee s termination. Such Change in Control Special Severance Payment shall end on the earlier of (i) the date on which 

7 
 
 the Employee commences other employment and (ii) the close or termination of the Change in Control Severance Period following the Employee s termination. Employee ' s disability insurance coverage will end upon his last day of active employment and Employee may port or convert the basic life insurance coverage within 31 days of the termination date as provided under the terms of the policy. 

(v) If the Employee terminated service before an Annual Bonus has been determined for a performance year, then the Employee will have no legally binding right to any bonus payment. However, at the time of determination of Annual Bonuses first following the date of termination, Employee will be considered for a bonus in the manner described in Section 3(b) (but taking into account any period of service during the applicable performance period(s)); provided that if Employee is granted a bonus, the amount shall be prorated based upon the portion of any period for which the bonus is calculated during which Employee was employed. Employer shall pay the amount of the bonus so determined, if any, to Employee within thirty (30) days of the date of determination of such bonus. 

(e) For purposes hereof: 

(i) A Change in Control shall be deemed to have occurred if , at any time: 

(A) Employer shall be a party to any merger , consolidation or other similar transaction that results in the shareholders of Employer immediately before the merger , consolidation or other similar transaction owning less than 50 of the equity , or possessing less than 50 of the voting control , of Employer or the successor entity in the merger , consolidation or other similar transaction ; 

(B) Employer shall liquidate , dissolve or sell or otherwise dispose of all or substantially all of its assets; or 

(C) the shareholders of Employer s ell or otherwi s e dispose of Employer ' s capital stock in a single transaction or series of related transactions such that the shareholders immediately before such transaction or related transactions own less than 50 

of the equity , and possess less than 50 of the voting power of Employer. 
 Provided, however , that any public offering of securities of the Employer ' s common stock 
 shall not constitute a Change in Control. 
 (ii) Good Reason shall mean the occurrence of any of the following event s without Employee ' s express written consent: 

(A) Assignment to , or withdrawal from , Employee of any duties or responsibilities that results in a material diminution in such Employee ' s authority , duties or responsibilities as in effect immediately prior to such change; 

8 
 
 (B) A material diminution in the authority , duties or responsibilities of the supervisor to whom Employee is required to report ; 

(C) A material reduction by Employer of Employee ' s annual base salary unless such reduction is done in connection with an across the board reduction in executive salaries, and Good Reason shall include a reduction of more than 15 even if it is in connection an across the board reduction in executive salaries ; 

(D) A relocation of Employee or Employer ' s principal executive offices if Employee ' s principal office is at such offices , to a location more than sixty (60) miles from the location at which Employee is then performing his duties , except for an opportunity to relocate which is accepted by Employee in writing ; or 

(E) A material breach by Employer of any provision of this Agreement or any other enforceable written agreement between Employee and Employer ; 

Provided, however, that , any termination of employment by the Employee shall only be deemed for Good Reason pursuant to the foregoing definition if: (i) the Employee gives the Employer written notice of the intent to terminate for Good Reason within ninety (90) days following the first occurrence of the condition(s) that the Employee believes constitutes Good Reason , which notice shall describe such condition(s) ; (ii) the Employer fails to remedy such condition(s) within thirty (30) days following receipt of the written notice (the Cure Period and (iii) the Employee terminates his employment within thirty (30) days following the end of the Cure Period. 
 (f) In the event of a termination of Employee s employment pursuant to Section 5 or Section 6, Employee's disability insurance coverage will end upon his last day of active employment and Employee may port or convert the basic life insurance coverage within 31 days of the termination date as provided under the terms of the policy. 

(g) Except as otherwise provided in this Section 7 , upon termination of this Agreement for any reason , Employee shall not be entitled to any form of severance benefits , or any other payment whatsoever. Employee agrees that the payments and benefits provided hereunder , subject to the terms and conditions hereof shall be in full satisfaction of any rights which he might otherwise have or claim by operation of law , by implied contract or otherwise , except for rights which he may have under any employee benefit plan of Employer. 

8. Application of Section 409A. Notwithstanding anything set forth in this Agreement to the contrary, any payments and benefits provided pursuant to this Agreement which constitute deferred compensation within the meaning of the Treasury Regulations issued pursuant to Section 409A shall not commence until the Employee has incurred a separation from service (as such term is defined in the Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A-1(h) Separation From Service ), unless the Company reasonably determines that such amounts may be provided to the Employee without causing the Employee to incur the additional 20 tax under Section 409A. 

9 
 
 For the avoidance of doubt, it is intended that the payments and benefits set forth in this Agreement satisfy, to the greatest extent possible, the exemptions from the application of Section 409A provided under Treasury Regulation Sections 1.409A-1(b)(4), 1.409A-1(b)(5) and 1.409A-1(b)(9) and this Agreement will be construed to the greatest extent possible as consistent with those provisions. To the extent not so exempt, this Agreement (and any definitions hereunder) will be construed in a manner that complies with Section 409A and incorporates by reference all required definitions and payment terms. For purposes of Section 409A (including, without limitation, for purposes of Treasury Regulation Section 1.409A 2(b)(2)(iii)), the Employee s right to receive any installment payments under this Agreement (whether severance payments, reimbursements or otherwise) shall be treated as a right to receive a series of separate payments and, accordingly, each installment payment hereunder shall at all times be considered a separate and distinct payment. Notwithstanding any provision to the contrary in this Agreement, if the Company (or, if applicable, the successor entity thereto) determines that any payments upon the Employee s Separation From Service set forth herein and/or under any other agreement with the Company constitute deferred compensation under Section 409A and the Employee is, on the Employee s Separation From Service, a specified employee of the Company or any successor entity thereto, as such term is defined in Section 409A(a)(2)(B)(i) of the Code, then, solely, to the extent necessary to avoid the incurrence of the adverse personal tax consequences under Section 409A, the timing of the payments upon the Employee s Separation From Service shall be delayed until the earlier to occur of: (a) the date that is six months and one day after the Employee s Separation From Service or (b) the date of the Employee s death (such applicable date, the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date ). On the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date, the Company (or the successor entity thereto, as applicable) shall (A) pay the Employee a lump sum amount equal to the sum of the payments upon the Employee s Separation From Service that the Employee would otherwise have received through the Specified Employee Initial Payment Date if the commencement of the payment of the severance benefits had not been so delayed pursuant to this section and (B) commence paying the balance of the severance benefits in accordance with the applicable payment schedules set forth in this Agreement. 
 If any severance benefits under this Agreement (including the salary and benefit continuation provided herein) are not covered by one or more exemptions from the application of Section 409A and the Release could become effective in the calendar year following the calendar year in which the Employee s Separation From Service occurs, then the latest permitted date on which such Release could become effective and irrevocable in accordance with its terms will be considered the Release Effective Date and the severance benefits shall commence on such date. None of the severance benefits (including the salary and benefit continuation provided herein) will commence or otherwise be delivered prior to the Release Effective Date. Except to the minimum extent that payments must be delayed because the Employee is a specified employee (as described above) or until the effectiveness of the Release, all amounts will be paid as soon as practicable in accordance with the Company s normal payroll practices and no interest will be due on any amounts so deferred. 
 
 10 
 
 9. Parachute Payments. (a) Anything in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding , if any payment or benefit the Employee would receive from the Employer pursuant to this Agreement or otherwise (a Payment would (i) constitute a parachute payment within the meaning of Section 280G of the Code , and (ii) but for this sentence , be subject to the excise tax imposed by Section 4999 of the Code (the Excise Tax , then such Payment shall be equal to the Reduced Amount. The Reduced Amount shall be either (x) the largest portion of the Payment that would result in no portion of the Payment being subject to the Excise Tax or (y) the largest portion of the Payment , up to and including the total Payment , whichever amount , after taking into account all applicable federal , state and local employment taxes , income taxes , and the Excise Tax (all computed at the highest applicable marginal rate) , results in the Employee ' s receipt , on an after-tax basis , of the greater amount of the Payment notwithstanding that all or some portion of the Payment may be subject to the Excise Tax. If a reduction in a Payment is required pursuant to the preceding sentence and the Reduced Amount is determined pursuant to clause (x) of the preceding sentence , the reduction shall occur in the manner (the Reduction Method that results in the greatest economic benefit for Employee. If more than one method of reduction will result in the sameeconomic benefit , the items so reduced will be reduced pro rata (the Pro Rata Reduction Method ). 

(b) Notwithstanding any provision of paragraph (a) to the contrary , if the Reduction Method or the Pro Rata Reduction Method would result in any portion of the Payment being subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code that would not otherwise be subject to taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code , then the Reduction Method and / or the Pro Rata Reduction Method , as the case may be , shall be modified so as to avoid the imposition of taxes pursuant to Section 409A of the Code as follows: (A) as a first priority , the modification shall preserve to the greatest extent possible , the greatest economic benefit for Employee as determined on an after-tax basis; (B) as a second priority , Payments that are contingent on future events (e.g. , being terminated without cause) , shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not contingent on future events; and (C) as a third priority , Payments that are deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code shall be reduced (or eliminated) before Payments that are not deferred compensation within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code. 

(c) The Employer shall appoint a nationally recognized independent accounting firm to make the determinations required hereunder , which accounting firm shall not then be serving as accountant or auditor for the individual , entity or group that effected the Change in Control. The Employer shall bear all expenses with respect to the determinations by such accounting firm required to be made hereunder. 

(d) The accounting firm engaged to make the determinations hereunder shall provide its calculations , together with detailed supporting documentation , to the Employer and the Employee within fifteen (15) calendar days after the date on which the Employee ' s right to a Payment is triggered (if requested at that time by the Employer or the Employee) or such other time as agreed upon by the Employer and the Employee. If the accounting firm determines that no Excise Tax is payable with respect to a Payment , either before or after the application of the Reduced Amount , it shall furnish the Employer and the Employee with an opinion reasonably acceptable to the Employee that no Excise Tax will be imposed with respect to such Payment. The Employer shall be entitled to rely upon the accounting firm ' s determinations , which shall be final and binding on all persons. 

11 
 
 (e) If , notwithstanding any reduction described in this Section 9 , the IRS determines that Employee is liable for the Exci s e Tax as a result of the receipt of the payment of benefits as described above , then Employee shall be obligated to pay back to the Employer , within thirty (30) days after a final IRS determination or in the event that such Employee challenges the final IRS determination , a final judicial determination , a portion of the payment equal to the Repayment Amount. The Repayment Amount with respect to the payment of benefits shall be the smallest such amount , if any , as shall be required to be paid to the Employer so that Employee ' s net after- tax proceeds with respect to any payment of benefits (after taking into account the payment of the Excise Tax and all other applicable taxes imposed on such payment) shall be maximized. The Repayment Amount with respect to the payment of benefits shall be zero if a Repayment Amount of more than zero would not result in Employee ' s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the payment of such benefits being maximized. If the Excise Tax is not eliminated pursuant to this paragraph , Employee shall pay the Excise Tax. 

(f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Section 9 , if (i) there is a reduction in the payment of benefits as described in this section , (ii) the IRS later determines that Employee is liable for the Excise Tax , the payment of which would result in the maximization of Employee's net after-tax proceed s (calculated as if Employee's benefits had not previously been reduced) , and (iii) Employee pays the Excise Tax , then the Employer shall pay to Employee those benefits which were reduced pursuant to this section contemporaneously or as s oon as administratively possible after Employee pays the Excise Tax so that Employee ' s net after-tax proceeds with respect to the payment of benefits is maximized. 

10. Best Efforts of Employee. 

Employee agrees that Employee will at all times faithfully , industriously and to the best of Employee's ability , experience and talents perform all the duties that may berequired of Employee pursuant to the terms hereof , to the reasonable satisfaction of Employer , commensurate with Employee ' s position. Such duties shall be rendered at such place as specified herein and Employee acknowledges that Employee may be required to travel as shall reasonably be required to promote the business of Employer. To the extent reasonably required by the duties assigned to Employee , Employee shall devote substantially all Employee's time , attention , knowledge and skills to the business and interest of Employer and Employer shall be entitled to all the benefits , profits and other issue arising from or incident to all work , service and advice of Employee; provided , however , that Employee shall be permitted to devote a reasonable amount of time to charitable , religious or service organizations. During the Term , unless approved by the Chief Executive Officer of the Employer, Employee shall not be interested , directly or indirectly , in any manner as partner , manager , officer , director , shareholder , member , adviser , consultant , employee or in any other capacity in any other business ; provided , that nothing herein contained shall be deemed to prevent or limit the right of Employee to beneficially own less than 5 of the stock of a corporation traded on a national securities exchange as long as such passive investment does not interfere with or conflict with the performance of services to be rendered hereunder. 
 11. Confidentiality and Covenant Not to Compete. The terms of the Confidentiality , Invention , and Non-Competition Agreement by and between the Employee and Employer dated October 24, 2022 (the Confidentiality Agreement , are hereby incorporated by reference and are a material part of this Agreement. 

12 
 
 12. Indemnification. Before and after the end of the Term, Employer shall indemnify and hold harmless Employee from any cause of action resulting from the performance of Employee's duties under this Agreement to the fullest extent permitted by law. This indemnification shall include all reasonable legal costs incurred by Employee to the extent permitted by law. Employer shall maintain directors and officers liability insurance covering Employee in amounts commensurate with the coverage obtained by similarly situated and sized companies in the same industry. 

13. Successors and Assigns. This Agreement shall inure to the benefit of and be binding upon any corporate or other successor of Employer which may acquire, directly or indirectly, by merger, or consolidation, or which may assume control of Employer, and shall otherwise inure to the benefit of and be binding upon the parties hereto and their respective beneficiaries, executors, administrators, successors and assigns. Upon the death of Employee, any payments or benefits otherwise due to Employee hereunder shall be paid to or be for the benefit of Employee s legal representatives. Nothing in the Agreement shall preclude Employer from consolidating or merging into or with or transferring all or substantially all of its assets or control to another entity. In that event, such other entity shall assume this Agreement and all obligations of Employer hereunder. Upon such a consolidation, merger, or transfer of assets and assumption, the terms Employer and Company as used herein, shall mean such other entity and this Agreement shall continue in full force and effect. 

14. Miscellaneous. 

(a) This Agreement shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of the state in which the headquarters of Employer is located without regard toconflicts of law principles thereof. 

(b) Except as otherwise specified in this Agreement, this Agreement constitutes the entire Agreement between Employee and Employer with respect to the subject matter hereof , and supersedes in their entirety any and all prior oral or written agreements , understandings or arrangements between Employee and Employer or any of its affiliates relating to the terms of Employee ' s employment by Employer , and all such agreements , understandings and arrangements are hereby terminated and are of no force and effect. Employee hereby expressly disclaims any rights under any such agreements , understandings and arrangements. This Agreement may not be amended or terminated except by an agreement in writing signed by both parties. 

(c) This Agreement may be executed in two or more counterparts , each of which shall be deemed and original and all of which , taken together , shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

13 
 
 (d) Any notice or other communication required or permitted under this Agreement shall be effective only if it is in writing and delivered in person or by nationally recognized overnight courier service or deposited in the mails , postage prepaid , return receipt requested , addressed as follows: 

To Employer: 

SCYNEXIS , Inc. 

1 Evertrust Plaza, 13 th Floor Jersey City, NJ 07302 

Attn: Chief Executive Officer 

To Employee: 

Ivor Christian McIntosh Macleod 

At the then current address contained in Employee ' s personnel file Notices given in person or by overnight courier service shall be deemed given when delivered in person or the day after delivery to the courier addressed to the address required by this Section 13(d) , and notices given by mail shall be deemed given three days after deposit in the mails. Any party hereto may designate by written notice to the other party in accordance herewith any other address to which notices addressed to the other party shall be sent. 
 (e) The provisions of this Agreement shall be deemed severable, and the invalidity or unenforceability of any provision shall not affect the validity or enforceability of the other provisions hereof. It is understood and agreed that no failure or delay by Employer or Employee in exercising any right , power or privilege under this Agreement shall operate as a waiver thereof , nor shall any single or partial exercise thereof preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right , power or privilege hereunder. 

(f) This Agreement may not be assigned by Employee without the writtenconsent of Employer. Any attempted assignment in contravention of this provision shall be null and void. This Agreement shall be binding on any successors or assigns of either party hereto. 

(g) For purposes of this Agreement , employment of Employee by any affiliate of Employer shall be deemed to be employment by Employer hereunder , and a transfer of employment of Employee from one such affiliate to another shall not be deemed to be a termination of employment of Employee by Employer or a cessation of the Term , it being the intention of the parties hereto that employment of Employee by any affiliate of Employer shall be treated as employment by Employer and that the provisions of this Agreement shall continue to be fully applicable following any such transfer; provided that such arrangement shall not release the Employer from any obligation, duty or liability to Employee hereunder. Notwithstanding the above , the parties hereby confirm that a relocation of Employee or Employer's principal executive offices if Employee's principal office is at such offices , to a location more than sixty (60) miles from the location at which Employee is then performing his duties , except for an opportunity to relocate which is accepted by Employee in writing , shall constitute a Good Reason as set forth in Section 7(e)(ii) herein. 

14 
 
 (h) The respective rights and obligations of the parties hereunder shall survive any termination of the Term or Employee's employment with Employer to the extent necessary to preserve such rights and obligations for their stated durations. 

(i) The undersigned agrees that any dispute or controversy arising out of, relating to, or concerning any interpretation, construction, performance or breach of this Agreement, (except for disputes arising under the terms of the Confidentiality, Inventions and Non- Competition Agreement referenced in Section 11 hereof, which Agreement separately provides for an arbitration process), shall be settled by arbitration in the State in which the company headquarter is located to be held in accordance with the Employment Dispute Resolution Rules then in effect of the American Arbitration Association. The arbitrator may grant injunctions or other relief in such dispute or controversy. The decision of the arbitrator shall be final, conclusive and binding on the parties to the arbitration. Judgment may be entered on the arbitrator s decision in any court having jurisdiction. Company and the undersigned shall each pay their own respective attorneys fees and one-half of the costs and expenses of such arbitration. This arbitration clause constitutes a waiver of the undersigned s right to a jury trial and relates to the resolution of all disputes relating to all aspects of the employer/employee relationship (except for disputes arising under the terms of the Confidentiality, Inventions and Non-Competition Agreement referenced in Section 11 hereof, which Agreement separately provides for an arbitration process), including, but not limited to, the following claims: (a) any and all claims for wrongful discharge of employment; breach of contract, both express and implied; breach of the covenant of good faith and fair dealing, both express and implied; negligent or intentional infliction of emotional distress; negligent or intentional misrepresentation; negligent or intentional interference with contract or prospective economic advantage; and defamation; (b) any and all claims for violation of any federal, state or municipal statute, including, but not limited to, Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, the Civil Rights Act of 1991, the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967, the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990, the Fair Labor Standards Act, and Labor Code Section 201, et seq. ; and (c) any and all claims arising out of any other laws and regulations relating to employment or employment discrimination. 

(j) Employee represents and warrants to Employer that Employee is not subject to any employment, noncompetition or other similar agreement with a former employer or otherwise that would prevent or interfere with the Employee s employment on the terms set forth herein. 

[THE NEXT PAGE IS THE SIGNATURE PAGE] 
 
 15 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have executed this Agreement. 

SCYNEXIS, INC. 

By: 
 /s/ Marco Taglietti 

Name: 
 Marco Taglietti, M.D. 

Title: 
 Chief Executive Officer 

EMPLOYEE: 
 /s/ Ivor Macleod 
 Ivor Macleod 

16 

</EX-10>

<EX-23>
 5
 scyx-ex23_1.htm
 EX-23.1

EX-23 

Exhibit 23.1 
 CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in Registration Statement Nos. 333-230449, 333-248751,333-251851, and 333-259300 on Form S-3 and Registration Statement Nos. 333-196007, 333-201048, 333-202830, 333-204770, 333-204771, 333-209997, 333-216652, 333-223624, 333-230278, 333-233804, 333-237077, 333-254831, 333-255967, 333-263962, and 333-268299 on Form S-8 of our report dated March 31, 2023, relating to the financial statements of SCYNEXIS, Inc. appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SCYNEXIS, Inc., for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 /s/ DELOITTE TOUCHE LLP 
 
 Morristown, New Jersey 
 March 31, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 6
 scyx-ex31_1.htm
 EX-31.1

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.1 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, David Angulo, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of SCYNEXIS, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ David Angulo, M.D. 

David Angulo, M.D. Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-31>
 7
 scyx-ex31_2.htm
 EX-31.2

EX-31 

Exhibit 31.2 
 CERTIFICATIONS 
 I, Ivor Macleod, certify that: 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Form 10-K of SCYNEXIS, Inc.; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

/s/ Ivor Macleod 

Ivor Macleod Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 8
 scyx-ex32_1.htm
 EX-32.1

EX-32 

Exhibit 32.1 
 CERTIFICATION 
 Pursuant to the requirement set forth in Rule 13a-14(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), and Section 1350 of Chapter 63 of Title 18 of the United States Code (18 U.S.C. 1350), David Angulo, Chief Executive Officer of SCYNEXIS, Inc. (the Company ), and Ivor Macleod, Chief Financial Officer of the Company, each hereby certifies that, to the best of his knowledge: 
 1. The Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the period ended December 31, 2022, to which this Certification is attached as Exhibit 32.1 (the Periodic Report ), fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act, and 

2. The information contained in the Periodic Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

In Witness Whereof, the undersigned have set their hands hereto as of March 30, 2023. 

/s/ David Angulo, M.D. 

/s/ Ivor Macleod 

David Angulo, M.D. Chief Executive Officer Principal Executive Officer 

Ivor Macleod Chief Financial Officer Principal Financial Officer 

This certification accompanies the Form 10-K to which it relates, is not deemed filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission and is not to be incorporated by reference into any filing of SCYNEXIS, Inc. under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (whether made before or after the date of the Form 10-K), irrespective of any general incorporation language contained in such filing. 

</EX-32>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 scyx-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 scyx-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.SCH>
 12
 scyx-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 scyx-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.CAL>
 14
 scyx-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

