<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230223_10-K_edgar_data_1463913_0001437749-23-004355.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>8872191</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>170127</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1421944</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3136267</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1861428</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2008804</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>10</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001437749-23-004355.hdr.sgml : 20230223
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230223144411
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001437749-23-004355
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		84
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230223
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230223

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			US Alliance Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001463913
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	LIFE INSURANCE [6311]
		IRS NUMBER:				264824142
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			KS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-55627
		FILM NUMBER:		23659010

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4123 SW GAGE CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			TOPEKA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66604
		BUSINESS PHONE:		816-460-5807

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		4123 SW GAGE CENTER DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 240
		CITY:			TOPEKA
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66604

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	U. S. Alliance Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090512

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001437749-23-004355.txt : 20230223

10-K
 1
 usac20221231_10k.htm
 FORM 10-K

usac20221231_10k.htm 

Table of Contents 
 
 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 WASHINGTON, D.C. 20549 

FORM 
 Annual Report Pursuant to Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 or 
 Transition Report Pursuant to Section 13 of 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 
 For the transition period from ________ to __________ 
 Commission File Number 

US ALLIANCE CORPORATION 

State of Incorporation IRS Employer Identification Number 
 
 , ) 
 Address, including zip code, of principal executive offices Registrant's telephone number, including area code 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 
 Indicate by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant's knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 As of February 21, 2023 the aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common equity held by non-affiliates of US Alliance could not be calculated as no established public trading market for our equity exists. 

Table of Contents 

Applicable only to registrants involved in bankruptcy proceedings during the preceding five years 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed all documents and reports required to be filed by Section 12, 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 subsequent to the distribution of securities under a plan confirmed by a court. Yes No 
 
 established public trading market for our common stock currently exists. As of February 13, 2023, shares of our common stock were outstanding. 
 Documents Incorporated By Reference 
 
 Information required by Part III of this Annual Report on Form 10-K is incorporated by reference to portions of our definitive proxy statement for our 2023 annual meeting of stockholders which we will file with the Securities and Exchange Commission within 120 days after the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 12 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 12 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 12 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 12 

PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 12 

Item 6. 
 Selected Financial Data 
 13 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 14 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative And Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 27 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 27 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 27 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 27 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 27 

PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 28 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 28 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 28 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions and Director Independence 
 28 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 28 

PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 29 

Exhibit Index 
 29 

Signatures 
 33 

i

Table of Contents 

CAUTIONARY STATEMENT REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report, and the Annual Report to Shareholders of which this report is a part, contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of the U.S. federal securities laws. You can identify forward-looking statements by words such as anticipates, intends, plans, seeks, believes, estimates, expects, projects, may, will or should, or the negative or other variation of these or similar words, or by discussions of strategy or risks and uncertainties, and similar references to future periods. 
 
 We base these and other forward-looking statements on our current expectations and assumptions regarding our business, the economy and other future conditions; however, our actual results may differ materially from those contemplated by the forward-looking statements. We caution you, therefore, that you should not rely on any of these forward-looking statements as statements of historical fact or as guarantees or assurances of future performance. Forward-looking statements, which by their nature relate to the future, are subject to inherent uncertainties, risks and changes in circumstances which we cannot easily predict. Important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially and adversely from those in the forward-looking statements include regional, national or global political, economic, business, competitive, market and regulatory, and health conditions. 
 
 Any forward-looking statement made by us in this report speaks only as of the date of this report. Factors or events that could cause our actual results to differ may emerge from time to time, and it is not possible for us to predict all of them. We undertake no obligation to publicly update any forward-looking statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments or otherwise. 

ii

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. 
 BUSINESS. 

Overview and History - US Alliance Corporation ("USAC") was formed as a Kansas corporation on April 24, 2009 to raise capital to form a new Kansas-based life insurance company. Our offices are located at 1303 SW First American Place, Suite 200, Topeka, Kansas 66604. Our telephone number is 785-228-0200 and our website address is www.usalliancecorporation.com . 
 
 USAC has five wholly-owned operating subsidiaries. US Alliance Life and Security Company ("USALSC") was incorporated June 9, 2011, to serve as our life insurance company. US Alliance Marketing Corporation ("USAMC") was incorporated April 23, 2012, to serve as a marketing resource. US Alliance Investment Corporation ("USAIC") was incorporated April 23, 2012 to serve as investment manager for USAC and its subsidiaries. Dakota Capital Life Insurance Company DCLIC ), was acquired on August 1, 2017 when USAC merged with Northern Plains Capital Corporation NPCC ). US Alliance Life and Security Company - Montana ("USALSC-Montana"), was acquired December 14, 2018. Both DCLIC and USALSC-Montana are wholly-owned subsidiaries of USALSC. Unless the context otherwise indicates, references in this registration statement to "we", "us", "our", or the "Company" refer collectively to USAC and its subsidiaries. 
 
 We initially capitalized our subsidiaries with proceeds from intrastate public offering(s) registered by qualification with the office of Kansas Securities Commissioner. 
 
 USALSC received a Certificate of Authority from the Kansas Insurance Department ("KID") effective January 2, 2012, and sold its first insurance product on May 1, 2013. USALSC currently offers the following eight product categories: 

Solid Solutions Term Life Series , Registered Trademark No. 4,740,828. This simplified issue term life insurance product is designed to provide coverage with a face value of 250,000 or less. This product features limited underwriting and is offered with 10, 20, 25, and 30 year terms. 

Sound Solutions Term Life Series , Registered Trademark No. 4,740,827. This is a fully underwritten term life insurance product designed to provide coverage for higher face amounts. This product features multiple risk classifications and is offered with 15, 20, 25 and 30 year terms. 

Pioneer Whole Life. This is a traditional whole life insurance product designed to provide permanent coverage with a limited premium paying period. This product is sold with death benefits typically ranging from 25,000 to 100,000. 

Legacy Juvenile Series , Registered Trademark No. 4,577,835. This product is term life insurance to age 25 available for purchase on children up to the age of 16 in an amount of 10,000 or 20,000 with a one-time premium payment. 

American Annuity Series , Registered Trademark No. 4,582,074. This product is a flexible premium deferred annuity with initial rates guaranteed for five years by company practice. 

Thoughtful Pre-Need Series , Registered Trademark No. 4,620,073. This series of products includes a single or multiple pay premium pre-need whole life insurance policy sold by funeral directors who are licensed by the KID in conjunction with a preplanned funeral. This product is typically sold with smaller death benefits than our traditional Pioneer Whole Life. 

Group Products. This is a series of group non-medical insurance products developed for the small group marketplace. These products are sold to employers and provide benefits for their employees. Our group suite of products includes group term life insurance, group long term disability, and group short term disability. 

1

Table of Contents 

Critical Illness. This individual policy provides cash benefits to the insured should certain defined illnesses or injuries occur. 

DCLIC received a Certificate of Authority from the North Dakota Insurance Department ("NDID") effective January 24, 2012. DCLIC currently offers the following eight product categories: 

Prairie Term Life Series , Registered Trademark No. 5,266,633. This series of products includes a simplified issue term life insurance product is designed to provide coverage with a face value of 250,000 or less and a fully underwritten term life insurance product designed to provide coverage for higher face amounts. 

Accumulator Whole Life. This is a hybrid product featuring a limited pay whole life insurance policy and a flexible premium deferred annuity rider. 

Frontier Whole Life. This is a traditional whole life insurance product designed to provide permanent coverage with a limited premium paying period. This product is sold with death benefits typically ranging from 25,000 to 100,000. 

Little Missouri Juvenile Series , Registered Trademark No. 5,271,811. This product is term life insurance to age 25 available for purchase on children up to the age of 16 in an amount of 10,000 or 20,000 with a one-time premium payment. 

Badlands Annuity Series , Registered Trademark No. 5,266,632. This product is a flexible premium deferred annuity with initial rates guaranteed for five years by company practice. 

Peace Garden Pre-Need Series , Registered Trademark No. 5,271,810. This series of products includes a single or multiple pay premium pre-need whole life insurance policy sold by funeral directors who are licensed by the NDID in conjunction with a preplanned funeral. This product is typically sold with smaller death benefits than our traditional Frontier Whole Life. 

Dakota Group Series , Registered Trademark No. 5,402,079. This is a series of group non-medical insurance products developed for the small group marketplace. These products are sold to employers and provide benefits for their employees. Our group suite of products includes group term life insurance, group long term disability, and group short term disability. 

Critical Illness. This individual policy provides cash benefits to the insured should certain defined illnesses or injuries occur. 

USALSC-Montana is not marketing products at this time. 
 
 Our single pay life products (which include our Juvenile and Pre-Need products) accounted for 62 of 2022 direct premium revenue. Our individual life and Critical Illness products (which include Term Life and Whole Life products) accounted for 21 of 2022 direct premium revenue. Our group products accounted for 17 of 2022 direct written premiums. 
 
 USALSC and DCLIC seek opportunities to develop and market additional products. 
 
 Our business model also seeks the acquisition by USAC and/or its subsidiaries of other insurance and insurance related companies, including third-party administrators, marketing organizations, and rights to blocks of insurance business through reinsurance or other transactions. 
 
 Material Agreements and Partners - Effective January 1, 2013, USALSC entered into a reinsurance agreement with Unified Life Insurance Company ULIC to assume 20 of a certain block of health insurance policies. This agreement renews annually unless either party provides written notice of its intent not to renew at least 120 days prior to the expiration of the then-current term. The agreement provides for monthly settlement. For the year ended December 31, 2022, USALSC assumed premiums of 4,216,484. 

2

Table of Contents 

On September 1, 2015, USALSC entered into an agreement to provide certain insurance administrative functions, data processing systems, daily operational services, management consulting, and marketing development to DCLIC. This agreement had an initial term of 60 months (beginning on September 1, 2015), continues month to month after the initial 60 month period, and requires 90-day advance written notice to terminate. In addition, the agreement requires that certain products will be exclusively administered by USALSC and administrative services with respect to such products may not be transferred without our consent. The agreement provides for monthly settlement. On August 1, 2017, DCLIC became a wholly-owned subsidiary of USALSC as described below. Subsequent to the acquisition of DCLIC, this agreement became an intra-company agreement and is eliminated as a part of the consolidation of the financial statements of the companies. 
 
 On August 1, 2017 the Company acquired NPCC pursuant to a Plan and Agreement of Merger dated May 23, 2017, under which Alliance Merger Sub, Inc. Acquisition ), a wholly owned subsidiary of the Company, merged with and into Northern Plains Merger with Acquisition being the surviving company. Pursuant to the agreement, the Company exchanged .5841 shares of the Company s common stock for each share of Northern Plains common stock, or 1,644,458 shares. Subsequent to the merger, Acquisition was merged into the Company and DCLIC was contributed to USALSC. 
 
 On September 30, 2017, USALSC entered into a coinsurance agreement with American Life and Security Corporation ("ALSC to assume 100 of a certain block of life insurance policies (the 2017 ALSC Agreement ). USALSC is also the servicer of this block of policies. USALSC paid a ceding commission of 1,850,000 and received 7,153,663 from ALSC. The 2017 ALSC Agreement will remain in effect until all liabilities associated with this block of policies have been satisfied. 
 
 On December 31, 2020, USALSC and ALSC agreed to terminate a portion of the 2017 ALSC Agreement, pursuant to an amendment to the 2017 ALSC Agreement. USALSC transferred assets of 9,282,836 and received a ceding commission of 927,000. 
 
 On December 14, 2018, USALSC acquired Great Western Life Insurance Company ("GWLIC") pursuant to a Stock Purchase agreement entered into on October 11, 2018 with Great Western Insurance Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of American Enterprise Group, Inc. USALSC paid 500,000 to acquire all outstanding shares of GWLIC. Subsequent to the acquisition, GWLIC was renamed US Alliance Life and Security Company Montana. 
 
 On April 15, 2020, with an effective date of January 1, 2020, USALSC entered into a second coinsurance agreement with ALSC (the 2020 ALSC Agreement to assume a quota share percentage of a block of annuity policies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had assumed 52.3 million in annuity deposits under the 2020 ALSC Agreement. 
 
 On December 31, 2020, DCLIC entered into an assumption agreement with ALSC where it acquired a certain block of life insurance policies (the ALSC Assumption Agreement ). Under the ALSC Assumption Agreement, DCLIC becomes directly liable to the policyholders of this block of business. DCLIC received assets equaling 9,282,836 and paid a ceding commission of 927,000 to ALSC. 
 
 USAC uses the actuarial firm of Miller Newberg to provide valuation, pricing and illustration actuarial services for USALSC and DCLIC. 
 
 Investments USAC and USAIC contracted in 2013 with New England Asset Management, Inc. NEAM ), a Berkshire Hathaway subsidiary, to manage the investments of USALSC and a portion of the investments of USAC. USALSC, DCLIC and USALSC-Montana have investment management agreements with USAIC, who has a sub-advisory agreement with NEAM. DCLIC was added to this agreement on August 1, 2017 and USALSC-Montana was added to this agreement on December 14, 2018. The investment parameters are determined by Kansas law, the KID, the NDID, and the Montana Insurance Department, as well as the internal investment policies of USALSC, DCLIC, USALSC-Montana and USAC. 
 
 As a part of its 2020 ALSC Agreement, USALSC contracted with 1505 Capital LLC 1505 Capital to provide investment services on the assets, including mortgage loan participations, supporting this agreement. 

3

Table of Contents 

USAC internally manages a portfolio of equities within its investment policy guidelines (as modified from time to time, "Investment Policy"), which consider type of investments and investment instruments, and establishes diversification benchmarks to help manage investment risk. USAC's investment in its subsidiaries is managed outside of its Investment Policy. 
 
 The USAC Investment Policy may be modified by USAC's Board of Directors (the "Board" or "Board of Directors") in compliance with applicable law. 
 
 The following summarizes USAC s Investment Policy, effective September 13, 2018 as amended: 

Approved Investment Instruments. We may invest in the following approved investment classes in accordance with the restrictions and subject to the benchmark ranges set forth in our Investment Policy and described below: 

United States Government Securities bonds or other evidences of indebtedness that are fully guaranteed or insured by the U.S. Government or any agency or instrumentality thereof. 

Securities of the District of Columbia, State, Insular or Territorial Possession Government of the United States bonds or other evidences of indebtedness, without limitation, of the District of Columbia, State, or any political subdivision of such, or Insular or Territorial Possession of the United States. 

Canadian Government, Provincial and Municipal Obligations bonds or other evidences of indebtedness issued by the Dominion of Canada, or by any Province thereof, or by any municipality, agency or instrumentality thereof. 

Fixed Income Obligations bonds or other evidence of indebtedness issued, assumed or guaranteed by a corporation. 

Equity Interests - preferred stocks, common stocks, mutual funds, exchange traded funds, master limited partnerships and other securities representing equity ownership interests in a corporation, provided that we may not own more than 2 of any corporation, mutual fund, exchange traded fund, master limited partnership or other equity security. 

Real Estate - real estate for use in the operations of the Company, which we refer to as "Home Office Real Estate," or for the production of income. We may also invest in shares of beneficial interest in or obligations issued by a Real Estate Investment Trust qualified under pertinent sections of the United States Internal Revenue Code. 

Mortgage Loans - first-lien mortgage loans on commercial or residential property with loan to value of no greater than 80 at the time of purchase. 

Mortgage - Backed Securities - mortgage-backed securities issued by the Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation (Freddie Mac), Federal National Mortgage Association (Fannie Mae), or a private entity. Any such securities must be rated investment grade by Moody's, S P or Fitch. 

Asset-Backed Securities - asset-backed securities designated as investment grade by Moody's, S P or Fitch or the equivalent rating by another nationally recognized statistical rating organization. 

Certificates of Deposit, Time Deposits, Overnight Bank Deposits, Banker's Acceptances and Repurchase Agreements - certificates of deposit, time deposits, overnight bank deposits, banker's acceptances issued by federally insured banks with maturities of 270 days or less from the date of acquisition, repurchase agreements with acceptable collateral and maturities of 270 days or less from date of acquisition. 

4

Table of Contents 

Commercial Paper - commercial paper of US corporations that are rated at least "A-2" by S P or "P-2" by Moody's or the equivalent rating of another nationally recognized statistical rating organization if S P or Moody's cease publishing ratings of these securities, and have maturities of 270 days or less from the date of acquisition. 

Money Market Accounts or Funds - money market accounts or funds that meet the following criteria: 

A substantial portion of the assets of the money market account or fund must be comprised of certain qualifying investments instruments; 

Issuers of the fund or account's investments must have a combined capital and surplus in excess of 500,000,000; 

Maturities of 270 days or less from the date of acquisition; 

Have net assets of not less than 500,000,000; and 

Have the highest rating available of S P, Moody's, or Fitch, or carry an equivalent rating by a nationally recognized statistical rating organization if the named rating agencies cease publishing ratings of investments. 

Diversification. Our portfolio is constructed to diversify risk with respect to asset class, geographical location, quality, maturity, business sector and individual issuer and issue concentrations. 

Benchmarks. We benchmark the allocation of our investments based on the criteria set forth in the table below to help assure our investments are appropriately diversified. The benchmarks may change to respond to market conditions. Based on market conditions and other considerations, investments in the approved investment instruments described are maintained in the following ranges: 

of Portfolio Cost Value 

Asset Class 
 
 Minimum 

Maximum 

Cash/Short Term 

0 

100 

Investment Grade Fixed Income 

20 

100 

High Yield Fixed Income 

0 

15 

Equity 

0 

50 

Mortgage and Mortgage related 

0 

50 

Real Estate (including REITs) 

0 

20 

The Executive Committee of our Board of Directors may modify the above benchmark ranges at any time deemed appropriate based on current conditions. Any such modifications will be subject to approval by the full Board of Directors at its next regularly scheduled meeting. USALSC's, DCLIC s, and USALSC-Montana s investment policy, as a regulated insurance entity, contains additional investment limitations as required by law. 

Reporting. The President, CEO, or their respective designees provide monthly reports to the Board of Directors reflecting the securities purchased and sold during the quarter, securities held at the end of the quarter, current benchmarks and an overall evaluation of the portfolio's investment performance. 

5

Table of Contents 

Marketing and Distribution - USALSC and DCLIC use independent consultants and referrals to market their products and build distribution channels among funeral homes, banks, accountants, independent insurance agencies, agents, insurance brokerage firms, business owners and other distribution channels as opportunities arise. USALSC and DCLIC works with other insurance companies who have captive or non-captive agents to broaden their product offerings. 
 
 Employees - As of December 31, 2022, USAC and its subsidiaries have eleven full-time employees and three part-time employees. 
 
 Reports to Security Holders - We provide reports to our stockholders, along with our audited year-end financial statements. In addition, all periodic reports and other information we file with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC are available for inspection and copying at the public reference facilities of the Securities and Exchange Commission located at 100 F Street N E, Washington, D C 20549. 
 
 Copies of such material may be obtained by mail from the Public Reference Section of the Securities and Exchange Commission, 100 F Street, N E, Washington, D.C. 20549, at prescribed rates. 
 
 Information on the operation of the Public Reference Room may be obtained by calling the SEC at l-800-SEC-0330. In addition, the Commission maintains a World Wide Website on the Internet at: http://www.sec.gov that contains reports, proxy and information statements and other information regarding registrants that file electronically with the SEC. You may also find this information on our website (http://www.usalliancecorporation.com). 
 
 Implications of Emerging Growth Company Status - As a company with less than 1 billion in revenue in our last fiscal year, we are defined as an emerging growth company under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups JOBS Act. We will retain emerging growth company status until the earliest of: 
 
 The last day of the fiscal year during which our annual revenues are equal to or exceed 1 billion; 
 
 The last day of the fiscal year following the fifth anniversary of our first sale of common stock pursuant to a registration statement filed under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ); 
 
 The date on which we have issued more than 1 billion in nonconvertible debt in a previous three-year period; or 
 
 The date on which we qualify as a large accelerated filer under Rule 12b-2 adopted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act (i.e., an issuer with a public float of 700 million that has been filing reports with the SEC under the Exchange Act for at least 12 months). 
 
 As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of specified reduced disclosure and other requirements that are otherwise applicable generally to SEC reporting companies. For so long as we remain an emerging growth company we will not be required to: 
 
 Comply with any requirement that may be adopted by the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board regarding mandatory audit firm rotation or a supplement to the auditor s report providing additional information about the audit and the financial statements (i.e., an auditor discussion and analysis); 
 
 Submit certain executive compensation matters to stockholder non-binding advisory votes; 
 
 Submit for stockholder approval golden parachute payments not previously approved; 
 
 Disclose certain executive compensation related items, as we will be subject to the scaled disclosure requirements of a smaller reporting company with respect to executive compensation disclosure. 

6

Table of Contents 

Our emerging growth company status ended as of the last day our fiscal year 2022. 
 
 Pursuant to Section 107(b) of the JOBS Act, we have elected to use the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards under Section 102(b)(2) of The JOBS Act. This election allows us to delay the adoption of new or revised accounting standards that have different effective dates for public and private companies until those standards apply to private companies. As a result, our financial statements may not be comparable to companies that comply with public company effective dates. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that our decision to opt into the extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards is irrevocable. 
 
 Because the worldwide market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates, or public float, is below 250 million, we are also a smaller reporting company as defined under the Exchange Act. Some of the foregoing reduced disclosure and other requirements are also available to us because we are a smaller reporting company and may continue to be available to us even after we are no longer an emerging growth company under the JOBS Act but remain a smaller reporting company under the Exchange Act. As a smaller reporting company we are not required to: 
 
 Have an auditor report on our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act; and 
 
 Present more than two years of audited financial statements in our registration statements and annual reports on Form 10-K and present any selected financial data in such registration statements and annual reports. 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS. 

Risks Associated with an Investment in USAC Stock 
 
 We face many significant risks in the operating of our business and may face significant unforeseen risks as well. Our significant material risks are set forth below: 
 
 SHARE OWNERSHIP RISK - An investment in our voting common stock is speculative. Shares of our voting common stock constitute a high-risk investment in a developing business that has accumulated losses to date. No assurance or guaranty can be given that any of the potential benefits envisioned by our business plan will prove to be available to our stockholders, nor can any assurance or guaranty be given as to the actual amount of financial return, if any, which may result from ownership of our voting Common Stock. The entire value of the shares of USAC Common Stock may be lost. 
 
 OPERATING RISK - We faced the risks inherent in our a business, including limited capital, challenging product markets, lack of significant revenues, as well as competition from better capitalized and more seasoned companies. We have no control over general economic conditions, competitors products or their pricing, customer demand, costs of marketing or advertising and hacking of our administrative systems. While we have been profitable 3 of the last 4 years, there can be no assurance that our insurance operations will be successful. The likelihood of any success must be considered in light of our history of operations with the accumulated operating losses to date. These risks make it difficult to accurately predict our future revenues or results of operations. Recent changes to accounting guidance have increased the volatility of our operating results. As a result, our financial results fluctuate. The Company evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers to minimize its exposure to losses from reinsurer insolvencies. Management believes that any liabilities arising from this contingency would not be material to the Company s financial position. 
 
 BREACH OF INTERNAL CONTROLS/FRAUD Internal controls are established on all aspects of the business. If internal controls are breached, fraud, incorrect payment of funds, incorrect claim processing, or other material issues within the Company could result. Fraud from internal or external sources will hurt profitability and strain and limit financial resources needed for company to grow. 

7

Table of Contents 

CYBER ATTACK A variety of cyber attacks can leave the Company vulnerable to loss or theft of data, systems shutdown and a large-scale timeframe of being unable to conduct business related activities. 
 
 DEFICIENCY OF INTERNAL CONTROLS OVER FINANCIAL REPORTING A deficiency of internal controls could leave assets vulnerable from accidental loss or loss from fraud. The integrity of the information used to make accurate business decisions could be compromised and could lead to being not in compliance with many federal, state and local laws and regulations affecting the operation of the business. 
 
 STRUCTURAL RISK/SYSTEMS RISK The loss of primary, secondary and back-up power systems at office or at cloud data facilities, failure of networking devices, file servers, server crashes or undiagnosed errors masked by automated failure detection systems can lead to catastrophic failure of core systems and large scale downtime events. 
 
 REINSURANCE RELATIONSHIP RISK The Company relies upon its reinsurers to provide expertise, financial strength, and growth opportunities and they play a key role in the success of the Company. The loss of a key reinsurance relationship could impact the future success of the Company. 
 
 LIQUIDITY RISK While USAC is considered a public company by the SEC, there is no public market for USAC Common Stock, and there is no assurance that one will develop or be sustained, or that USAC Common Stock will become publicly traded. As noted in the 2015 prospectus and subsequent post-effective amendments which have been filed with the office of the Security Commissioners in Kansas, it may be difficult to sell shares of USAC Common Stock. Our securities are not listed for trading on any national securities exchange nor are bid or asked quotations reported in any over-the-counter quotation service and we do not intend to seek any such listing in the foreseeable future. 
 
 PROFITABILITY - As is common among small life insurance companies, we have historically incurred significant losses. As of December 31, 2022 we had a consolidated accumulated deficit of 11.8 million. These losses were attributable primarily to costs of administration, volatility in net investment gains and losses, the substantial costs of writing new life insurance (which are deferred and amortized in accordance with our deferred acquisition policy) and include first year commissions payable to insurance agents, medical and investigation expenses as well as other expenses incidental to the issuance of new policies as well as with the reserves required to be established for each policy. However, the Company was profitable in 2019, 2020 and 2021. 
 
 DIVIDENDS - We have not paid a cash dividend on USAC Common Stock and we do not anticipate paying a cash dividend in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain available funds to be used in the expansion of operations. The success of any investment in USAC Common Stock will depend upon any future appreciation in its value which depends upon the success of our life insurance subsidiaries. We cannot guarantee that our common stock will appreciate in value or achieve or maintain a value equal to the price at which shares were purchased. Further, a market may never develop to sell shares of USAC Common Stock. 
 
 CAPITAL RISK - The law requires adequate capital and surplus calculated in accordance with statutory accounting principles prescribed by state insurance regulatory authorities to meet regulatory requirements. The amount of capital and surplus required is based on certain risk-based capital standards established by statute and regulation and administered by regulators. The risk-based capital system establishes a framework for evaluating the adequacy of the minimum amount of capital and surplus, calculated in accordance with statutory accounting principles, necessary for an insurance company to support its overall business operations. If we fail to maintain required capital levels, our ability to conduct business would be compromised. 
 
 DILUTION RISK - We continue to have additional offerings of our securities to raise additional capital to fund our growth. In February, 2010, we filed a prospectus with the Kansas Securities Commission to register shares of USAC Common Stock and warrants to purchase USAC Common Stock. In February 2015, we filed a Prospectus with the Kansas Securities Commission to register the common stock to be issued upon the exercise of the warrants, and in January 2016, filed a Supplement to the Prospectus to register an additional 1,500,000 shares of USAC Common Stock. This offering has been renewed annually by post-effective amendments to the original 2015 offering. We also commenced a private placement of USAC Common Stock in North Dakota in 2017. Any additional offerings of USAC securities that we may conduct in the future will reduce the ownership percentage of existing shareholders and be accretive to existing stockholder book value. 
 
 KEY EXECUTIVE RISK - The loss of services from a key executive could have a material adverse effect on our ability to execute our business plan. This could hamper profitability, response time, productivity, image, reputation and confidence. USAC has entered into employment agreements with its principal executive officer and principal officer, but such agreements cannot guarantee that such officers may not separate from the Company during the terms of their respective employment agreements or thereafter. The death or disability of either of our executive officers would also have an adverse effect on the Company. 

8

Table of Contents 

SEC REGISTRATION - USAC is a public company as defined by the Securities and Exchange Commission. As such, we incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses under the Exchange Act and the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, as well as rules subsequently implemented by the SEC. These rules impose various requirements on public companies, including requiring establishment and maintenance of effective disclosure and financial controls and appropriate corporate governance practices. Our management and other personnel are required to devote a substantial amount of time to these compliance requirements. Moreover, these rules and regulations increase our legal and financial compliance costs and are time-consuming and costly. 
 
 EMERGING GROWTH COMPANY - We are an emerging growth company, as defined in the JOBS Act. We will remain an emerging growth company until the end of fiscal year 2022. As an emerging growth company, we are not required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements of section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, we have reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and we are exempt from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. 
 
 Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private companies, we, as an emerging growth company, will not adopt the new or revised standard until the time private companies are required to adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 
 
 POTENTIAL ACQUISITION RISK - In addition to our organic growth, we pursue strategic acquisitions of insurance related companies that meet our acquisition criteria. However, suitable acquisition candidates may not be available on terms and conditions that are economically beneficial to us. In pursuing acquisitions, we compete with other companies, who may have greater financial and other resources than us. Further, if we succeed in consummating acquisitions, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be negatively affected. 

An acquired business may not achieve anticipated revenues, earnings or cash flows; 

We may assume liabilities that were not disclosed or exceed estimates; 

We may be unable to integrate acquired businesses successfully and realize anticipated economic, operational and other benefits in a timely manner; 

Acquisitions could disrupt our on-going business, distract our management and divert our financial and human resources; 

We may experience difficulties operating in markets in which we have no or only limited direct experience; and 

There is the potential for loss of customers and key employees of any acquired company. 

MARKETING STRATEGY RISK - Premium written depends primarily on our products, product pricing and ability to choose and timely and adequately train and motivate agents, producers, and brokers to sell our products. 
 
 Large life companies who have greater financial resources, longer business histories, and who may have more products present significant competition to smaller insurance companies. These larger companies also generally have large distribution capabilities which makes it difficult to build our company. 
 
 Independent agents are not required to sell the Company s products and are free to sell products from other licensed companies. We are committed to working to educate and incentivize independent agents to sell our products. 

9

Table of Contents 

THE COMPANY S INVESTMENTS ARE SUBJECT TO MARKET AND CREDIT RISKS - Our invested assets, are subject to customary risks of credit defaults and changes in fair value. Factors that may affect the overall default rate on and fair value of the Company s invested assets include interest rate levels and changes, availability and cost of liquidity, financial market performance, and general economic conditions. 
 
 NO INSURANCE RATING RISK USACSC, DCLIC, and USALSC-Montana have not been rated by a rating agency. The lack of a rating could result in loss of faith from producers, E O carriers and consumers seeking products from a rated company, as well as a negative impact on ability to compete with rated companies. 
 
 Insurance ratings reflect the rating agencies opinion of an insurance company s history, financial strength, operating performance and ability to meet its obligations to policyholders. There can be no assurance that USALSC, DCLIC, or USALSC-Montana will be rated by a rating agency or that any rating, if and when received, will be favorable. 
 
 Risks Associated with Companies in the Life Insurance Industry, including USAC and its subsidiaries 
 
 GENERAL REGULATORY RISK -All insurance operations are subject to government regulation in each of the states in which they conduct business. Such regulatory authority is vested in state agencies having broad administrative power dealing with all aspects of the insurance business, including premium rates, policy forms, and capital adequacy, and is concerned with the protection of policyholders rather than stockholders. Among other matters, the regulations require prior approval of acquisitions of insurance companies, solvency standards, licensing of insurers and their agents, investment restrictions, deposits of securities for the benefit of policyholders, approval of policy forms and premium rates, periodic examinations, and reserves for unearned premiums, losses and other matters. 
 
 Compliance with insurance regulation is costly and time consuming, requiring the filing of detailed annual reports, and the business and accounts are subject to examination by the applicable state insurance regulator. 
 
 Increased scrutiny has been placed upon the insurance regulatory framework during the past several years, and certain state legislatures have considered or enacted laws that alter, and in many cases increase, state authority to regulate insurance companies and insurance holding company systems. The National Association of Insurance Commissioners NAIC and state insurance regulators reexamine existing laws and regulations on an ongoing basis, and focus on insurance company investments and solvency issues, risk-based capital guidelines, interpretations of existing laws, the development of new laws, the implementation of non-statutory guidelines and the circumstances under which dividends may be paid. Future NAIC initiatives, and other regulatory changes, may have a material adverse impact on the insurance industry. There is no assurance the regulatory requirements of the departments of insurance of their respective state of domicile or a similar department in any other state in which they may wish to transact business can be satisfied. 
 
 Individual state guaranty associations assess insurance companies to pay benefits to policyholders of insolvent or failed insurance companies. The amount of any future assessments to be made from known insolvencies cannot be predicted. 
 
 REGULATORY FACTORS RISK Broad insurance laws in the states in which we do business give insurance regulators broad regulatory authority. Combined with the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act, this authority can allow regulators to interpret and implement additional rules that may take several years to complete. The ultimate outcome of regulatory rulemaking proceedings cannot be predicted with certainty and the regulations promulgated could have a material impact on consolidated financial results or financial condition. 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (the Reform Act reshaped financial regulations in the United States by creating new regulators, regulating new markets and firms, and providing additional enforcement powers to regulators. Virtually all major areas of the Reform Act continue to be subject to regulatory interpretation and implementation rules requiring rulemaking. The ultimate outcome of the regulatory rulemaking proceedings cannot be predicted. The regulations promulgated could have a material impact on consolidated financial results or financial condition. 
 
 COMPETITION RISK - Large life insurance companies who have greater financial resources, longer business histories, and who may have more products present significant competition to smaller insurance companies. These larger companies also generally have large distribution opportunities which makes product distribution difficult in building a small company. 
 
 ASSUMPTION RISK - In the life insurance business, assumptions as to expected mortality, lapse rates and other factors in developing the pricing and other terms of life insurance products are made. These assumptions are based on industry experience and are reviewed and revised regularly by an outside actuary to reflect actual experience on a current basis. Variation of actual experience from that assumed in developing such terms may affect a product s profitability or sales volume and in turn adversely impact revenues. 

10

Table of Contents 

LIABILITY RISK - Underestimating future policy benefits results in incurring additional expenses at the time a company becomes aware of the inadequacy. As a result, the ability to achieve profits would suffer as a result of such underestimates. 
 
 INTEREST RATE RISK - Spread is the difference between the amounts that the insurance company is required to pay under the contracts and the amounts the insurance company is able to earn on its investments intended to support its obligations under the contracts. Interest rate fluctuations could impair an insurance company s ability to pay policyholder benefits with operating and investment cash flows, cash on hand and other cash sources. Annuity products expose the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce any spread. Spread is a key component of net income. 
 
 To the extent that interest rates credited are less than those generally available in the marketplace, policyholder lapses, policy loans and surrenders, and withdrawals of life insurance policies and annuity contracts may increase as contract holders seek to purchase products with higher returns. This process may result in cash outflows requiring that an insurance subsidiary sell investments at a time when the prices of those investments are adversely affected by the increase in market interest rates, which may result in realized investment losses. 
 
 Increases in market interest rates may negatively affect profitability in periods of increasing interest rates. The ability to replace invested assets with higher yielding assets needed to fund higher crediting rates that may be necessary to keep interest sensitive products competitive. 
 
 LAPSE AND WITHDRAWAL RISK - Policy lapses in excess of those actuarially anticipated would have a negative impact on financial performance. Profitability could be reduced if lapse and surrender rates exceed the assumptions upon which the insurance policies were priced. Policy sales costs are deferred and recognized over the life of a policy. Excess policy lapses, however, cause the immediate expensing or amortizing of deferred policy sales costs. In addition, some of our policies allow holders to withdraw all or some of the policy s value, and withdrawals beyond those anticipated could impact our business. 
 
 OPERATIONAL RISK - In the insurance industry, successful incorporation and functionality of the internal audit function, the evolution of financial and administrative internal controls to safeguard human, facility and financial assets electronically including anti-fraud initiatives and compliance with anti-money laundering requirements as well as an effective disaster recovery program and effective business continuity programs, are necessary. 
 
 TAX LAW RISK - Congress considers legislation that could adversely affect the sale of life insurance products compared with other financial products. There can be no assurance as to whether such adverse legislation will be enacted or, if enacted, whether such legislation would contain provisions with possible adverse effects on any annuity and life insurance products that we and our operating subsidiaries develop. 
 
 Under the Internal Revenue Code, income taxes payable by policyholders on investment earnings is deferred during the accumulation period of certain life insurance and annuity products. This favorable tax treatment may give certain insurance products a competitive advantage over other non-insurance products. To the extent that the Internal Revenue Code may be revised to reduce the tax-deferred status of life insurance and annuity products, or to increase the tax-deferred status of competing products, insurance companies would be adversely affected with respect to their ability to sell products. Also, depending on grandfathering provisions, the surrenders of existing annuity contracts and life insurance policies might increase. In addition, life insurance products are often used to fund estate tax obligations. We cannot predict what future tax initiatives may be proposed with respect to the estate tax or other taxes which may adversely affect us. 
 
 REINSURANCE RISK - In order to manage the risk of financial exposure to adverse underwriting results, reinsurers accept a portion of the risk of other insurance companies. However, the direct insurer remains liable with respect to ceded insurance should any reinsurer fail to meet the obligations assumed by the reinsurer. 
 
 COVID-19 RISK - The outbreak and world-wide spread of the COVID-19 pandemic has negatively impacted the global economy, disrupted global supply chains, and created significant volatility and disruption in financial market, and the prolonged impact of COVID-19 could affect various aspects of our business. Following the initial outbreak of the virus, virtually all of USAC's operations were performed by employees working remotely. We have returned to in-office work, other than occasional temporary office closures due to exposures, and four employees who work remotely due to their geographic locations. While we have not experienced significant disruptions to our business, we have experienced higher claims on our insurance products in 2022, which may be due in part to the COVID-19 pandemic. In addition, our investment portfolio may be adversely affected as a result of uncertaintly surrounding the pandemic and its outcome. While we have taken precautionary measures we deem appropriate in response to the COVID-19 pandemic, the prolonged impact of COVID-19 could negatively affect our business. 

11

Table of Contents 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not applicable. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES. 

USAC and its subsidiaries share offices located at 1303 SW First American Place, Suite 200, Topeka, Kansas 66604 in a building purchased by DCLIC on November 15, 2020. 
 
 DCLIC s lease expired on September 30, 2021 on its office at 107 W. Main Avenue, Suite 325, Bismarck, North Dakota, 58501, and was not renewed as employees in that office were converted to remote work. The lease rate for this location was 939 per month for the lease year beginning October 1, 2020. The Company paid 0 and 7,546 in rent for this location in 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

Neither the Company nor any of its principals are presently engaged in any material pending litigation which might have an adverse impact on its net assets. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

(a) 
 Market Information 

There is no established trading market for our voting common stock. Our securities are not listed for trading or quoted on any national securities exchange nor are bid or asked quotations reported in any over-the-counter quotation system. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had issued and outstanding 7,746,922 shares of our voting common stock. No other equity securities of the Company have been issued. 

(b) 
 Holders of Record 

As of February 1, 2023 there are approximately 3,500 holders of record of our voting common stock. 

(c) 
 Dividends 

We have not paid dividends on USAC Common Stock and do not anticipate paying dividends in the foreseeable future. We intend to retain any future earnings for reinvestment into our business. 

12

Table of Contents 

(d) 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We have not established any equity compensation plans or granted any equity awards under such plans. As a result, there are no securities authorized for issuance under such plans. 

(e) 
 Recent Sales of Unregistered Securities 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company did not issue any shares pursuant to an offering to residents of the state of Kansas that was registered with the Kansas Securities Commissioner (the Kansas Offering ). 
 
 The Kansas Offering was self-underwritten and sold through agents of the Company licensed to sell securities in Kansas. Proceeds from the sale of common stock were used to finance the growth of the Company s life insurance subsidiary and to provide working capital for the Company. The Kansas Offering was exempt from registration under Section 3(a)11 of the Securities Act of 1933 for securities offered and sold on a wholly intrastate basis. The shares of common stock were sold only to bona fide residents of the state of Kansas. 
 
 During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 1,518 shares of common stock, for aggregate consideration of 10,626, pursuant to a private placement offering to accredited investor residents of the state of North Dakota (the North Dakota Offering ). Proceeds from the sale of shares in the North Dakota Offering were used to finance the growth of DCLIC and to provide working capital for the Company. The North Dakota Offering and sales of shares thereunder were not registered with the SEC in reliance on an exemption for registration under Rule 506(b) of Regulation D under this Securities Act of 1933 Reg D ). Shares were sold only to accredited investors , as that term is defined in Rule 501 of Reg D, and were not sold by any means of general advertisement or solicitation. 

ITEM 6. 
 [Reserved.] 

13

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

The following discussion should be read in conjunction with our condensed consolidated financial statements and notes thereto included in this Form 10-K. In connection with, and because we desire to take advantage of, the safe harbor provisions of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995, we caution readers regarding certain forward looking statements in the following discussion and elsewhere in this report and in any other statement made by, or on our behalf, whether or not in future filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Forward looking statements are statements not based on historical information and which relate to future operations, strategies, financial results or other developments. Forward looking statements are necessarily based upon estimates and assumptions that are inherently subject to significant business, economic and competitive uncertainties and contingencies, including those relating to the Covid-19 pandemic, many of which are beyond our control and many of which, with respect to future business decisions, are subject to change. These uncertainties and contingencies can affect actual results and could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in any forward looking statements made by, or on our behalf. We disclaim any obligation to update forward looking statements. 
 
 Overview 
 
 USAC was formed as a Kansas corporation on April 24, 2009 for the purpose of raising capital to form a new Kansas-based life insurance company. We presently conduct our business through our five wholly-owned subsidiaries: USALSC, a life insurance corporation; DCLIC, a life insurance corporation; USALSC-Montana, a life insurance corporation; USAMC, an insurance marketing corporation; and USAIC, an investment management corporation 
 
 On January 2, 2012, USALSC was issued a Certificate of Authority to conduct life insurance business in the State of Kansas. We began third party administrative services in 2015. 
 
 On August 1, 2017, the Company merged with Northern Plains Capital Corporation with the Company being the ultimate surviving entity. As a result of this merger, the Company acquired Dakota Capital Life Insurance Company which became a wholly owned subsidiary of USALSC. 
 
 On December 14, 2018, the Company acquired Great Western Life Insurance Company. Great Western Life Insurance Company was renamed US Alliance Life and Security Company Montana and is a subsidiary of USALSC. 
 
 The Company assumes business under three reinsurance treaties. On January 1, 2013, the Company entered into an agreement to assume 20 of a certain block of health insurance policies from Unified Life Insurance Company. On September 30, 2017, the Company entered into the 2017 ALSC Agreement to assume 100 of a certain block of life insurance policies from ALSC. On April 15, 2020, with an effective date of January 1, 2020, the Company entered into the 2020 ALSC Agreement to assume a quota share percentage of a block of annuity policies. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had assumed 52.3 million in annuity deposits under the 2020 ALSC Agreement. Effective December 31, 2020 USALSC entered into an agreement with ALSC, which provided for ALSC to recapture all reserves previously ceded to USALSC with respect to a portion of the 2017 ALSC Agreement. 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 
 Our accounting and reporting policies are in accordance with GAAP. Preparation of the consolidated financial statements requires us to make estimates and judgments that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues and expenses. The following is an explanation of our accounting policies and the estimates considered most significant by management. These accounting policies inherently require significant judgment and assumptions and actual operating results could differ significantly from management s estimates determined using these policies. We believe the following accounting policies, judgments and estimates are the most critical to the understanding of our results of operations and financial position. A detailed discussion of significant accounting policies is provided in this report in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included with this annual report. 

14

Table of Contents 

Valuation of Investments 
 
 The Company's principal investments are in fixed maturity, mortgages, and equity securities. Fixed maturity, classified as available for sale, are carried at their fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, with unrealized gains or losses recorded in comprehensive income (loss). Our fixed income investment manager utilizes external independent third-party pricing services to determine the fair values of investment securities available for sale. Equity securities are carried at their fair value in the consolidated balance sheets, with unrealized gains or losses recorded in net income (loss). 
 
 We have a policy and process in place to identify securities that could potentially have an impairment that is other-than-temporary. The assessment of whether impairments have occurred is based on a case-by-case evaluation of underlying reasons for the decline in fair value. We consider severity of impairment, duration of impairment, forecasted recovery period, industry outlook, financial condition of the issuer, issuer credit ratings and whether we intend to sell a security, or it is more likely than not that we would be required to sell a security, prior to the recovery of the amortized cost. NEAM and 1505 Capital, our investment managers, provide support to the Company in making these determinations. 
 
 The recognition of other-than-temporary impairment losses on debt securities is dependent on the facts and circumstances related to the specific security. If we intend to sell a security or it is more likely than not that we would be required to sell a security prior to recovery of the amortized cost, the difference between amortized cost and fair value is recognized in the income statement as an other-than-temporary impairment. Our membership in the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB provides additional liquidity which further reduces the likelihood that we would be required to sell a security prior to recovery. As it relates to debt securities, if we do not expect to recover the amortized basis, do not plan to sell the security and if it is not more likely than not that we would be required to sell a security before the recovery of its amortized cost, the other-than-temporary impairment would be recognized. We would recognize the credit loss portion through earnings in the income statement and the noncredit loss portion in accumulated other comprehensive loss. 
 
 Deferred Acquisition Costs 
 
 Incremental direct costs, net of amounts ceded to reinsurers, that result directly from and are essential to a product sale and would not have been incurred by us had the sale not occurred, are capitalized, to the extent recoverable, and amortized over the life of the premiums produced. Recoverability of deferred acquisition costs is evaluated periodically by comparing the current estimate of the present value of expected pretax future profits to the unamortized asset balance. If this current estimate is less than the existing balance, the difference is charged to expense. 
 
 Value of Business Acquired 
 
 Value of business acquired VOBA represents the estimated value assigned to purchased companies or insurance in- force of the assumed policy obligations at the date of acquisition of a block of policies. At least annually, a review is performed of the models and the assumptions used to develop expected future profits, based upon management s current view of future events. VOBA is reviewed on an ongoing basis to determine that the unamortized portion does not exceed the expected recoverable amounts. Management s view primarily reflects our experience but can also reflect emerging trends within the industry. Short-term deviations in experience affect the amortization of VOBA in the period, but do not necessarily indicate that a change to the long-term assumptions of future experience is warranted. If it is determined that it is appropriate to change the assumptions related to future experience, then an unlocking adjustment is recognized for the block of business being evaluated. Certain assumptions, such as interest spreads and surrender rates, may be interrelated. As such, unlocking adjustments often reflect revisions to multiple assumptions. The VOBA balance is immediately impacted by any assumption changes, with the change reflected through the statements of comprehensive income as an unlocking adjustment in the amount of VOBA amortized. These adjustments can be positive or negative with adjustments reducing amortization limited to amounts previously deferred plus interest accrued through the date of the adjustment. 
 
 In addition, we may consider refinements in estimates due to improved capabilities resulting from administrative or actuarial system upgrades. We consider such enhancements to determine whether and to what extent they are associated with prior periods or simply improvements in the projection of future expected gross profits due to improved functionality. To the extent they represent such improvements, these items are applied to the appropriate financial statement line items in a manner similar to unlocking adjustments. 

15

Table of Contents 

VOBA is also reviewed on an ongoing basis to determine that the unamortized portion does not exceed the expected recoverable amounts. If it is determined from emerging experience that the premium margins or gross profits are less than the unamortized value of business acquired, then the asset will be adjusted downward with the adjustment recorded as an expense in the current period. 
 
 Goodwill 
 
 Goodwill represents the excess of the amounts paid to acquire subsidiaries and other businesses over the fair value of their net assets at the date of acquisition. Goodwill is tested for impairment at least annually in the fourth quarter or more frequently if events or circumstances change that would indicate that a triggering event has occurred. 
 
 We assess the recoverability of indefinite-lived intangible assets at least annually or whenever events or circumstances suggest that the carrying value of an identifiable indefinite-lived intangible asset may exceed the sum of the future discounted cash flows expected to result from its use and eventual disposition. If the asset is considered to be impaired, the amount of any impairment is measured as the difference between the carrying value and the fair value of the impaired asset. 
 
 Reinsurance 
 
 In the normal course of business, we seek to limit aggregate and single exposure to losses on risk by purchasing reinsurance. The amounts reported in the consolidated balance sheets as reinsurance recoverable include amounts billed to reinsurers on losses paid as well as estimates of amounts expected to be recovered from reinsurers on insurance liabilities that have not yet been paid. Reinsurance recoverable on unpaid losses are estimated based upon assumptions consistent with those used in establishing the liabilities related to the underlying reinsured contracts. Insurance liabilities are reported gross of reinsurance recoverable. Management believes the recoverables are appropriately established. We diversify our credit risks related to reinsurance ceded. Reinsurance premiums are generally reflected in income in a manner consistent with the recognition of premiums on the reinsured contracts. Reinsurance does not extinguish our primary liability under the policies written. We regularly evaluate the financial condition of our reinsurers including their activities with respect to claim settlement practices and commutations, and establish allowances for uncollectible reinsurance recoverable as appropriate. 
 
 Future Policy Benefits 
 
 We establish liabilities for amounts payable under insurance policies, including traditional life insurance and annuities. Generally, amounts are payable over an extended period of time. Liabilities for future policy benefits of traditional life insurance have been computed by using a net level premium method based upon estimates at the time of issue for investment yields, mortality and withdrawals. These estimates include provisions for experience less favorable than initially expected. Mortality assumptions are based on industry experience expressed as a percentage of standard mortality tables. Such liabilities are reviewed quarterly by an independent consulting actuary. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Deferred tax assets are recorded based on the differences between the financial statement and tax basis of assets and liabilities at the enacted tax rates. The principal assets and liabilities giving rise to such differences are investments, insurance reserves, and deferred acquisition costs. A deferred tax asset valuation allowance is established when there is uncertainty that such assets would be realized. We have no uncertain tax positions we believe are more-likely-than-not that the benefit will not to be realized. 
 
 Recognition of Revenues 
 
 Revenues on traditional life insurance products consist of direct and assumed premiums reported as earned when due. 
 
 Amounts received as payment for annuities are recognized as deposits to policyholder account balances and included in future insurance policy benefits. Revenues from these contracts are comprised of investment earnings of the deposits, which are recognized over the period of the contracts, and included in revenue. Deposits are shown as a financing activity in the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows. 

16

Table of Contents 

Embedded Derivatives 
 
 The Company has entered into coinsurance funds withheld arrangement with ALSC which contains an embedded derivative. Under ASC 815, the Company assesses whether the embedded derivative is clearly and closely related to the host contract. The Company bifurcates embedded derivatives from the host instrument for measurement purposes when the embedded derivative possesses economic characteristics that are not clearly and closely related to the economic characteristics of the host contract and a separate instrument with the same terms would qualify as a derivative instrument. The Company has two different embedded derivatives, the first of which existed prior to the transfer of the funds withheld account, which is reported on the consolidated balance sheets in funds withheld under coinsurance agreement, with changes in fair value recognized in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss) in net investment gains (losses). The second embedded derivative recognized after the funds withheld transfer is reported within reinsurance related assets on the balance sheet and within net investment gains (losses) on the statement of comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 Funds Withheld under Coinsurance Agreement 
 
 Funds withheld under coinsurance agreement represent amounts contractually withheld by a ceding company in accordance with the 2020 ALSC Agreement. For agreements written on a coinsurance funds withheld basis, assets that support the net statutory reserves or as defined by the treaty, are withheld and legally owned by the ceding company. Interest is recorded in net investment income, net of related expenses, in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). Funds withheld under coinsurance agreement are presented net of the embedded derivative, discussed above. Under the terms of the 2020 ALSC Agreement the Company may assume custody of the assets in the funds withheld account once the Company attains its "Qualified Institutional Buyer" designation (as that term is defined in Rule 144A under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended) and we have attained this designation in the fourth quarter of 2022. The Company recorded the funds withheld assets at fair value on the date of transfer, which eliminated the embedded derivative component associated with the unrealized gains and losses within the funds withheld account. 
 
 Additionally, after the transfer of the funds withheld assets, ALSC continued to manage currency risk within the coinsured liability portfolio using derivative instruments. In accordance with the coinsurance agreement, ALSC allocates a proportion of the derivative activity it manages to the Company, which is settled quarterly as part of the reinsurance settlement. As the derivative allocation is not clearly and closely related to the host contract, the Company recognizes an embedded derivative equal to the fair value of the derivative allocation. 
 
 Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 
 Mortgage loans on real estate, including mortgage loan participations, are carried at unpaid principal balances, net of any unamortized premium or discount and valuation allowances. Interest income is accrued on the principal amount of the mortgage loans based on its contractual interest rate. Amortization of premiums and discounts is recorded using the effective yield method. The Company accrues interest on loans until probable the Company will not receive interest or the loan is 90 days past due. Interest income, amortization of premiums, accretion of discounts and prepayment fees are reported in investment income, net of related expenses in the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 A mortgage loan is considered to be impaired when, based on the current information and events, it is probable that the Company will be unable to collect all amounts due according to the contractual terms of the mortgage agreement. 
 
 Valuation allowances on mortgage loans are established based upon inherent losses expected by management to be realized in connection with future dispositions or settlement of mortgage loans, including foreclosures. The Company establishes valuation allowances for estimated impairments on an individual loan basis as of the balance sheet date. Such valuation allowances are based on the excess carrying value of the loan over the present value of expected future cash flows discounted at the loan s original effective interest rate, the value of the loan s collateral if the loan is in the process of foreclosure or is otherwise collateral-dependent, or the loan s market value if the loan is being sold. These evaluations are revised as conditions change and new information becomes available. In addition to historical experience, management considers qualitative factors that include the impact of changing macro-economic conditions, which may not be currently reflected in the loan portfolio performance, and the quality of the loan portfolio. 
 
 Any interest accrued or received on the net carrying amount of the impaired loan will be included in investment income or applied to the principal of the loan, depending on the assessment of the collectibility of the loan. Mortgage loans deemed to be uncollectible or that have been foreclosed are charged off against the valuation allowances and subsequent recoveries, if any, are credited to the valuation allowances. Changes in valuation allowances are reported in net investment gains (losses) on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). 
 
 The Company evaluates whether a mortgage loan modification represents a troubled debt restructuring. In a troubled debt restructuring, the Company grants concessions related to the borrower s financial difficulties. Generally, the types of concessions include: reduction of the contractual interest rate, extension of the maturity date at an interest rate lower than current market interest rates and/or a reduction of accrued interest. The Company considers the amount, timing and extent of the concession granted in determining any impairment or changes in the specific valuation allowance recorded in connection with the troubled debt restructuring. Through the continuous monitoring process, the Company may have recorded a specific valuation allowance prior to when the mortgage loan is modified in a troubled debt restructuring. Accordingly, the carrying value (after specific valuation allowance) before and after modification through a troubled debt restructuring may not change significantly, or may increase if the expected recovery is higher than the pre-modification recovery assessment. 

17

Table of Contents 

Other Invested Assets 
 
 Other invested assets include collateral loans and private credit investments. The collateral loans and private credit investments are carried at fair value. The inputs used to measure these assets are classified as Level 3 within the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Mergers and Acquisitions 
 
 On May 23, 2017 the Company entered into a definitive merger agreement with Northern Plains Capital Corporation. The merger transaction closed on August 1, 2017. NPCC shareholders received .5841 shares of US Alliance Corporation stock for each share of NPCC stock owned. USAC issued 1,644,458 shares of common stock to holders of NPCC shares. 
 
 On October 11, 2018 the Company entered into a stock purchase agreement with Great Western Insurance Company to acquire Great Western Life Insurance Company. The transaction closed on December 14, 2018. USALSC paid 500,000 to acquire all of the outstanding shares of GWLIC. 
 
 Effective December 31, 2020, DCLIC acquired a block of life insurance policies according to the terms of an assumption agreement with ALSC. The Company acquired fixed maturity securities and cash of 9,181,100, assumed liabilities of 10,972,785 and recorded VOBA of 2,163,541. 
 
 New Accounting Standards 
 
 A detailed discussion of new accounting standards is provided in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements beginning on p. F-7 of this annual report. 
 
 Discussion of Consolidated Results of Operations 
 
 Total Income. Insurance revenues are primarily generated from premium revenues and investment income. Total income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized in the table below. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Income: 

Premium income 

12,815,238 

11,792,063 

Net investment income 

4,798,199 

5,336,048 

Net investment gains (losses) 

(1,925,086) 

142,280 

Other income 

317,502 

318,854 

Total income 

16,005,853 

17,589,245 

Our 2022 total income decreased to 16,005,853, a decrease of 1,583,392 or 9 from the 2021 total income of 17,589,245. The decrease is driven by net investment losses and a reduction in funds withheld income due to market volatility offset by increases in our premium income. The Company was required to implement a new accounting standard in 2019 which results in unrealized gains and losses on equity securities being included in total income. This standard continues to result in increased volatility in total income and is the driver of reduced total income. 

18

Table of Contents 

The following graph summarizes our five-year trend of total income: 

Premium income: Premium income for 2022 was 12,815,238 compared to 11,792,063 in 2021, an increase of 1,023,175 or 9 . The increase was driven by an increase in direct single and recurring premiums. Even though it is a reduction in revenue, ceded premium increases reflect the growth of our group policy premiums as we focused on small companies to assist them with their employee benefits. 
 
 Direct, assumed and ceded premiums for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized in the following table. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Direct 

9,629,831 

8,566,404 

Assumed 

4,400,339 

4,301,496 

Ceded 

(1,214,932) 

(1,075,837) 

Total 

12,815,238 

11,792,063 

The Company continuously searches for new product and distribution opportunities to continue to increase premium production on both a direct and assumed basis. 

19

Table of Contents 

Investment income, net of expenses: The components of net investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Fixed maturities 

2,159,129 

1,121,170 

Mortgages 

758,362 

378,035 

Equity securities 

669,721 

617,198 

Funds withheld 

1,581,453 

3,421,796 

Other invested assets 

47,241 

- 

Cash and cash equivalents 

47,285 

1,794 

5,263,191 

5,539,993 

Less investment expenses 

(464,992) 

(203,945) 

4,798,199 

5,336,048 

Net investment income for 2022 was 4,798,199, compared to 5,336,048 in 2021, a decrease of 537,849 or 10 . This decrease in investment income is a result of decreased funds withheld income. We converted our funds withheld asset to funds paid in the fourth quarter of 2022 and those assets transferred at fair value. Due to the increase in interest rates, this resulted in a temporary loss being reflected in our funds withheld income. While these assets are classified as available for sale, we anticipate holding them to maturity. This will result in the recognition of income over the life of those assets as they amortize to par value. 
 
 Net investment gains (losses): Net investment losses for 2022 were 1,925,086, compared to gains of 142,280 for 2021, a decrease of 2,067,366. The net investment losses are attributable to decreases in the value of our equity securities and derivatives driven by market volatility and required by accounting standards to be included in our calculation of net income. Net investment losses for 2022 were comprised of 1,816,443 of unrealized losses in our equity portfolio and derivative assets and realized losses of 108,643. Net investment gains for 2021 were comprised of 87,712 of unrealized losses in our equity portfolio and funds withheld asset and realized gains of 229,992. Realized gains and losses related to the sale of securities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows: 

Year Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Gross gains 

24,720 

248,891 

Gross losses 

(133,363) 

(18,899) 

Realized gains (losses) 

(108,643) 

229,992 

Other income: Other income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 317,502 compared to 318,854 in 2021, a decrease of 1,352. 
 
 Expenses . Expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized in the table below. 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Expenses: 

Death claims 

2,994,386 

2,314,682 

Policyholder benefits 

6,553,901 

6,238,032 

Increase in policyholder reserves 

4,207,703 

4,063,488 

Commissions, net of deferrals 

777,162 

772,053 

Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 

1,205,554 

1,210,345 

Amortization of value of business acquired 

92,420 

92,420 

Salaries benefits 

1,465,259 

1,350,851 

Other operating expenses 

2,014,953 

1,893,561 

Total expense 

19,311,338 

17,935,432 

20

Table of Contents 

The following chart and graph summarizes our five-year expense trend: 

Increase in 

Other 

of Operating 

Policyholder 

Policy-related 

Operating 

Total 

Expense to 

Year 
 
 Reserves 

Expenses 

Expenses 

Expenses 

Total Expense 

2018 

2,766,169 

6,028,730 

3,120,524 

11,915,423 

26 

2019 

2,599,575 

6,737,672 

2,460,989 

11,798,236 

21 

2020 

3,359,609 

8,964,121 

3,649,000 

15,972,730 

23 

2021 

4,063,488 

10,627,532 

3,244,412 

17,935,432 

18 

2022 

4,207,703 

11,623,423 

3,480,212 

19,311,338 

18 

Increases in policyholder reserves represents funds that we maintain and invest for the future benefit of our policyholders. Other policy-related expenses represent the other expenses associated with fulfilling our obligations to our policyholders and producers. Operating expenses represent the costs to operate the company and consists of salaries and benefits and other operating expenses. 
 
 Death claims: Death benefits were 2,994,386 in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2,314,682 for 2021, an increase of 679,704 or 29 . This increase is attributable to our growing block of in-force pre-need life insurance policies and to increased group life claims. We expect these claims to grow as we continue to increase the size of our in-force business. The COVID-19 pandemic has increased mortality rates for the entire United States population. 
 
 Policyholder benefits: Policyholder benefits were 6,553,901 in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 6,238,032 in 2021, an increase of 315,869 or 5 . The primary driver of this increase is the growth of interest credited on our direct and assumed annuities. 
 
 Increase in policyholder reserves: Policyholder reserves increased to 4,207,703 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 4,063,488 in 2021, an increase of 144,215 or 4 . The growth in reserves is the result of increased pre-need premiums. 
 
 Commissions, net of deferrals: The Company pays commissions to the ceding company on a block of assumed policies as well as commissions to agents on directly written business. Commissions, net of deferrals, were 777,162 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 772,053 in 2021, an increase of 5,109. This increase is due to an increase in and changing mix of premiums. 
 
 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs: The amortization of deferred acquisition costs ("DAC") was 1,205,554 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,210,345 in 2021, a decrease of 4,791. The decrease is driven by normal adjustments to DAC amortization. 
 
 Amortization of value of business acquired: The amortization of value of business acquired VOBA was 92,420 in the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. In 2021, we began to amortize VOBA associated with DCLIC s acquisition of policies from ALSC. VOBA is being amortized straight-line over 30 years. 
 
 Salaries and benefits: Salaries and benefits were 1,465,259 for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,350,851 in 2021, an increase of 114,408 or 8 . The increase was driven by increased employee compensation costs and additional team members. 
 
 Other expenses: Other operating expenses were 2,014,953 in the year ended December 31, 2022, compared to 1,893,561 in 2021, an increase of 121,392 or 6 . The increase is driven by increased marketing, regulatory filing, and information technology expenses. 

21

Table of Contents 

Federal income tax benefit: In the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized a deferred income tax benefit of 149,000. In the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a deferred income tax benefit of 680,542. These benefits are the result of changes in the deferred tax asset and deferred tax asset valuation allowance. 
 
 Net Income (loss): Our net loss was 3,156,485 in the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to net income of 334,355 in 2021, a decrease of 3,490,840. Our net loss per share was 0.41 compared to net income per share of 0.04 in 2021, basic and diluted. 
 
 The following graph illustrates our five-year trend of net income (loss) per share: 

Discussion of Consolidated Balance Sheet 
 
 Assets . Assets have decreased to 118,298,297 as of December 31, 2022, a decrease of 3,186,537 or 3 from December 31, 2021 assets of 121,484,834. This is primarily the result of a decrease in the market value of our fixed maturity securities. 
 
 Available for sale fixed maturity securities : As of December 31, 2022, we had available for sale fixed maturity assets of 65,316,077, an increase of 27,373,420 or 72 from the December 31, 2021 balance of 37,942,657. The increase is driven by the settlement of our funds withheld asset into assets held by the Company. This increase is partially offset by a decrease in the market value of these securities of 7.9 million due to changes in interest rates. If we hold our fixed maturity securities to maturity any change in market value is temporary. 
 
 Equity securities, at fair value : As of December 31, 2022, we had equity assets of 7,395,044, a decrease of 1,762,149 or 19 from the December 31, 2021 balance of 9,157,193. This decrease is driven by a reduction in the market value of our equity securities. 
 
 Mortgage loans on real estate : As of December 31, 2022, we had mortgage loans on real estate of 23,790,073 an increase of 20,136,931 or 551 from the December 31, 2021 balance of 3,653,142. The increase is the result of acquiring additional mortgage loan participations and the settlement of our funds withheld asset into assets held by the Company. 
 
 Funds withheld under coinsurance agreement, at fair value : As of December 31, 2022, we had no funds withheld assets as these assets were settled into assets owned by the Company. As of December 31, 2021 our funds with assets were 49,018,974. 
 
 Other invested assets: As of December 31, 2022, we had other invested assets of 1,760,777. These assets were acquired when our funds withheld asset settled into assets owned by the Company. We had no such balance at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Policy loans: As of December 31, 2022, our policy loans were 34,980, a decrease of 138,361 or 80 from the December 31, 2021 balance of 173,341. The decrease is a result of policy loans being repaid. 
 
 Real estate, net of depreciation: As of December 31, 2022, we had real estate assets of 1,373,716 related to the purchase of our home office building, a decrease of 29,421 from the December 31, 2021 balance of 1,403,137. The decrease is the result of depreciation. 

22

Table of Contents 

Cash and cash equivalents : As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalent assets of 4,091,507, a decrease of 3,863,481 or 49 from the December 31, 2021 balance of 7,955,348. This decrease was the result of cash being deployed into invested assets. 
 
 Investment income due and accrued : As of December 31, 2022, our investment income due and accrued was 2,086,365 compared to 698,504 as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 1,387,861 or 199 . This increase is attributable to investment activity. 
 
 Reinsurance related assets : As of December 31, 2022, our reinsurance related assets were 125,549 compared to 3,438 as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 122,111. This increase is the result of changes in the net settlement due to/from ALSC under our 2020 ALSC Agreement. 
 
 Deferred acquisition costs, net : As of December 31, 2022, our deferred acquisition costs were 5,629,002 compared to 6,354,875 as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 725,873 or 11 . The decrease is the result of the amortization of DAC related to our 2020 ALSC Agreement. 
 
 Value of business acquired, net : As of December 31, 2022 our value of business acquired asset was 2,518,393 compared to 2,610,813 as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 92,420 or 4 . The decrease is the result of amortization of VOBA. 
 
 Property, equipment and software, net : As of December 31, 2022 our property, equipment and software assets were 132,475, an increase of 39,690 from the December 31, 2021 balance of 92,785. This increase is the result of renovation of our home office. 
 
 Goodwill : As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, our goodwill was 277,542. Goodwill was established as a result of our merger with NPCC. We have determined that there has been no impairment to our goodwill balance. 
 
 Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance: The Company had a net deferred tax asset of 3,294,522 as of December 31, 2022. The Company had a net deferred tax asset of 1,560,767 as of December 31, 2021 and the resulting change in deferred tax asset was recorded as a deferred tax benefit and as an increase in other comprehensive loss. 
 
 Other assets : As of December 31, 2022, our other assets were 472,275, a decrease of 110,043 or 19 from the December 31, 2021 balance of 582,318. This increase is the result of normal business activity. 
 
 Liabilities . Our total liabilities were 110,228,903 as of December 31, 2022, an increase of 6,325,825 or 6 from our December 31, 2021 liabilities of 103,903,078. This increase is driven by an increase in our policy liabilities. 
 
 Policy liabilities : Our total policy liabilities as of December 31, 2022 were 108,737,803 compared to 101,026,942 as of December 31, 2021, an increase of 7,710,861 or 8 . This increase is the result of the growth of our in-force business. 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses : As of December 31, 2022, our accounts payable and accrued expenses were 448,805 compared to 689,065 as of December 31, 2021, a decrease of 240,260 or 35 . 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advance : As of December 31, 2022, the Company has outstanding advances of 1,000,000 with the Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka compared to outstanding advances of 2,000,000 as of December 31, 2021. The decrease is the result of the Company repaying two 500,000 advances in the second quarter of 2022. 
 
 Shareholders Equity . Our shareholders equity was 8,069,394 as of December 31, 2022, a decrease of 9,512,362 from our December 31, 2021 shareholders equity of 17,581,756. The reduction in shareholders equity was driven by a decrease in other comprehensive loss and by our net loss. For the year ended December 31, 2022, unrealized losses in our fixed maturity portfolio, before tax, totaled 7,929,744. Other comprehensive income (loss) consists of the unrealized gains and losses on our fixed maturity portfolio. The increase in other comprehensive loss is the result of higher interest rates which decreases the market value of our fixed maturity securities. 

23

Table of Contents 

Investments 
 Our investment philosophy is reflected by the allocation of our investments. We emphasize investment grade debt securities with smaller holdings in equity securities, mortgages and other investments. The following table shows the carrying value of our investments by investment category and cash and cash equivalents, and the percentage of each to total invested assets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Carrying 

Percent 

Carrying 

Percent 

Value 

of Total 

Value 

of Total 

Fixed maturities: 

US Treasury securities 

1,025,087 

1.0 

447,765 

0.4 

Corporate bonds 

15,869,078 

15.3 

21,321,279 

19.6 

Municipal bonds 

5,420,409 

5.2 

6,963,358 

6.4 

Redeemable preferred stocks 

3,355,615 

3.2 

3,621,526 

3.3 

Term Loans 

18,149,718 

17.6 

- 

0.0 

Mortgage backed and asset backed securities 

21,496,170 

20.8 

5,588,729 

5.1 

Total fixed maturities 

65,316,077 

63.1 

37,942,657 

34.8 

Mortgage loans 

23,790,073 

22.9 

3,653,142 

3.3 

Other invested assets 

1,760,777 

1.7 

- 

0.0 

Equities: 

Common stock 

6,024,224 

5.8 

7,319,584 

6.7 

Preferred stock 

1,370,820 

1.3 

1,837,609 

1.7 

Total equities 

7,395,044 

7.1 

9,157,193 

8.4 

Funds withheld 

- 

0.0 

49,018,974 

44.9 

Real estate, net of depreciation 

1,373,716 

1.3 

1,403,137 

1.3 

Cash and cash equivalents 

4,091,507 

3.9 

7,955,348 

7.3 

Total 

103,727,194 

100.0 

109,130,451 

100.0 

The total value of our investments and cash and cash equivalents decreased to 103,840,238 as of December 31, 2022 from 109,130,451 at December 31, 2021, a decrease of 5,290,213 or 5 . Decreases in investments are primarily attributable to a reduction of the market value of our fixed maturity securities. 
 
 The following table shows the distribution of the credit ratings of our portfolio of fixed maturity securities by carrying value as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

December 31, 2022 

December 31, 2021 

Fair 

Percent 

Fair 

Percent 

Value 

of Total 

Value 

of Total 

AAA and U.S. Government 

3,068,529 

4.7 

914,862 

2.4 

AA 

11,582,642 

17.7 

9,999,588 

26.4 

A 

17,142,623 

26.2 

8,140,616 

21.5 

BBB 

27,520,644 

42.1 

15,719,874 

41.3 

BB 

2,456,185 

3.8 

2,986,117 

7.9 

Not Rated - Private Placement 

3,545,454 

5.5 

181,600 

0.5 

Total 

65,316,077 

100.0 

37,942,657 

100.0 

24

Table of Contents 

The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, by contractual maturity, are shown below. Equity securities do not have stated maturity dates and therefore are not included in the following maturity summary. Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties. 

As of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2021 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Amortized Cost 

Fair Value 

Amounts maturing in: 

One year or less 

442,846 

450,461 

- 

- 

After one year through five years 

17,048,721 

17,035,270 

1,987,421 

2,087,132 

After five years through ten years 

5,498,364 

5,340,498 

2,540,089 

2,865,020 

More than 10 years 

21,337,372 

17,638,063 

21,479,533 

23,780,250 

Redeemable preferred stocks 

3,875,526 

3,355,615 

3,612,625 

3,621,526 

Mortgage backed and asset backed securities 

22,412,895 

21,496,170 

5,636,371 

5,588,729 

Total amortized cost and fair value 

70,615,724 

65,316,077 

35,256,039 

37,942,657 

Market Risk of Financial Instruments 
 
 We hold a diversified portfolio of investments that primarily includes cash, bonds, equity securities, mortgage loans, and other invested assets. Each of these investments is subject to market risks that can affect their return and their fair value. A significant percentage of the investments are fixed maturity securities including debt issuances of corporations, US Treasury securities, or securities issued by government agencies. The primary market risks affecting the investment portfolio are interest rate risk, credit risk, and equity risk. The Company's investment portfolio, including the creditworthiness and valuation of investment assets, as well as availability of new investments may be adversely affected as a result of market developments related to the COVID-19 pandemic and uncertainty regarding its ultimate severity and duration. 
 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 
 Interest rate risk arises from the price sensitivity of investments to changes in interest rates. Interest represents the greatest portion of an investment's return for most fixed maturity securities in stable interest rate environments. The changes in the fair value of such investments are inversely related to changes in market interest rates. As interest rates fall, the interest and dividend streams of existing fixed-rate investments become more valuable and fair values rise. As interest rates rise, the opposite effect occurs. 
 
 We work to mitigate our exposure to adverse interest rate movements through laddering the maturities of the fixed maturity investments and through maintaining cash and other short term investments to assure sufficient liquidity to meet our obligations and to address reinvestment risk considerations. Due to the composition of our book of insurance business, we believe it is unlikely that we would encounter large surrender activity due to an interest rate increase that would force the disposal of fixed maturities at a loss. 
 
 Additionally, USALSC is a member of the FHLB of Topeka, which provides access to liquidity and further reduces the likelihood of disposing of fixed maturities at a loss. 
 
 Credit Risk 
 
 We are exposed to credit risk through counterparties and within the investment portfolio. Credit risk relates to the uncertainty associated with an obligor's ability to make timely payments of principal and interest in accordance with the contractual terms of an instrument or contract. We manage our credit risk through established investment policies and guidelines which address the quality of creditors and counterparties, concentration limits, diversification practices and acceptable risk levels. These policies and guidelines are regularly reviewed and approved by senior management and USAC's Board of Directors. 

25

Table of Contents 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 The impact of COVID-19 on the Company is evolving, and its future effects are not yet quantified. The Company continues to monitor the effects and risks of COVID-19 to assess its impact on the Company's business, sales, financial condition, results of operations, liquidity and capital position. Death claims have increased 29 from the prior year, but it is currently impossible to quantify the amount of such increase that can be attributed to COVID-19 deaths and deaths not directly attributable to COVID-19. 
 
 Premium income, deposits to policyholder account balances, investment income, and capital raising are the primary sources of funds while withdrawals of policyholder account balances, investment purchases, policy benefits in the form of claims, and operating expenses are the primary uses of funds. To ensure we will be able to pay future commitments, the funds received as premium payments and deposits are invested in primarily fixed income securities. Funds are invested with the intent that the income from investments, plus proceeds from maturities, will in the future meet our ongoing cash flow needs. The approach of matching asset and liability durations and yields requires an appropriate mix of investments. Our investments consist primarily of marketable debt securities that could be readily converted to cash for liquidity needs. Cash flow projections and cash flow tests under various market interest scenarios are also performed annually to assist in evaluating liquidity needs and adequacy. As a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank, USALSC has immediate access to additional cash liquidity, if needed. 
 
 Net cash provided by operating activities was 4,787,903 for the year ended December 31, 2022. The primary sources of cash from operating activities were premiums received from policyholders as well as investment income. The primary uses of cash for operating activities were for payments of commissions to agents and settlement of policy liabilities. Net cash used in investing activities was 9,804,712. The primary use of cash was the purchase of fixed maturity, mortgage, and equity investments. Cash provided by financing activities was 1,152,968. The primary sources of cash were receipts on deposit-type contracts. 
 
 The following chart and graph illustrate our five-year trend of cash flow from insurance activities: 

Cash flow from insurance activities is a non-GAAP financial measure. Cash flow from insurance activities combines cash flow from operations with the net cash received from deposit type contracts to show the impact of our insurance operations on our cash flows. Cash flow from deposit type contracts is primarily made up of funds received into our annuity products. The following table reconciles cash flow from operations to cash flow from insurance activities: 

Cash Flow 

Net Cash Flow 

Cash Flow 

From 

From Deposit 

from Insurance 

Year 
 
 Operations 

Type Contracts 

Activities 

2018 

2,249,068 

2,598,564 

4,847,632 

2019 

2,270,041 

2,176,602 

4,446,643 

2020 

2,099,401 

4,592,576 

6,691,977 

2021 

3,411,873 

2,050,078 

5,461,951 

2022 

4,787,903 

2,145,995 

6,933,898 

26

Table of Contents 

At December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents totaling 4,091,507. We believe that our existing cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to fund the anticipated operating expenses and capital expenditures for the foreseeable future. We have based this estimate upon assumptions that may prove to be wrong and we could use our capital resources sooner than we currently expect. The growth of USALSC and DCLIC, our insurance subsidiaries, is uncertain and may require additional capital as they continue to grow. 
 
 Impact of Inflation 
 
 Insurance premiums are established before the amount of losses, or the extent to which inflation may affect such losses and expenses, are known. We attempt, in establishing premiums, to anticipate the potential impact of inflation. If, for competitive reasons, premiums cannot be increased to anticipate inflation, this cost would be absorbed by us. Inflation also affects the rate of investment return on the investment portfolio with a corresponding effect on investment income. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 We have no off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital expenditures or capital resources that is material to investors. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As a smaller reporting company , the Company is not required to provide disclosure pursuant to this item. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

The consolidated financial statements are included as part of this reporting beginning on page F-1. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

There are not and have not been any disagreements between USAC and its auditor, Kerber, Eck and Braeckel LLP on any matter of accounting principles, practices or financial statement disclosure. 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

We have established disclosure controls and procedures to ensure, among other things, material information relating to our Company, including our consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to our officers who certify our financial reports and to the other members of our senior management and the Board of Directors. 
 
 As required by Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(b), management of the Company, including the Chief Executive Officer and the Vice President and Principal Financial Officer conducted an evaluation as of the end of the period covered by this report, of the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and procedures as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e). Based upon an evaluation at the end of the period, the Chief Executive Officer and the Vice President concluded that the disclosure controls and procedures are effective in timely alerting them to material information relating to us and our consolidated subsidiaries required to be disclosed in our periodic reports under the exchange act. 
 
 There were no changes to the Company s internal control over financial reporting as defined in Exchange Act Rule 13a-15(f) during the year ended December 31, 2022 that have materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Company s control over financial reporting. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 

None. 

ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 

Not applicable. 

27

Table of Contents 

PART III 

ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 

The information required by this item is set forth under the captions Proposal One-Election of Directors, Corporate Governance, Executive Officers and Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance in our definitive proxy statement to be filed in connection with our 2023 annual stockholders meeting 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

The information required by this item is set forth under the captions Director and Management Compensation in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The information required by this item is set forth under the captions Security Ownership in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

The information required by this item is set forth under the captions Certain Relationships and Related Parties in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

ITEM 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The information required by this item is set forth under the caption Principal Accountant Fees and Services in our 2023 Proxy Statement and is incorporated herein by reference. 

28

Table of Contents 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(1) 
 Consolidated financial statements: 

The list of financial statements filed with this Annual Report on Form 10-K is provided on page F-1. 
 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 
 
 We have omitted schedules required by applicable SEC accounting regulations because they are either not required under the related instructions, are inapplicable, or we present the required information in the financial statements or notes thereto. 
 
 Exhibit Index 

2.1 
 Plan and Agreement of Merger amount Northern Plains Capital Corporation, US Alliance Corporation and Acquisition Merger Sub, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.1 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on June 1, 2017 (File No. 333-218389), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 2.1. 

2.2 
 Amendment dated May 21, 2017 to Plan and Agreement of Merger among Northern Plains Capital Corporation, US Alliance Corporation and Acquisition Merger Sub, Inc., filed as Exhibit 2.2 to the Company's Registration Statement on Form S-4 filed on June 1, 2017 (File No. 333-218389), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 2.2. 

2.3 
 Stock Purchase Agreement dated October 11, 2018 between Great Western Insurance Company and US Alliance Life and Security Company, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 16, 2018 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 2.3. 

3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of US Alliance Corporation (filed as Exhibit 3.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on May 2, 2016 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 3.1. 

3.1.1 
 First Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of US Alliance Corporation, filed as Exhibit 3.1.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2017 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 3.1.1. 

3.1.2 
 Second Amendment to the Articles of Incorporation of US Alliance Corporation, filed as Exhibit 3.1.2 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2017 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 3.1.2. 

3.2 
 Bylaws of US Alliance Corporation (filed as Exhibit 3.2 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on May 2, 2016 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 3.2. 

3.2.1 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Bylaws of US Alliance Corporation, filed as Exhibit 3.2.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 9, 2017 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 3.1.1. 

4.1 
 Form of Warrant to Purchase Common Shares of US Alliance Corporation, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to the Company s Registration Statement on Form 10 filed on May 2, 2016 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 4.1. 

29

Table of Contents 

4.2 
 Description of US Alliance Corporation s Securities Registered pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 2, 2020, (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 4.2. 

10.1 
 Automatic Yearly Term Reinsurance Agreement between US Alliance Life and Security Company and General Re Life Insurance Corporation, filed as Exhibit 10.2 to the amended Company's Registration Statement on Form 10 filed June 29, 2016 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.1. 

10.2 
 Group Long Term and Short Term Disability Reinsurance Agreement between US Alliance Life and Security Company and Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company, DBA Custom Disability Solutions, filed as Exhibit 10.3 to the Company's amended Registration Statement on Form 10 filed June 29, 2016 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.2. 

10.3 
 Automatic Reinsurance Agreement between US Alliance Life and Security Company and Optimum Re Insurance Company (schedules omitted), filed as Exhibit 10.4 to the Company's amended Registration Statement on Form 10 filed June 29, 2016 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.3. 

10.4 
 Bulk Reinsurance Agreement between US Alliance Life and Security Company and Optimum Re Insurance Company, filed as Exhibit 10.5 to the Company's amended Registration Statement on Form 10 filed June 29, 2016 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.5. 

10.5 
 Group Medical Reinsurance Agreement between US Alliance Life and Security Company and Unified Life Insurance Company, filed as Exhibit 10.6 to the Company's amended Registration Statement on Form 10 filed June 29, 2016 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.5. 

10.6.1 
 Investment Management Agreement between US Alliance Investment Corporation and General Re - New England Asset Management, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.7.1 to the Company's amended Registration Statement on Form 10 filed June 29, 2016 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.6.1. 

10.6.2 
 Subadvisory Investment Management Agreement between US Alliance Investment Corporation and General Re - New England Asset Management, Inc., filed as Exhibit 10.17.2 to the Company's amended Registration Statement on Form 10 filed June 29, 2016 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.6.2. 

10.7 
 Third Party Insurance Services Agreement between US Alliance Life and Security Company and Dakota Capital Life Insurance Company, as amended, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to the Company's amended Registration Statement on Form 10 filed June 29, 2016 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.7. 

10.8 
 Critical Illness Reinsurance Treaty, Effective 9/1/16 between US Alliance Life and Security Company and General Re Life Corporation, filed as Exhibit 10.9 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 17, 2017 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.8. 

10.9 
 Critical Illness Reinsurance Treaty, Effective 9/1/16 between US Alliance Life and Security Company and Unified Life Insurance Company, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed February 17, 2017 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.9. 

10.10 
 Coinsurance Agreement between US Alliance Life and Security Company and American Life Security Company of Nebraska effective as of September 30, 2017, filed as Exhibit 10.11 to the Company Annual Report filed on February 21, 2018 (File No. 000-55627) is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.10 

30

Table of Contents 

10.10.1 
 Amendment No. 1 to ALSC 2017 Coinsurance Agreement effective as of June 1, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.10.1 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2021 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.10.1. 

10.10.2 
 Second Amendment to ALSC 2017 Coinsurance Agreement effective as of December 31, 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.10.2 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2021 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.10.2. 

10.11 
 Employment Agreement dated June 4, 2018 between US Alliance Corporation and Jeffrey Brown, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on June 7, 2018 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.11. 

10.12 
 Coinsurance Agreement effective January 1, 2020 between US Alliance Life and Security Company and American Life Security Corporation, filed as Exhibit 10.12 to the Company s Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q filed on May 12, 2020, (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.12. 

10.13 
 Commercial Real Estate Contract dated November 16, 2020 between Dakota Life Insurance Company and Trinity Life Insurance Company, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company s Current Report on Form 8-K filed on November 20, 2020, (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.13. 

10.14 
 Assumption Reinsurance Agreement effective December 31, 2020 between Dakota Life Insurance Company and American Life Security Corporation, filed as Exhibit 10.14 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K filed on February 23, 2021 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.14. 

10.15 
 Employment Agreement dated March 15, 2021 between US Alliance Corporation and Jeffrey Brown, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on March 18, 2021 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.15. 

10.16 
 Employment Agreement dated September 28, 2021 between US Alliance Corporation and Jack Brier, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on October 1, 2021 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.16. 

10.17 
 Amendment to Employment Agreement dated January 1, 2023 between US Alliance Corporation and Jack Brier, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to the Company's Current Report on Form 8-K filed on January 6, 2023 (File No. 000-55627), is incorporated herein by reference as Exhibit 10.17. 

21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries 

24.1 
 Power of Attorney (contained in the signature page herein) 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer of US Alliance Corporation pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer of US Alliance Corporation pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.1 
 Certifications of the Chief Executive Officer of US Alliance pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

32.2 
 Certifications of the Principal Financial Officer of US Alliance pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 

31

Table of Contents 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Labels 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Manangement or Compensatory Contract 
 Filed herewith 
 XBRL information is furnished and not filed or a part of a registration statement or prospectus for purposes of sections 11 or 12 of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, is deemed not filed for purposes of section 18 of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and otherwise is not subject to liability under these sections. 

32

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

US ALLIANCE CORPORATION 

(Registrant) 

Date: February 22, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Jack H. Brier 

Jack H. Brier 

President and Chairman 

(principal executive officer) 

33

Table of Contents 

POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 Know all people by these presents, that each person whose signature appears below constitutes and appoints Jack H. Brier his or her true and lawful attorneys-in-fact and agents, with full power of substitution and resubstitution, for him or her and in his or her name, place and stead, in any and all capacities, to sign any amendments to this annual report on Form 10-K, and to file the same, with all exhibits thereto, with the Securities and Exchange Commission, granting unto said attorneys-in-fact and agents, and each of them, full power and authority to do and perform each and every act and thing requisite and necessary to be done in and about the premises, as fully and to all intents and purposes as he or she might or could do in person, hereby confirming all that said attorneys-in-fact and agents or either of them, or his or their substitute or substitutes, may lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue hereof. 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Company and in the capacities indicated on January 29, 2016. 

Signature 
 
 Title 

/S/ Jack H. Brier 
 
 President and Chairman 

Jack H. Brier 

/S/ Jeff Brown 
 
 Vice-President, Principal Financial Officer and Treasuer 

Jeff Brown 

/S/ Jim Poolman 
 
 Director 

Jim Poolman 

/S/ John Helms 
 
 Director 

John Helms 

/S/ James Concannon 
 
 Director. 

James Concannon 

/S/ William Graves 
 
 Director. 

William Graves 

Table of Contents 

US Alliance Corporation 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 (With Independent Auditor s Report Thereon) 

Table of Contents 

Contents 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID F-1 
 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets F-2 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss F-3 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders Equity F-4 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows F-5 
 Supplemental Cash Flow Information F-6 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements F-7 F-29 

Table of Contents 

To the Board of Directors and 
 Shareholders of US Alliance Corporation 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of US Alliance Corporation and Subsidiaries (the Company) as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the related consolidated statements of comprehensive income, changes in shareholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the years in the two-year period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These consolidated financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the consolidated financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the consolidated financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the consolidated financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2016. 
 
 /s/ 
 
 February 21, 2023 

F-1

Table of Contents 

US Alliance Corporation 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 

December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 
 Assets 
 Investments: 
 Available for sale fixed maturity securities (amortized cost: 70,615,724 and 35,256,039 as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively) 
 Equity securities, at fair value 
 Mortgage loans on real estate 
 Funds withheld under coinsurance agreement, at fair value 
 Other invested assets 
 Policy loans 
 Real estate, net of depreciation 
 Total investments 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 Investment income due and accrued 
 Reinsurance related assets 
 Deferred acquisition costs, net 
 Value of business acquired, net 
 Property, equipment and software, net 
 Goodwill 
 Deferred tax asset, net of valuation allowance 
 Other assets 
 Total assets 

Liabilities and Shareholders' Equity 
 Liabilities: 
 Policy liabilities 
 Deposit-type contracts 
 Policyholder benefit reserves 
 Dividend accumulation 
 Advance premiums 
 Total policy liabilities 
 
 Accounts payable and accrued expenses 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advance 
 Other liabilities 
 Total liabilities 
 
 Shareholders' Equity: 
 Common stock, 0.10 par value. Authorized 20,000,000 shares; issued and outstanding 7,746,922 and 7,745,404 shares as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid-in capital 
 Accumulated deficit 
 Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) 
 Total shareholders' equity 
 
 Total liabilities and shareholders' equity 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-2

Table of Contents 

US Alliance Corporation 

Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Loss 

Years Ended December 31, 
 2022 2021 
 Income: 
 Premium income 
 Net investment income 
 Net investment gains (losses) 
 Other income 
 Total income 
 
 Expenses: 
 Death claims 
 Policyholder benefits 
 Increase in policyholder reserves 
 Commissions, net of deferrals 
 Amortization of deferred acquisition costs 
 Amortization of value of business acquired 
 Salaries benefits 
 Other operating expenses 
 Total expense 
 
 Net loss 
 
 Federal income tax benefit 
 Total federal income tax benefit 
 
 Net Income (loss) 
 
 Net income (loss) per common share, basic and diluted 
 
 Unrealized net holding losses arising during the period, net of tax 
 Reclassification adjustment for (gains) losses included in net loss 
 
 Other comprehensive loss 
 
 Comprehensive loss 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-3

Table of Contents 

US Alliance Corporation 

Consolidated Statements of Changes in Shareholders' Equity 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

Accumulated 
 Number of Other 
 Shares of Common Additional Comprehensive Accumulated 
 Common Stock Stock Paid-in Capital Income (Loss) Deficit Total 
 Balance, December 31, 2020 
 Common stock issued, 7 per share 
 Costs associated with common stock issued - 
 Other comprehensive loss - 
 Net income - 
 Balance, December 31, 2021 
 Common stock issued, 7 per share 
 Costs associated with common stock issued - 
 Other comprehensive loss - 
 Net loss - 
 Balance, December 31, 2022 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-4

Table of Contents 

US Alliance Corporation 

Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows from operating activities: 

Net income (loss) 

() 

Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Net (gains) losses realized on the sale of securities 

() 

Unrealized (gains) losses on equity securities 

() 

Change in fair value of embedded derivative 

(Accretion) amortization of investment securities, net 

() 

Deferred acquisition costs capitalized 

() 

() 

Deferred acquisition costs amortized 

Value of business acquired amortized 

Interest credited on deposit type contracts 

(Increase) decrease in operating assets: 

Change in funds withheld 

() 

() 

Investment income due and accrued 

() 

() 

Reinsurance related assets 

() 

Deferred tax assets, net of valuation allowance 

() 

() 

Other assets 

Increase (decrease) in operating liabilities: 

Policyowner benefit reserves 

Dividend Accumulation 

Advance premiums 

Other liabilities 

() 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

() 

() 

Net cash provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from investing activities: 

Purchase of fixed income investments 

() 

() 

Purchase of equity investments 

() 

() 

Purchase of mortgage investments 

() 

() 

Purchase of other invested assets 

() 

Proceeds from fixed income sales and repayments 

Proceeds from equity sales 

Proceeds from mortgage repayments 

Transfers from (to) funds withheld 

Interest on policy loans 

Increase (decrease) in policy loans 

() 

Purchase of property, equipment and software 

() 

() 

Net cash used in investing activities 

() 

() 

Cash Flows from financing activities: 

Receipts on deposit-type contracts 

Withdrawals on deposit-type contracts 

() 

() 

Repayment of FHLB advance 

() 

Proceeds received from issuance of common stock, net of costs of issuance 

() 

Net cash provided by financing activities 

Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents 

() 

Cash and Cash Equivalents: 

Beginning 

Ending 

See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

F-5

Table of Contents 

US Alliance Corporation 

Supplemental Cash Flow Information 

Years Ended December 31, 

2022 

2021 

Supplemental Disclosure of Non-Cash Information 

Funds withheld assumed deposits on deposit-type contracts 

Funds withheld assumed withdrawals on deposit-type contracts 

() 

() 

Commissions and expense allowances deducted from funds withheld 

() 

() 

Assets transferred on settlement of funds withheld 

Investment income due and accrued transferred on settlement of funds withheld 

Reinsurance related assets transferred on settlement of funds withheld 

Investment expenses payable transferred on settlement of funds withheld 

() 

F-6

Table of Contents 

US Alliance Corporation 
 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

investment securities that were evaluated to be other than temporarily impaired. 
 
 valuation allowance against mortgage loans as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

The Company evaluates whether a mortgage loan modification represents a troubled debt restructuring. In a troubled debt restructuring, the Company grants concessions related to the borrower s financial difficulties. Generally, the types of concessions include: reduction of the contractual interest rate, extension of the maturity date at an interest rate lower than current market interest rates and/or a reduction of accrued interest. The Company considers the amount, timing and extent of the concession granted in determining any impairment or changes in the specific valuation allowance recorded in connection with the troubled debt restructuring. Through the continuous monitoring process, the Company may have recorded a specific valuation allowance prior to when the mortgage loan is modified in a troubled debt restructuring. Accordingly, the carrying value (after specific valuation allowance) before and after modification through a troubled debt restructuring may not change significantly, or may increase if the expected recovery is higher than the pre-modification recovery assessment. 

per depositor per insured institution. The Company s financial institution is a member of a network that participates in the Insured Cash Sweep (ICS) program. By participating in ICS, the Company s deposits in excess of the insured limit are apportioned and placed in demand deposit accounts at other financial institutions in amounts under the insured limit. As a result, the Company can access insurance coverage from multiple financial institutions while working directly with one. The Company had amounts uninsured as of December 31, 2022. The Company has not experienced any losses in such accounts and believes it is not exposed to any significant credit risk on cash and cash equivalents. 

allowances as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Capitalization of commissions, sales and issue expenses 
 Amortization net of interest 
 Balance at end of period 

years. 

In addition, we may consider refinements in estimates due to improved capabilities resulting from administrative or actuarial system upgrades. We consider such enhancements to determine whether and to what extent they are associated with prior periods or simply improvements in the projection of future expected gross profits due to improved functionality. To the extent they represent such improvements, these items are applied to the appropriate financial statement line items in a manner similar to unlocking adjustments. 
 
 -year period. Furniture and equipment are depreciated over no longer than a -year period. Major categories of depreciable assets and the respective book values as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are represented below. 

Furniture and equipment 
 Accumulated depreciation 
 Balance at end of period 

All of the Company s tax returns are subject to U.S. federal, state and local income tax examinations by tax authorities. The Company had known uncertain tax benefits included in its provision for income taxes as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. The Company s policy is to recognize interest and penalties (if applicable) as an element of the provision for income taxes in the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 The tax years which remain subject to examination by taxing authorities are the years ended December 31, 2019 through 2022. 

Deposits received 
 Interest credited 
 Withdrawals 
 Balance at end of period 

The premium deposit funds credit interest based upon a fixed interest rate set by the Company. The Company has the ability to change this rate subject to minimums established by law or administrative regulation. 

Liabilities for premium deposit fund deposit-type contracts are included without reduction for potential surrender charges. This liability is equal to the accumulated account deposits, plus interest credited, and less withdrawals. The following table provides information about premium deposit fund deposit-type contracts for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Deposits received 
 Interest credited 
 Withdrawals 
 Balance at end of period 

and and is included as a part of policyholder benefit reserves. 

per share with shares authorized. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021 the company had and common shares issued and outstanding, respectively. 
 
 Earnings per share attributable to the Company s common stockholders were computed based on the net income (loss) and the weighted average number of shares outstanding during each year. The weighted average number of shares outstanding during the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 were and shares, respectively. Potential common shares are excluded from the computation when their effect is anti-dilutive. Basic and diluted net gain (loss) per common share is the same for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

on its Whole Life products and on its term life products. The Company also reinsures of the risk on its individual accidental death benefit rider. The Company retains of the risk for each covered life on its group life product to a maximum of on any individual person. The Company retains of the risk for each covered life on its group accidental death and dismemberment product to a maximum of on any individual person. The Company also has catastrophic reinsurance coverage to protect against three or more group life deaths resulting from a single event. The Company also reinsures of the risk on its group disability products. The Company reinsurers of the risk on its critical illness product. Optimum Re Insurance Company (a subsidiary of Optimum Group), General Reinsurance Corporation (a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway), Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company (a subsidiary of Tokio Marine Holdings), Hartford Life and Accident Company, and Unified Life Insurance Company provide reinsurance for USALSC and DCLIC. The Company evaluates the financial condition of its reinsurers to minimize its exposure to losses from reinsurer insolvencies. Management believes that any liabilities arising from this contingency would not be material to the Company s financial position. 

- Interest Rate Risk: Interest rate fluctuations could impair an insurance company's ability to pay policyholder benefits with operating and investment cash flows, cash on hand and other cash sources. Annuity products expose the risk that changes in interest rates will reduce any spread, or the difference between the amounts that the insurance company is required to pay under the contracts and the amounts the insurance subsidiary is able to earn on its investments intended to support its obligations under the contracts. Spread is a key component of revenues. 
 
 To the extent that interest rates credited are less than those generally available in the marketplace, policyholder lapses, policy loans and surrenders, and withdrawals of life insurance policies and annuity contracts may increase as contract holders seek to purchase products with perceived higher returns. This process may result in cash outflows requiring that an insurance subsidiary sell investments at a time when the prices of those investments are adversely affected by the increase in market interest rates, which may result in realized investment losses. 
 
 Increases in market interest rates may also negatively affect profitability in periods of increasing interest rates. The ability to replace invested assets with higher yielding assets needed to fund the higher crediting rates that may be necessary to keep interest sensitive products competitive. The Company therefore may have to accept a lower spread and thus lower profitability or face a decline in sales and greater loss of existing contracts. 
 
 Conversely, in a period of prolonged low interest rates it is difficult to invest assets and earn the rate of return necessary to support insurance products. 
 
 Policy lapses in excess of those actuarially anticipated would have a negative impact on our financial performance. 
 
 Profitability could be reduced if lapse and surrender rates exceed the assumptions upon which the insurance policies were priced. Policy sales costs are deferred and recognized over the life of a policy. Excess policy lapses, however, cause the immediate expensing or amortizing of deferred policy sales costs. 
 
 - Investment Risk: Our invested assets are subject to customary risks of defaults and changes in market values. Factors that may affect the overall default rate on, and market value of, the invested assets include interest rate levels, financial market performance, and general economic conditions. 
 
 - Assumptions Risk: In the life insurance business, assumptions as to expected mortality, lapse rates and other factors in developing the pricing and other terms of life insurance products are made. These assumptions are based on industry experience and are reviewed and revised regularly by an outside actuary to reflect actual experience on a current basis. However, variation of actual experience from that assumed in developing such terms may affect a product's profitability or sales volume and in turn adversely impact our revenues. 

Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts 
 
 In August 2018, the FASB issued ASU 2018 - 12 Targeted Improvements to the Accounting for Long-Duration Contracts. ASU 2018 - 12 requires periodic reassessment of actuarial and discount rate assumptions used in the valuation of policyholder liabilities and deferred acquisition costs arising from the issuance of long-duration insurance and reinsurance contracts, with the effects of the changes in cash flow assumptions reflected in earnings and the effects of changes in discount rate assumptions reflected in other comprehensive income. Under current accounting guidance, the actuarial and discount rate assumptions are set at the contract inception date and not subsequently changed, except in limited circumstances. ASU 2018 - 12 also requires new disclosures and is effective for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2023, with early adoption permitted. We are evaluating the effect this standard will have on our Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 Income Taxes - Simplifying the Accounting for Income Taxes 
 
 In December 2019, the FASB issued updated guidance (Accounting Standards Update 2019 - 12 for the accounting for income taxes. The updated guidance is intended to simplify the accounting for income taxes by removing several exceptions contained in existing guidance and amending other existing guidance to simplify several other income tax accounting matters. The updated guidance was effective for the quarters ending and after March 31, 2021. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material effect on the Company s results of operations, financial position or liquidity. 
 
 All other new accounting standards and updates of existing standards issued through the date of this filing were considered by management and did not relate to accounting policies and procedures pertinent or material to the Company at this time. 

Note 2. Investments 

Fixed Maturity 
 
 The amortized cost and fair value of available for sale investments as of December 31 is as follows: 

Corporate bonds 
 Municipal bonds 
 Redeemable preferred stock 
 Term loans 
 Mortgage backed and asset backed securities 
 Total available for sale 

Corporate bonds 
 Municipal bonds 
 Redeemable preferred stock 
 Mortgage backed and asset backed securities 
 Total available for sale 

The amortized cost and fair value of debt securities as of
 December 31, 2022 and
 2021, by contractual maturity, is as follows. Actual maturities
 may differ from contractual maturities because borrowers
 may have the right to call or prepay obligations with or without call or prepayment penalties.

After one year through five years 
 After five years through ten years 
 More than 10 years 
 Redeemable preferred stocks 
 Mortgage backed and asset backed securities 
 Total amortized cost and fair value 

Proceeds from the sale of securities, maturities, and asset paydowns in 2022 and 2021 were and , respectively. Realized gains and losses related to the sale of securities are summarized as follows: 

Gross losses 
 Realized gains (losses) 

Gross unrealized losses by duration are summarized as follows: 
 
 - - 
 Corporate bonds 
 Municipal bonds 
 Redeemable preferred stock 
 Term loans - - 
 Mortgage backed and asset backed securities 
 Total fixed maturities 

Municipal bonds 
 Redeemable preferred stock 
 Mortgage backed and asset backed securities 
 Total fixed maturities 

Unrealized losses occur from market price declines that may be due to a number of factors, including economic downturns, changes in interest rates, competitive forces within an industry, issuer specific events, operational difficulties, lawsuits, and market pricing anomalies caused by factors such as temporary lack of liquidity. 
 
 The total number of available for sale securities in the investment portfolio in an unrealized loss position as of December 31, 2022 was , which represented an unrealized loss of of the aggregate carrying value of those securities. The 230 securities breakdown as follows: bonds, mortgage and asset backed securities, term loans, and redeemable preferred stock. The Company determined that securities were considered to be other-than-temporarily impaired as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Mortgage Loans on Real Estate 
 
 The Company s mortgage loans by property type as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are summarized as follows: 

Land 
 Multi-property 
 Multi-family 
 Retail/Office 
 Total commercial mortgages 

The Company s mortgage loans by loan-to-value ratio as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are summarized as follows: 

Over 60 to 70 
 Over 50 to 60 
 Over 40 to 50 
 Over 30 to 40 
 Over 20 to 30 
 Over 10 to 20 
 Total 

The Company s mortgage loans by maturity date as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 are summarized as follows: 

After one year through five years 
 Total 

Investment Income, Net of Expenses 
 
 The components of net investment income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are as follows: 

Mortgages 
 Equity securities 
 Funds withheld 
 Other invested assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 
 
 Less investment expenses 

Net Investment Gains (losses) 
 
 Accounting standards require that the unrealized gains and losses on equity securities be reported as income on the consolidated statements of comprehensive income (loss). For the year ended December 31, 2022, net investment losses is comprised of of unrealized losses on our equity portfolio, net realized losses of , and a loss on the change in the fair value of our embedded derivatives of . For the year ended December 31, 2021, net investment gains is comprised of of unrealized gains on our equity portfolio, net realized gains of , and a loss on the change in the fair value of our embedded derivative of . 

Funds withheld 
 Reinsurance contract allocated hedge Reinsurance related assets 

The following table shows the change in the fair value of the derivative financial instruments in the consolidated statements of comprehensive loss: Net investment gains (losses) 
 Change in reinsurance contract allocated hedge Net investment gains (losses) 

The table below presents the amounts of assets measured at fair value on a recurring basis as of December 31, 2022 and 2021: 

Corporate bonds 
 Municipal bonds 
 Redeemable preferred stock 
 Term loans 
 Mortgage backed and asset backed securities 
 Total fixed maturities 
 Equities: 
 Common stock 
 Preferred stock 
 Total equities 
 Other invested assets 
 Reinsurance contract allocated hedge 
 Total 

Corporate bonds 
 Municipal bonds 
 Redeemable preferred stock 
 Mortgage backed and asset backed securities 
 Total fixed maturities 
 Equities: 
 Common stock 
 Preferred stock 
 Total equities 
 Funds withheld embedded derivative 
 Total 

The reconciliations for all assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis using significant unobservable inputs (Level 3 are as follows: 

Acquisition 
 Investment related gains (losses) 
 Settlement 
 Fair value, end of period 

The Company discloses the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities, including those financial assets and financial liabilities that are not measured and reported at fair value on a recurring basis or non-recurring basis. The methodologies for estimating the fair value of financial assets and financial liabilities that are measured at fair value on a recurring or non-recurring basis are discussed on the previous page. The estimated fair value approximates carrying value for accrued interest. The methodologies for other financial assets and financial liabilities are discussed below: 
 
 Cash and cash equivalents : The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. 
 
 Investment income due and accrued: The carrying amounts approximate fair value because of the short maturity of these instruments. 
 
 Mortgage loans on real estate: Mortgage loans are carried at their unpaid principal value as that is considered the fair market values for these loans. 
 
 Funds withheld : The carrying value of funds withheld at interest approximates fair value as funds are specifically identified in the agreement. The fair value of the specified funds is based on the fair value of the underlying assets that are held by the ceding company. The ceding company uses a variety of sources and pricing methodologies, which are not transparent to the Company and may include significant unobservable inputs to value the securities held in distinct portfolios, therefore the valuation of these funds withheld assets are considered Level 3 in the fair value hierarchy. 
 
 Policy loans : Policy loans are stated at unpaid principal balances. As these loans are fully collateralized by the cash surrender value of the underlying insurance policies, the carrying value of the policy loans approximates their fair value. 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank Advances: FHLB advances are stated at the outstanding principal balances and the carrying value approximates fair value. 
 
 Policyholder deposits in deposit-type contracts : The fair value for policyholder deposits deposit-type insurance contracts (accumulation annuities) is calculated using a discounted cash flow approach. Cash flows are projected using actuarial assumptions and discounted to the valuation date using risk-free rates adjusted for credit risk and the nonperformance risk of the liabilities. 

The estimated fair values of the Company s financial assets and liabilities at December 31 are as follows: 
 
 - 
 Mortgage loans on real estate - 
 Investment income due and accrued - 
 Reinsurance contract allocated hedge - 
 Policy loans - 
 Total Financial Assets (excluding available for sale investments) - 
 
 Financial Liabilities: 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advance - 
 Policyholder deposits in deposit-type contracts - 
 Total Financial Liabilities - 

Mortgage loans on real estate 
 Investment income due and accrued 
 Funds withheld 
 Policy loans 
 Total Financial Assets (excluding available for sale investments) 
 
 Financial Liabilities: 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advance 
 Policyholder deposits in deposit-type contracts 
 Total Financial Liabilities 

Note 5. Income Tax Provision 

USAC files federal income tax returns based on the type of return. USAC files a consolidated corporate federal income tax return with USAMC and USAIC. USASLC, DCLIC, and USALSC-MT file a consolidated life insurance federal income tax return. Certain items included in income reported for financial statement purposes are not included in taxable income for the current period, resulting in deferred income taxes. 
 
 A reconciliation of federal income tax expense computed by applying the federal income tax rate of to income before federal income tax expense for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, is summarized as follows: 
 Tax rate 
 Expected income tax benefit 
 Effect of tax-exempt income 
 Disallowed deductions 
 Change in unrealized - valuation allowance and unrealized gains 
 State income tax, net 
 Return-to-Provision adjustments 
 Prior period adjustments 
 Change in valuation allowance 
 Total 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company recognized total tax benefit of ). This benefit is comprised of current tax benefit of ) and a deferred tax benefit of ). For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company recognized a total tax benefit of ). This benefit is comprised of current tax expense of and a deferred tax benefit of ). 
 
 Deferred taxes reflect the net tax effects of temporary differences between the carrying amounts of assets and liabilities for financial reporting purposes and the amount used for income tax purposes. Significant components of the Company's deferred tax liabilities and assets as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 are summarized as follows: 

Unamortized start-up costs 
 Policyowner benefit reserves 
 Unrealized Losses 
 Tax DAC 
 Deferred tax asset valuation allowance 
 
 Deferred Tax Liabilities 
 GAAP DAC 
 Fixed assets 
 8 Year Spread 
 Value of business acquired 
 Other GAAP to Tax Differences 
 Unrealized gains 

Net Deferred Tax 

The Company has federal net operating loss ("NOL") and capital loss carryforwards of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The federal NOLs generated in the years ended December 31, 2009 through 2017 will begin to expire in 2027 for federal income tax purposes. NOLs originating before January 1, 2018 are eligible to offset taxable income, if not otherwise limited under Internal Revenue Code ("IRC") section 382 limitations. NOLs generated after December 31, 2017, have an indefinite carryforward period and are subject to deduction limitations based upon pre-NOL taxable income. 

Amounts due (to) from ceding company 

() 

Benefits and claim reserves assumed 

Assumed premium 

Allowances on ceded premium 

Allowances paid on assumed premium 

Assumed benefits and policyholder reserve increases 

The company currently reinsures business in excess of its retention with General Re Life Corporation, Reliance Standard Life Insurance Company, Unified Life Insurance Company, Hartford Life and Accident Company, and Optimum Re Insurance Company. The Company also currently assumes business under agreements with Unified Life Insurance Company and American Life and Security Corporation. 

and for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. The Company terminated its lease on its former Topeka headquarters effective December 31, 2020 and has no future rent obligations for this location. The Company maintained an office in Bismarck, ND with a lease that expired on September 30, 2021. 

shares of stock in USAC which are in escrow until 5 years after the termination of the public offering. The Company makes reimbursements to Brier Development Company, Inc. on behalf of Jack H. Brier for single coverage for long-term care, Medicare coverage, and an allowance for vehicle expenses. Reimbursements for these items were and for years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Note 9. Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 

One of the Company s subsidiaries, USALSC, is a member of the Federal Home Loan Bank of Topeka (FHLB), which provides access to collateralized borrowings. Any borrowings from FHLB requires the purchase of FHLB common stock in an amount equal to of the borrowing. On October 31, 2019, USALSC received an advance of based on USALSC purchasing of FHLB common stock. This regular fixed convertible advance has a year term with an FHLB option to convert to an adjustable rate on the 5th anniversary. The interest rate at issue was . On April 23, 2020 and June 22, 2020 the company took two additional advances with two year terms. The interest rate at issue was and respectively. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had outstanding advances of . 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, USALSC had pledged of mortgage backed securities and US treasuries to FHLB in support of its outstanding advance. 

of asset book value in this account. The Company placed additional assets into this trust account in 2015 and 2022 to meet the minimum deposit requirements for additional states. These assets were held in bonds and other invested assets with a statement value of and as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Additionally, the Company has a special deposit with the State of Missouri with asset book value of . Dakota Capital Life Insurance Company has of funds on deposit jointly owned with the North Dakota Insurance Department at the Bank of North Dakota. US Alliance Life and Security Company Montana has of funds on deposit jointly owned by the Montana Department of Insurance at Capitol Federal Savings Bank. 

The following table summarizes the statutory net income (loss) and statutory capital and surplus of US Alliance Life and Security Company, Dakota Capital Life Insurance Company, and US Alliance Life and Security Company - Montana for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Dakota Capital Life Insurance Company 
 US Alliance Life and Security Company - Montana 

Dakota Capital Life Insurance Company 
 US Alliance Life and Security Company - Montana 

The payment of dividends to US Alliance Corporation by US Alliance Life and Security Company is subject to limitations imposed by applicable insurance laws. For example, extraordinary dividends may not be paid without permission of the Kansas Insurance Department. An extraordinary dividend is defined, in general, as any dividend or distribution of cash or other property whose fair market value, compared with that of other dividends or distributions made within the preceding 12 months, exceeds the greater of (i) 10 of the policyholders surplus (total statutory capital stock and surplus) as of December 31 of the preceding year or (ii) the statutory net gain from operations excluding realized gains on investments) of the insurer for the 12 month period ending December 31 of the preceding year. 
 
 The payment of dividends to US Alliance Life and Security Company by Dakota Capital Life Insurance Company and US Alliance Life and Security Company Montana is subject to similar limitations. dividends were paid in 2022 or 2021. 

. As of December 31, 2022 no requests of capital have been made. 

. This contribution, pending Kansas Insurance Department approval, will increase US Alliance Life and Security Company surplus by 700,000. 
 
 The Company has evaluated subsequent events through February 21, 2023, the date on which the consolidated financial statements were issued. 

F-29

<EX-21.1>
 2
 ex_478374.htm
 EXHIBIT 21.1

ex_478374.htm 

EXHIBIT 21.1 

US Alliance Corporation 

Subsidiary 

Jurisdiction 

Percentage Ownership 

US Alliance Life and Security Company 

Kansas 

100 

US Alliance Marketing Corporation 

Kansas 

100 

US Alliance Investment Corporation 

Kansas 

100 

Dakota Capital Life Insurance Corporation 

North Dakota 

100 

US Alliance Life and Security Company - Montana 

Montana 

100 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-31.1>
 3
 ex_475315.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.1

ex_475315.htm 

Exhibit 31.1 

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER'S CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jack H. Brier, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of US Alliance Corporation (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant's other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant's fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant's ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant's internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Jack H. Brier 

Jack H. Brier 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 4
 ex_475316.htm
 EXHIBIT 31.2

ex_475316.htm 

Exhibit 31.2 

PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER S CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

I, Jeff Brown, certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of US Alliance Corporation (the registrant 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5. The registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

/s/ Jeff Brown 

Jeff Brown 

Vice-President and Principal Financial Officer 

Date: February 22, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 5
 ex_475317.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.1

ex_475317.htm 

Exhibit 32.1 

PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER S CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of US Alliance Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jack H. Brier, Chief Executive Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jack H. Brier 

Jack H. Brier 

President and Chief Executive Officer 

Date: February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 6
 ex_475318.htm
 EXHIBIT 32.2

ex_475318.htm 

Exhibit 32.2 

PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER S CERTIFICATION 

 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual Report of US Alliance Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jeff Brown, Vice-President and Principal Financial Officer of US Alliance Life and Security Company, a wholly-owned subsidiary of US Alliance Corporation, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to my knowledge: 

(1) The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jeff Brown 

Jeff Brown 

Vice-President and Principal Financial Officer 

Date: February 22, 2023 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 7
 usac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 8
 usac-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 9
 usac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 10
 usac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 11
 usac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE

</EX-101.PRE>

