<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1321517_0001493152-23-009872.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>1917026</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>117643</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>384628</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>627417</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>346372</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>399589</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>8</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001493152-23-009872.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330214536
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001493152-23-009872
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		31
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			Stratos Renewables Corp
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001321517
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	INDUSTRIAL ORGANIC CHEMICALS [2860]
		IRS NUMBER:				201699126
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			NV
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	000-53187
		FILM NUMBER:		23782843

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3535 EXECUTIVE TERMINAL DRIVE
		STREET 2:		SUITE 110
		CITY:			HENDERSON
		STATE:			NV
		ZIP:			89052
		BUSINESS PHONE:		3104984455

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		16211 N SCOTTSDALE ROAD STE 292,
		STREET 2:		ATT'N GEORGE SHARP
		CITY:			SCOTTSDALE
		STATE:			AZ
		ZIP:			85254

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Stratos Renewables CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20071127

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	New Design Cabinets, Inc.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20050323

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001493152-23-009872.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 form10-k.htm

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 WASHINGTON,
D.C. 20549 

FORM

ANNUAL
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE FISCAL YEAR ENDED , 

 OR 

TRANSITION
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

FOR
THE TRANSITION PERIOD FROM ______ TO _____ 

COMMISSION
FILE NUMBER 

(Exact
name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

State
 or Other jurisdiction of 
 Incorporation
 or Organization 
 
 I.R.S.
 Employer Identification No. 

,

Address
 of Principal Executive Offices 
 
 Zip
 Code 

- 

Registrant s
Telephone Number, Including Area Code 

Former
Name, Former Address and Former Fiscal Year, if Changed Since Last Report 

Securities
registered under Section 12(b) of the Exchange Act: 

Title
 of each class registered: 
 
 Name
 of each exchange on which registered: 
 
 None 
 
 None 

Securities
registered under Section 12(g) of the Act: 

(Title
of class) 

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed be Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2)
has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 

No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically and posted on its corporate Web site, if any, every Interactive Data
File required to be submitted and posted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit and post such files). 

Yes

Indicate
by check mark if disclosure of delinquent filers pursuant to Item 405 of Regulation S-K (Section 229.405 of this chapter) is not contained
herein, and will not be contained, to the best of registrant s knowledge, in definitive proxy or information statements incorporated
by reference in Part III of this Form 10-K or any amendment to this Form 10-K. 

Yes
 No 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, smaller reporting company,
or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller
reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 

Large
 accelerated filer 
 
 Accelerated
 filer 

Smaller
 reporting company 

Emerging
 growth company 

If
an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying
with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate
by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). 

No . 

The
aggregate market value of the voting common stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant (assuming executive officers, directors
and our largest shareholder whose representative serves on the Board of Directors are affiliates) was approximately as
of June 30, 2022, the end of our fiscal second quarter, computed on the basis of the closing price on such date. 

As
of March 27, 2023, there were shares of the registrant s common stock outstanding. 

FORWARD
LOOKING STATEMENTS 

The
Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 provides a safe harbor for forward-looking statements, which are identified
by the words believe, expect, anticipate, intend, plan and similar
expressions. The statements contained herein which are not based on historical facts are forward-looking statements that involve known
and unknown risks and uncertainties that could significantly affect our actual results, performance or achievements in the future and,
accordingly, such actual results, performance or achievements may materially differ from those expressed or implied in any forward-looking
statements made by or on our behalf. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, risks associated with our ability
to successfully develop and protect our intellectual property, our ability to raise additional capital to fund future operations and
compliance with applicable laws and changes in such laws and the administration of such laws. These risks are described below and in
 Item 1. Business, Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations, 
and Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk included in this Form 10-K. Readers are cautioned
not to place undue reliance on these forward-looking statements which speak only as of the date the statements were made. 

2 

TABLE
OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

ITEM
 1. 
 BUSINESS 
 4 
 
 ITEM
 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 
 9 
 
 ITEM
 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 15 
 
 ITEM
 2. 
 PROPERTIES 
 16 
 
 ITEM
 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 16 
 
 ITEM
 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 16 

ITEM
 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 16 
 
 ITEM
 6. 
 SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 7. 
 MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 17 
 
 ITEM
 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 19 
 
 ITEM
 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 20 
 
 ITEM
 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 26 
 
 ITEM
 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 26 
 
 ITEM
 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION 
 27 

PART III 

ITEM
 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERANCE 
 27 
 
 ITEM
 11. 
 EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 28 
 
 ITEM
 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 29 
 
 ITEM
 13. 
 CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 30 
 
 ITEM
 14. 
 PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTING FEES AND SERVICES 
 30 

PART IV 

ITEM
 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

30 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 31 

3 

PART
I 

ITEM
1. BUSINESS 

As
used in this annual report, the terms we , us , our , the Company , mean Stratos
Renewables Corporation unless otherwise indicated. 

Organizational
History 

We
were incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 29, 2004 as New Design Cabinets, Inc. Prior to the closing of the Share Exchange,
as described below, we were an operating public company, attempting to establish a base of operations in the custom cabinetry and furniture
industry as a builder of specialty, custom designed cabinets and wine racks. From inception to the closing of the Share Exchange, we
had limited operations and generated a total of 61,900 in revenues from the sale of wine rack kits and the oversight of
various construction activities. 

On
November 14, 2007, pursuant to the Agreement Concerning the Exchange of Securities or the Share Exchange Agreement (the Share
Exchange ), by and among New Design Cabinets, Inc., Stratos Peru and the security holders of Stratos Peru, we acquired 999 or 99.9 
of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Stratos Peru, and issued 45,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001,
to the former common stockholders of Stratos Peru. Upon consummation of the Share Exchange, we commenced our business plan to develop
ethanol and sugar products in Peru through the cultivation, harvesting and processing of sugarcane in low cost growing locations. 

Stratos
Peru was incorporated in Lima, Peru, on February 27, 2007, under the name Estratosfera del Peru S.A.C. or Estratosfera. On July 11, 2007,
the shareholders of Estratosfera changed the name of the company from Estratosfera del Peru S.A.C. to Stratos del Peru S.A.C. 

Effective
November 20, 2007, we amended our articles of incorporation to change our name to Stratos Renewables Corporation. 

Our
last financial report was a Form 10-Q filed November 17, 2009 for the quarter ended September 30, 2009. 

On
March 25, 2010, we filed a Form 15 with the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC to voluntarily effect the deregistration
of our common stock. We were eligible to deregister by filing a Form 15 because we had fewer than 300 holders of record of our common
stock. Upon the filing of a Form 15, our obligation to file certain reports with the SEC, including Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, were immediately
suspended. 

On
June 15, 2021, George Sharp was appointed as our custodian by Order Granting Motion to Appoint George Sharp as Custodian and For Temporary
Restraining Order on Order Shortening Time (Case No. A-21-835772-B, Dept. No.: 13) issued by the District Court of the State of Nevada
in and for Clark County (the Court Order ). Under his authority as Custodian George Sharp appointed himself as the sole
member of the Board and President, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company by resolutions of the registrant s Board of Directors
on June 15, 2021. On December 10, 2021, in recognition of the 50,000 cash invested and 50,000 in consulting fees accrued by George
Sharp for professional and regulatory fees to reinstate the registrant in the State of Nevada and to have the Company become current
in its filings under the SEC s recently imposed requirements for public companies operating under SEC Rule 15c2-11 that mandated
the filing of current financial and corporate disclosures to be submitted to OTC Markets by December 31, 2021 and to have OTC Markets
declare the Company current by September 30, 2021, the Board issued 300,000 shares of the authorized blank check 
preferred stock to George Sharp with 10,000 votes for each share of preferred stock to give voting control to Mr. Sharp. Mr. Sharp engaged
BF Borgers CPA PC as the Company s auditor to audit the financial statements prepared under Mr. Sharp s supervision to allow
for the necessary filings with the SEC to have the Company be subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC, including the filing
of annual and quarterly financial reports. 

On
September 21, 2021 we filed a Motion to Require Written Proof of Claim on Order Shortening Time in the District Court of the State of
Nevada in and for Clark County under NRS 78.347, 78.675 and other applicable provisions of Nevada law seeking an order barring unasserted
claims against Stratos Renewables and likewise barring all creditors and claimants of Stratos Renewables from participating in the distribution
of the assets of the Corporation as set forth in NRS 78.675. 

4 

On
September 27, 2021 we filed a Form 10-12G/A which we withdrew on November 19, 2021 to allow us to clarify the rights, preferences and
privileges of our Series B preferred shares. We filed on December 10, 2021 a Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of
State to provide that the Company designated 300,000 shares of Series B preferred stock with the voting rights of 10,000 shares of our
common stock for each share of Series B preferred stock but with no rights of conversion into shares or our common stock. 

On
April 29, 2022 the SEC declared our Form 10-12G/A effective. 

On
October 1, 2021 the District Court of the State of Nevada in and for Clark County entered an Order Granting Motion to Require Written
Proof of Claim requiring that any claimants and creditors of Stratos who fail to timely submit Proof of Claim as set forth in
this Order shall be barred from later presenting their claim to Stratos. On February 10, 2022, the District Court of the State
of Nevada in and for Clark County entered an Order that any and all claimants and creditors of Stratos are hereby barred from
presenting any claim to Stratos. 

On
July 6, 2022, the District Court in Clark County, Nevada, issued an Order granting the registrant s Motion to Cancel Shares of
Stratos Stock on an Order Shortening Time (Case No. A-21-835772-B). The Court found that George Sharp, following his being appointed
on June 15, 2021 as Custodian for the registrant, Stratos Renewables Corporation, audited the registrant s records and determined
that 89 purported shareholders held restricted shares of stock totaling 219,673,603 shares for which Mr. Sharp could not find any record
of any value received by the registrant for the issuance of these shares. Accordingly, the District Court issued an Order that the 219,673,603
shares of Stratos common stock registered to the shareholders on the List of Shareholders Holding Restricted Shares of Stratos Common
Stock attached to the Order as Exhibit 1 were cancelled. 

On
December 15, 2022, FINRA announced on the daily list a 5:1 forward split under which existing holder of our shares of common stock were
issued five shares of our common stock for each share of common stock held by such stockholders. 

Our
Business 

Based
on our proposed business activities, we are a blank check company. The SEC defines those companies as any development
stage company that is issuing a penny stock, within the meaning of Section 3(a)(51) of the Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, (the Exchange
Act and that has no specific business plan or purpose or has indicated that its business plan is to merge with an unidentified
company or companies. Under SEC Rule 12b-2 under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ), we
also qualify as a shell company, because we have no or nominal assets (other than cash) and no or nominal operations. Many
states have enacted statutes, rules and regulations limiting the sale of securities of blank check companies in their respective
jurisdictions. We intend to comply with the periodic reporting requirements of the Exchange Act for so long as we are subject to those
requirements. 

Our
principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination
with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. We will not restrict its potential candidate target companies to any specific
business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business or be acquired should such a reasonable opportunity
arise. 

We
intend to either retain an equity interest (common or preferred stock) in any private company we engage in a business combination or
we may receive cash and/or a combination of cash and equity from any private company with which we complete a business combination. Our
desire is that the value of such consideration paid to us would be beneficial economically to our shareholders though there is no assurance
of that happening. 

Management
of the Company will have substantial flexibility in identifying and selecting a prospective new business opportunity. The Company is
dependent on the judgment of its management in connection with this process. In evaluating a prospective business opportunity, we would
consider, among other factors, the following: 

costs
 associated with pursuing a new business opportunity; 

growth
 potential of the new business opportunity; 

experiences,
 skills and availability of additional personnel necessary to pursue a potential new business
 opportunity; 

necessary
 capital requirements; 

the
 competitive position of the new business opportunity; 

the
 competitive position of the new business opportunity; 

stage
 of business development; 

5 

the
 market acceptance of the potential products and services; 

proprietary
 features and degree of intellectual property; and 

the
 regulatory environment that may be applicable to any prospective business opportunity. 

The
foregoing criteria are not intended to be exhaustive and there may be other criteria that management may deem relevant. In connection
with an evaluation of a prospective or potential business opportunity, management may be expected to conduct a due diligence review. 

The
time and costs required to pursue new business opportunities, which includes negotiating and documenting relevant agreements and
preparing requisite documents for filing pursuant to applicable securities laws, can not be ascertained with any degree of
certainty. Management intends to devote such time as it deems necessary to carry out the Company s affairs. The exact length
of time required for the pursuit of any new potential business opportunities is uncertain. No assurance can be made that we will be
successful in our efforts. We cannot project the amount of time that our management will actually devote to the Company s plan
of operation. 

Effecting
a Business Combination 

Prospective
investors in our common stock will not have an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of any of the one or more
business combinations that we may undertake. A business combination may involve the acquisition of, or merger with, a company which
needs to raise substantial additional capital by means of being a publicly trading company, while avoiding what it may deem to be
adverse consequences of undertaking a public offering itself. These include time delays, significant expense, loss of voting control
and compliance with various Federal and State securities laws. A business combination may involve a company which may be financially
unstable or in its early stages of development or growth. 

The
Company Has Not Identified a Target Business or Target Industry 

Our
effort in identifying a prospective target business will not be limited to a particular industry and we may ultimately acquire a business
in any industry management deems appropriate. To date, the Company has not selected any target business on which to concentrate our search
for a business combination. While the Company intends to focus on target businesses in the United States, it is not limited to U.S. entities
and may consummate a business combination with a target business outside of the United States. Accordingly, there is no basis for investors
in the Company s common stock to evaluate the possible merits or risks of the target business or the particular industry in which
we may ultimately operate. To the extent we effect a business combination with a financially unstable company or an entity in its early
stage of development or growth, including entities without established records of sales or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks
inherent in the business and operations of financially unstable and early stage or potential emerging growth companies. In addition,
to the extent that we effect a business combination with an entity in an industry characterized by a high level of risk, we may be affected
by the currently unascertainable risks of that industry. An extremely high level of risk frequently characterizes many industries which
experience rapid growth. In addition, although the Company s management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular
industry or target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all significant risk factors. 

Sources
of Target Businesses 

Our
management anticipates that target business candidates will be brought to our attention from various unaffiliated sources, including
securities broker-dealers, investment bankers, venture capitalists, bankers and other members of the financial community, who may present
solicited or unsolicited proposals. Our management may also bring to our attention target business candidates. While we do not presently
anticipate engaging the services of professional firms that specialize in business acquisitions on any formal basis, we may engage these
firms in the future, in which event we may pay a finder s fee or other compensation in connection with a business combination.
In no event, however, will we pay management any finder s fee or other compensation for services rendered to us prior to or in
connection with the consummation of a business combination. 

Selection
of a Target Business and Structuring of a Business Combination 

Management
owns approximately 93 of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of the Company, and will have broad flexibility in identifying
and selecting a prospective target business. In evaluating a prospective target business, our management will consider, among other factors,
the following: 

financial
 condition and results of operation of the target company; 

growth
 potential; 

6 

experience
 and skill of management and availability of additional personnel; 

capital
 requirements; 

competitive
 position; 

stage
 of development of the products, processes or services; 

degree
 of current or potential market acceptance of the products, processes or services; 

proprietary
 features and degree of intellectual property or other protection of the products, processes
 or services; 

regulatory
 environment of the industry; and 

costs
 associated with effecting the business combination. 

These
criteria are not intended to be exhaustive. Any evaluation relating to the merits of a particular business combination will be based,
to the extent relevant, on the above factors as well as other considerations deemed relevant by our management in effecting a business
combination consistent with our business objective. In evaluating a prospective target business, we will conduct a due diligence review
which will encompass, among other things, meetings with incumbent management and inspection of facilities, as well as review of financial
and other information which will be made available to us. 

We
will endeavor to structure a business combination so as to achieve the most favorable tax treatment to us, the target business and both
companies stockholders. However, there can be no assurance that the Internal Revenue Service or applicable state tax authorities
will necessarily agree with the tax treatment of any business combination we consummate. 

The
time and costs required to select and evaluate a target business and to structure and complete the business combination cannot presently
be ascertained with any degree of certainty. Any costs incurred with respect to the identification and evaluation of a prospective target
business with which a business combination is not ultimately completed will result in a loss to us. 

Probable
Lack of Business Diversification 

While
we may seek to effect business combinations with more than one target business, it is more probable that we will only have the ability
to effect a single business combination, if at all. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be entirely dependent upon the future
performance of a single business. Unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several business combinations with entities
operating in multiple industries or multiple areas of a single industry, it is probable that we will lack the resources to diversify
our operations or benefit from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses. By consummating a business combination with only
a single entity, our lack of diversification may: 

subject
 us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
 have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent
 to a business combination, and 

result
 in our dependency upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number
 of products, processes or services. 

Very
Limited Liquidity of Our Common Stock 

Our
common stock occasionally trades on the OTC Pink Sheet Market, as there is no active market maker in our common stock. As a result, there
is only limited liquidity in our common stock. 

Limited
Ability to Evaluate the Target Business Management 

We
cannot assure you that our assessment of the target business management will prove to be correct. In addition, we cannot assure
you that the future management will have the necessary skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a public company intending to embark
on a program of business development. Furthermore, the future role of our director, if any, in the target business cannot presently be
stated with any certainty. 

7 

While
it is possible that our director will remain associated in some capacity with us following a business combination, it is unlikely that
he will devote his full efforts to our affairs subsequent to a business combination. Moreover, we cannot assure you that our director
will have significant experience or knowledge relating to the operations of the particular target business. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent management of the target business. We
cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or that additional managers will have the requisite skills,
knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Our
auditors Has Expressed Substantial Doubt About Our Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

Our
audited financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2021 and 2022, were prepared using the assumption that we will continue
our operations as a going concern. Our independent accountants in their audit report have expressed substantial doubt about our ability
to continue as a going concern. Our operations are dependent on our ability to raise sufficient capital or complete business combination
as a result of which we become profitable. Our financial statements do not include any adjustments that may result from the outcome of
this uncertainty. There is not enough cash on hand to fund our administrative expenses and operating expenses for the next twelve months.
Therefore, we may be unable to continue operations in the future as a going concern. If we cannot continue as a viable entity, our stockholders
may lose some or all of their investment in the Company s shares of common stock. 

Competition
and Market Condition 

In
identifying, evaluating and selecting a target business, we expect to encounter intense competition from other entities having a business
objective similar to ours. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying and effecting business
combinations, either directly or through affiliates. Many if not virtually most of these competitors possess far greater financial, human
and other resources compared to our resources. While we believe that there are numerous potential target businesses that we may identify,
our ability to compete in acquiring certain of the more desirable target businesses will be limited by our limited financial and human
resources. Our inherent competitive limitations are expected by management to give others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of
a target business that we may identify and seek to pursue. Further, any of these limitations may place us at a competitive disadvantage
in successfully negotiating a business combination. Our management believes, however, that our status as a reporting public entity with
potential access to the United States public equity markets may give us a competitive advantage over certain privately-held entities
having a similar business objective in acquiring a desirable target business with growth potential on favorable terms. 

If
we succeed in effecting a business combination, there will be, in all likelihood, intense competition from existing competitors of the
business we acquire. In particular, certain industries which experience rapid growth frequently attract an increasingly larger number
of competitors, including those with far greater financial, marketing, technical and other resources than the initial competitors in
the industry in which we seek to operate. The degree of competition characterizing the industry of any prospective target business cannot
presently be ascertained. We cannot assure you that, subsequent to a business combination, we will have the resources to compete effectively,
especially to the extent that the target business is in a high-growth industry. 

Employees 

George
Sharp, our Chief Executive Officer, is our sole executive officer. Mr. Sharp is not obligated to devote any specific number of hours
per week and, in fact, intends to devote only as much time as he deems reasonably necessary to administer the Company s affairs
until such time as a business combination is consummated. The amount of time he will devote in any time period will vary based on the
availability of suitable target businesses to investigate. We do not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the consummation
of a business combination. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

The
Company s management is not required to commit its full time to the Company s affairs. As a result, pursuing new business
opportunities may require a longer period of time than if management would devote full time to the Company s affairs. management
is not precluded from serving as an officer or director of any other entity that is engaged in business activities similar to those of
the Company. management has not identified and is not currently negotiating a new business opportunity for us. In the future, management
may become associated or affiliated with entities engaged in business activities similar to those we intend to conduct. In such event,
management may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. In the
event that the Company s management has multiple business affiliations, our management may have legal obligations to present certain
business opportunities to multiple entities. In the event that a conflict of interest shall arise, management will consider factors such
as reporting status, availability of audited financial statements, current capitalization and the laws of jurisdictions. If several business
opportunities or operating entities approach management with respect to a business combination, management will consider the foregoing
factors as well as the preferences of the management of the operating company. However, management will act in what it believes will
be in the best interests of the shareholders of the Company. The Company shall not enter into a transaction with a target business that
is affiliated with management. 

8 

Regulation 

As
of the date of this Report, we are required to file reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the SEC by Section
13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act ). 

Depending
on the direction management decides to take and a business or businesses we may acquire in the future, we may become subject to other
laws or regulations that require us to make material expenditures on compliance including the increasing state-level regulation of privacy.
Any such requirements could require us to divert significant human and capital resources on compliance, which could have an adverse effect
on our future operating results. 

ITEM
1A. RISK FACTORS 

The
shares of our common stock are highly speculative in nature, involve a high degree of risk and should be purchased only by persons who
can afford to lose the entire amount invested in the common stock. Before purchasing any of the shares of common stock, you should carefully
consider the following factors relating to our business and prospects. If any of the following risks actually occurs, our business, financial
condition or operating results could be materially adversely affected. In such case, you may lose all or part of your investment. You
should carefully consider the risks described below and the other information in this process before investing in our common stock. 

Risks
Relating to Our Business and Financial Condition 

We currently have no operations, and investors, therefore, have no basis on which to evaluate the Company s future prospects. 

We
currently have no operations and will be reliant upon a merger with or acquisition of an operating business to commence operations and
generate revenue. Because we have no operations and have not generated revenues, investors have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability
to achieve our business objective of locating and completing a business combination with a target business. We have no current arrangements
or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable to complete a business combination
in a reasonable timeframe, on reasonable terms, or at all. If we fail to complete a business combination as planned, we will never generate
any operating revenues. 

If
our business plans are not successful, we may not be able to continue operations as a going concern and our stockholders may lose their
entire investment in us. 

We
have no revenues and no operating business. We had a net loss of 2,094,430) and 152,859) for the years ended December 31, 2022
and 2021, respectively, a working capital deficit of 197,289) and 52,859) and an accumulated stockholders deficit of 2,482,466) and 388,036), respectively, at December 31, 2022 and 2021. The report of our independent registered public
accountants on our financial statements for the year ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 states that these conditions, among others,
raise substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. Our ability to continue as a going concern is dependent
upon our continued operations, which is dependent in turn upon our ability to meet our financial requirements, raise additional
capital, and the success of our future operations. 

Our
principal business objective for the next twelve months will be to seek, investigate and, if such investigation warrants, engage in a
business combination with a private entity whose business presents an opportunity for our stockholders. We cannot assure you that we
can identify a suitable business opportunity and consummate a business combination. 

We
may require financing to acquire any business. 

We
may require financing to find an acquisition candidate and consummate a transaction. We cannot assure you that we will be successful
in obtaining financing or locating a business to acquire or consummating a transaction or that any business we might acquire will be
operated in a profitable manner. 

We
expect losses in the future because we have no revenue. 

As
we have no current revenue, we are expecting losses over the next 12 months because we do not yet have any revenues to offset the expenses
associated with operating our company. We are not currently engaged in any revenue generating activities and cannot guarantee that we
will ever be successful in generating revenues in the future. We recognize that if we are unable to generate revenues, we will not be
able to earn profits or continue operations. There is no history upon which to base any assumption as to the likelihood that we will
prove successful, and we can provide investors with no assurance that we will generate any operating revenues or ever achieve profitable
operations. 

9 

As
a blank check company, we must comply with Rule 419 of the Securities Act if we undertake an offering of our common stock. 

The
Securities Act defines a blank check company as a development stage company that has no specific business plan or purpose
whose business plan is to merge with an unidentified company or companies. Thus, we are a blank check company. Rule 419 of the Securities
Act requires, in the case of a registered offering of our common stock, that we undertake certain procedural steps before any shares
of stock or the proceeds of the offering are released. Such requirements include: 

Depositing
the net offering proceeds in escrow until an acquisition has been completed; 

 Depositing
all securities sold in the public offering into escrow until the acquisition has been completed; 

 Giving
public shareholders an opportunity to consider any proposed acquisition and a chance to either approve the transaction and retain their
shares or get at least 90 of their funds returned from the escrow. 

The
need to comply with the provisions of Rule 419 could deter a target company from seeking to complete a transaction with us. 

As
a shell company, we are not eligible to rely upon Form S-8 to issue our securities and are subject to enhanced reporting requirements. 

As
a shell company we are not eligible to rely upon Form S-8 to issue securities. Further, as a blank check we are subject to enhanced specific
reporting requirements, including requirements as to the information to be disclosed in connection with any public offering of our securities
as specified in Rule 419. These enhanced disclosure provisions and the rights to be provided to any purchaser in a public offering of
our securities impose substantial costs on and impediments to a public offering of our common stock. 

Because
we are a shell company and have no business, holders of our common stock may not rely upon Rule 144 until disclosure provisions applicable
to blank check companies are satisfied. 

Rule
144 provides that shares of our common stock may not be sold under Rule 144 until we have ceased to be a shell company and one year has
elapsed from the date on which we have filed Form 10 information. Thus, a holder of our common stock may be required to hold his shares
indefinitely. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic could materially adversely affect our financial condition, future plans and results of operations. 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has had a significant adverse effect on the economy in the United States and on most businesses. The Company is not
able to predict the ultimate impact that COVID -19 will have on its business; however, if the pandemic and government action in response
thereto impose limitations on our operations or result in a prolonged economic recession or depression, the Company s development
and implementation of its business plan and our ability to commence and grow our operations, as well as our ability to generate material
revenue therefrom, will be hindered, which would have a material negative impact on the Company s financial condition and results
of operations. 

Our
common stock is subject to a STOP warning label on OTC PINK. 

Our
common stock is quoted on OTC Pink and is currently subject to a STOP warning on the OTC Pink. We are subject to a STOP 
warning as a result of our failure to provide any information to the public regarding our business and operations since we filed our
Quarterly Report for the period ended December 31, 2012 with the SEC on February 20, 2013, suspending our obligation to file reports
with the Securities and Exchange Commission. Being subject to a STOP warning severely limits the number of investors that
might purchase our common stock and effectively prevents the development of an active trading market in our shares. We can provide no
assurance as to whether OTC Markets Group, Inc., will ever remove the STOP sign currently applicable to our common stock. 

As
a blank check company, our shareholders may face significant restrictions on the resale of our common stock due to state blue
sky laws and due to the applicability of Rule 419. 

There
are state blue sky regulations that may adversely affect the transferability of our common stock. We have not registered
our common stock for resale under the securities or blue sky laws of any state. We are under no obligation to register
or qualify our common stock in any state or to advise the shareholders of any exemptions. 

10 

We
do not have any agreement for a business combination or other transaction . 

We
have not yet entered into any definitive agreement, nor do we have any binding commitment or understanding to enter into or become engaged
in a merger with, joint venture with or acquisition of, a private or public entity. We cannot assure you that we will successfully identify
and evaluate suitable business opportunities or that we will conclude a business combination. We cannot guarantee that we will be able
to negotiate a business combination on favorable terms, and there is consequently a risk that future funds allocated to the purchase
of our shares will not be invested in a company with active business operations. 

Our
future success is highly dependent on the ability of management to locate and attract a suitable acquisition . 

The
success of our proposed plan of operation will depend to a great extent on the operations, financial condition and management of the
identified target company. While business combinations with entities having established operating histories are preferred, there can
be no assurance that we will be successful in locating candidates meeting such criteria. The decision to enter into a business combination
will likely be made without detailed feasibility studies, independent analysis, market surveys or similar information which, if we had
more funds available to us, would be desirable. In the event we complete a business combination the success of our operations will be
dependent upon management of the target company and numerous other factors beyond our control. We cannot assure you that we will identify
a target company and consummate a business combination. 

There
is competition for those private companies suitable for a merger transaction of the type contemplated by management. 

We
are in a highly competitive market for business opportunities which could reduce the likelihood of consummating a successful business
combination. We are and will continue to be an insignificant participant in the business of seeking mergers with, joint ventures with
and acquisitions of small private and public entities. A large number of established and well-financed entities, including Special Purpose
Acquisition Corporations SPACs ), small public companies and venture capital firms, are active in mergers and acquisitions
of companies that may be desirable target candidates for us. Nearly all these entities have significantly greater financial resources,
technical expertise and managerial capabilities than we do; consequently, we will be at a competitive disadvantage in identifying possible
business opportunities and successfully completing a business combination. These competitive factors may reduce the likelihood of our
identifying and consummating a successful business combination. 

We
are eligible to be treated as an emerging growth company as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012,
and we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less
attractive to investors. 

We
are an emerging growth company , as defined in the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. For as
long as we continue to be an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of exemptions from various reporting requirements that are
applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including (1) not being required to comply with the auditor
attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which we refer to as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (2) reduced disclosure
obligations regarding executive compensation in this Form S-1 and our periodic reports and proxy statements and (3) exemptions from the
requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments
not previously approved. In addition, as an emerging growth company, we are only required to provide two years of audited financial statements
and two years of selected financial data in this Form S-1. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances
could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million
as of any December 31 before that time or if we have total annual gross revenue of 1.0 billion or more during any fiscal year before
that time, in which cases we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31 or, if we issue more than
 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during any three-year period before that time, we would cease to be an emerging growth company immediately.
Even after we no longer qualify as an emerging growth company, we may still qualify as a smaller reporting company which
would allow us to take advantage of many of the same exemptions from disclosure requirements, including not being required to comply
with the auditor attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive
compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements. We cannot predict if investors will find our common stock less attractive
because we may rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our common stock less attractive as a result, there may be a less active
trading market for our common stock and our stock price may be more volatile. 

Our
independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to formally attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over
financial reporting until the later of our second annual report or the first annual report required to be filed with the SEC following
the date we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act. We cannot assure you that there
will not be material weaknesses or significant deficiencies in our internal controls in the future. 

Under
the JOBS Act, emerging growth companies can also delay adopting new or revised accounting standards until such time as those standards
apply to private companies. We have elected to avail ourselves of this exemption from new or revised accounting standards and, therefore,
will not be subject to the same new or revised accounting standards as other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

11 

We
have not conducted market research to identify business opportunities, which may affect our ability to identify a business to merge with
or acquire. 

We
have neither conducted nor have others made available to us results of market research concerning prospective business opportunities.
Therefore, we have no assurances that market demand exists for a merger or acquisition as contemplated by us. It may be expected that
any target business or transaction will present a level of risk that conventional private or public offerings of securities or conventional
bank financing will not be available. There is no assurance that we will be able to acquire a business opportunity on terms favorable
to us. Decisions as to which business opportunity to participate in will be unilaterally made by our management, which may act without
the consent, vote or approval of our stockholders. 

Management
intends to devote only a limited amount of time to seeking a target company which may adversely impact our ability to identify a suitable
acquisition candidate. 

While
seeking a business combination, George Sharp, our President, Secretary and Treasurer, anticipates devoting a limited time to our affairs.
In addition, Mr. Sharp has not entered into a written employment agreement with us and is not expected to do so in the foreseeable future.
Accordingly, his limited commitment may adversely impact our ability to identify and consummate a successful business combination. 

We
are dependent on the services of George Sharp, our President, Secretary and Treasurer, to obtain capital required to implement our business
plan and for identifying, investigating, negotiating and integrating potential acquisition opportunities. The loss of the services of
Mr. Sharp could have a substantial adverse effect on us. 

Our
ability to acquire an operating business will be largely contingent on our ability to retain George Sharp upon whom we will rely to obtain
capital required to implement our business plan and for identifying, investigating, negotiating and integrating potential acquisition
candidates and to attract and retain a highly qualified corporate and operations level management team. The loss of the services of Mr.
Sharp could have a substantial adverse effect on us. 

The
time and cost of preparing a private company to become a public reporting company may preclude us from entering into a merger or acquisition
with the most attractive private companies. 

Target
companies that fail to comply with SEC reporting requirements may delay or preclude acquisition. Sections 13 and 15(d) of the Exchange
Act require reporting companies to provide certain information about significant acquisitions, including audited financial statements
for the company acquired. The time and additional costs that may be incurred by some target entities to prepare these statements may
significantly delay or essentially preclude consummation of an acquisition. Otherwise suitable acquisition prospects that do not have
or are unable to obtain the required audited statements may be inappropriate for acquisition so long as the reporting requirements of
the Exchange Act are applicable. 

We
may be subject to further government regulation which would adversely affect our operations. 

Although
we will be subject to the reporting requirements under the Exchange Act, management believes we will not be subject to regulation under
the Investment Company Act of 1940, as amended (the Investment Company Act ), since we will not be engaged in the business
of investing or trading in securities. If we engage in business combinations which result in our holding passive investment interests
in a number of entities, we could be subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act. If so, we would be required to register
as an investment company and could be expected to incur significant registration and compliance costs. We have obtained no formal determination
from the SEC as to our status under the Investment Company Act and, consequently, violation of the Investment Company Act could subject
us to material adverse consequences. 

Any
potential acquisition or merger with a foreign company may subject us to additional risks. 

If
we enter into a business combination with a foreign concern, we will be subject to risks inherent in business operations outside of the
United States. These risks include, for example, currency fluctuations, regulatory problems, punitive tariffs, unstable local tax policies,
trade embargoes, risks related to shipment of raw materials and finished goods across national borders and cultural and language differences.
Foreign economies may differ favorably or unfavorably from the United States economy in growth of gross national product, rate of inflation,
market development, rate of savings, and capital investment, resource self-sufficiency and balance of payments positions, and in other
respects. 

12 

If
we fail to develop and maintain an effective system of internal controls, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results
or prevent fraud, as a result, current and potential stockholders could lose confidence in our financial reports, which could harm our
business and the trading price of our common stock. 

Effective
internal controls are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and effectively prevent fraud. Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002 requires us to evaluate and report on our internal controls over financial reporting. Compliance with Section 404 requires
that we strengthen, assess and test our system of internal controls to provide the basis for our report. The process of strengthening
our internal controls and complying with Section 404 is expensive and time consuming and requires significant management attention. We
cannot be certain that the measures we undertake will ensure that we will maintain adequate controls over our financial processes and
reporting in the future. Furthermore, if we are able to rapidly grow our business, the internal controls that we will need will become
more complex, and significantly more resources will be required to ensure our internal controls remain effective. Failure to implement
required controls, or difficulties encountered in their implementation, could harm our operating results or cause us to fail to meet
our reporting obligations. If we discover a material weakness in our internal controls, the disclosure of that fact, even if the weakness
is quickly remedied, could diminish investors confidence in our financial statements and harm our stock price. In addition, non-compliance
with Section 404 could subject us to a variety of administrative sanctions, including the suspension of trading, ineligibility for listing
on the OTC Markets, and the inability of registered broker-dealers to make a market in our common stock, which would further reduce our
stock price. 

Our
sole officer and director, who will be responsible for preparing our financial statements and evaluating the effectiveness of our internal
controls over financial reporting is not qualified to do so. 

George
Sharp, our sole officer and director, has not been trained in accounting and has relevant but not extensive knowledge of United States
Generally Accepted Accounting Principles and the rules and regulations of the SEC applicable to financial reporting or to being a public
company generally and limited experience in preparing financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP and evaluating the effectiveness
of internal controls over financial reporting. 

Our
lack of adequate accounting personnel is a material weakness in our financial reporting. 

A
company is deemed to have a material weakness in financial reporting when one or more of its internal controls over financial reporting
are ineffective. Because we lack accounting personnel with training and experience in U. S. GAAP, financial reporting and the design
and evaluation of internal controls over financial reporting, we have a material weakness which could result in a material misstatement
in our financial statements. Any misstatement in our financial statements could cause us to have to restate our financial statements,
which would be expensive, time consuming and adversely impact our ability to realize our business plan. 

You
will not have the ability to determine the outcome of matters requiring stockholder approval, including the acquisition of a target business. 

It
is anticipated that any acquisition we consummate will not require the consent of our shareholders. As a result, you will not have the
ability to determine the outcome of matters related thereto. 

There
is no active trading market for our shares of common stock. 

There
is no active trading market for our common stock. There can be no assurance that a regular trading market for our securities will develop,
or that if one develops, that it will be sustained. The trading price of our securities could be subject to wide fluctuations, in response
to announcements by us or others, developments affecting us, and other events or factors. In addition, the stock market has experienced
extreme price and volume fluctuations in recent years. These fluctuations have had a substantial effect on the market prices for many
companies, often unrelated to the operating performance of such companies, and may adversely affect the market prices of the securities.
Such risks could have an adverse effect on the stock s future liquidity. 

Our
common stock is subject to the Penny Stock Rules of the SEC and the trading market in our securities is limited, which
makes transactions in our stock cumbersome and may reduce the value of an investment in our stock. 

The
SEC has adopted Rule 15g-9 which establishes the definition of a penny stock, for the purposes relevant to us, as any equity
security that has a market price of less than 5.00 per share or with an exercise price of less than 5.00 per share, subject to certain
exceptions. For any transaction involving a penny stock, unless exempt, the rules require: (a) that a broker or dealer approve a person s
account for transactions in penny stocks; and (b) the broker or dealer receive from the investor a written agreement to the transaction,
setting forth the identity and quantity of the penny stock to be purchased. 

To
approve a person s account for transactions in penny stocks, the broker or dealer must: (a) obtain financial information and investment
experience and objectives of the person; and (b) make a reasonable determination that the transactions in penny stocks are suitable for
that person and the person has sufficient knowledge and experience in financial matters to be capable of evaluating the risks of transactions
in penny stocks. 

13 

The
broker or dealer must also deliver, prior to any transaction in a penny stock, a disclosure schedule prescribed by the Commission relating
to the penny stock market, which, in highlight form: (a) sets forth the basis on which the broker or dealer made the suitability determination;
and (b) that the broker or dealer received a signed, written agreement from the investor prior to the transaction. Generally, brokers
may be less willing to execute transactions in securities subject to the penny stock rules. This may make it more difficult
for investors to dispose of our common shares and cause a decline in the market value of our stock. 

Disclosure
also has to be made about the risks of investing in penny stocks in both public offerings and in secondary trading and about the commissions
payable to both the broker-dealer and the registered representative, current quotations for the securities and the rights and remedies
available to an investor in cases of fraud in penny stock transactions. Finally, monthly statements have to be sent disclosing recent
price information for the penny stock held in the account and information on the limited market in penny stocks. 

Under
our Articles of Incorporation, our Board of Directors has the authority, without stockholder approval, to issue preferred stock with
terms that may not be beneficial to common stockholders and with the ability to adversely affect stockholder voting power and perpetuate
the board s control over our company. 

Our
Board of Directors by resolution may authorize the issuance of up to 100 million shares of preferred stock in one or more series with
such limitations and restrictions as it may determine, in its sole discretion, with no further authorization by security holders required
for the issuance of such shares. The Board may determine the specific terms of the preferred stock, including designations; preferences;
conversions rights; cumulative, relative; participating; and optional or other rights, including voting rights; qualifications; limitations;
or restrictions of the preferred stock. 

The
issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the voting power and other rights of the holders of common stock. Preferred stock may
be issued quickly with terms calculated to discourage, make more difficult, delay or prevent a change in control of our company or make
removal of management more difficult. As a result, the Board of Directors ability to issue preferred stock may discourage the
potential hostile acquirer, possibly resulting in beneficial negotiations. Negotiating with an unfriendly acquirer may result in terms
more favorable to us and our stockholders. Conversely, the issuance of preferred stock may adversely affect the market price of, and
the voting and other rights of the holders of the common stock. On August 29, 2021 we issued 300,000 shares of Series A preferred stock
to George Sharp, our President, Secretary and Treasurer. 

We
may, in the future, issue additional shares of common stock, which would reduce investors percent of ownership and may dilute
our share value. 

Our
Articles of Incorporation authorizes the issuance of 350,000,000 shares of common stock. The future issuance of common stock may result
in substantial dilution in the percentage of our common stock held by our then existing stockholders. We may value any common stock issued
in the future on an arbitrary basis. The issuance of common stock for future services or acquisitions or other corporate actions may
have the effect of diluting the value of the shares held by our investors and might have an adverse effect on any trading market for
our common stock. 

Because
we do not intend to pay any cash dividends on our common stock, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their shares
unless they sell them. 

We
intend to retain any future earnings to finance the development and expansion of our business. We do not anticipate paying any cash dividends
on our common stock in the foreseeable future. Unless we pay dividends, our stockholders will not be able to receive a return on their
shares unless they sell them. We cannot assure you that you will be able to sell shares when you desire to do so. 

Risks
Related to Ownership of Common Stock and Operation as a Public Company. 

Our
largest stockholder has voting control over all matters submitted to the vote of our stockholders under Nevada law and will preclude
other stockholders from influencing management and exercising control over our business . 

George
Sharp, our custodian and now President of out Company, has voting control through his ownership of Series B preferred stock and common
stock. As a result, Mr. Sharp is able to: elect or defeat the election of our directors, amend or prevent amendment to our articles of
incorporation or bylaws, effect or prevent a merger, sale of assets or other corporate transaction, and control the outcome of any other
matter submitted to the stockholders for vote. Accordingly, other stockholders may be unable to influence management and exercise control
over our business. 

14 

We
will incur increased costs as a result of operating as a public company, and our management will be required to devote substantial time
to compliance efforts. 

As
a public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting and other expenses that we did not incur as a private company. The Sarbanes-Oxley
Act and related SEC regulations have created uncertainty for public companies and significantly increased the costs and risks associated
with accessing the public markets and public reporting. For example, on January 30, 2009, the SEC adopted rules requiring companies to
provide their financial statements in interactive data format using the extensible Business Reporting Language, or XBRL. We are required
to comply with these rules. Our management and other personnel will need to devote a substantial amount of time and financial resources
to comply with these requirements, as well any new requirements implemented by the SEC. Moreover, these rules and regulations will increase
our legal and financial compliance costs and will make some activities more time-consuming and costly and could lead to a diversion of
management time and attention from revenue generating activities to compliance activities. We are currently unable to estimate these
costs with any degree of certainty. These rules and regulations could also make it more difficult for us to attract and retain qualified
persons to serve on our Board of Directors and board committees or as executive officers and more expensive for us to obtain director
and officer liability insurance. 

The
Financial Industry Regulatory Authority FINRA sales practice requirements may also limit your ability to buy and sell
our common stock, which could depress the price of our shares. 

FINRA
has adopted rules that require broker-dealers to have reasonable grounds for believing that an investment is suitable for a customer
before recommending that investment to the customer. Prior to recommending speculative low-priced securities to their non-institutional
customers, broker-dealers must make reasonable efforts to obtain information about the customer s financial status, tax status
and investment objectives, among other things. Under interpretations of these rules, FINRA believes that there is a high probability
such speculative low-priced securities will not be suitable for at least some customers. Thus, FINRA requirements make it more difficult
for broker-dealers to recommend that their customers buy our common stock, which may limit your ability to buy and sell our shares, have
an adverse effect on the market for our shares, and thereby depress our share price. 

We
do not foresee paying cash dividends on our common stock in the foreseeable future and, as a result, our investors sole source
of gain, if any, will depend on capital appreciation, if any. 

We
do not plan to declare or pay any cash dividends on our shares of common stock in the foreseeable future. As a result, investors should
not rely on an investment in our securities if they require the investment to produce dividend income. Capital appreciation, if any,
of our shares may be investors sole source of gain for the foreseeable future. Moreover, investors may not be able to resell their
shares of our common stock at or above the price they paid for them. 

We
cannot assure you that following a business combination with an operating business, our common stock will be listed on the Nasdaq Stock
Market or any other securities exchange. 

Following
a business combination, we may seek the listing of our common stock on NASDAQ, NYSE Amex Equities, the OTC Markets or such other similar
exchange. However, we cannot assure you that following such a transaction, we will be able to meet the initial listing standards of those
or any other stock exchange, or that we will be able to maintain a listing of our common stock on either of those or any other stock
exchange. After completing a business combination, until our common stock is listed on the NASDAQ or another stock exchange, we expect
that our common stock would be eligible to trade and/or be quoted on the OTC Bulletin Board, another over-the-counter quotation system,
or on the pink sheets, where our stockholders may find it more difficult to dispose of shares or obtain accurate quotations
as to the market value of our common stock. In addition, we would be subject to an SEC rule that, if it failed to meet the criteria set
forth in such rule, imposes various practice requirements on broker-dealers who sell securities governed by the rule to persons other
than established customers and accredited investors. Consequently, such rule may deter broker-dealers from recommending or selling our
common stock, which may further affect its liquidity. This would also make it more difficult for us to raise additional capital following
a business combination. 

We
may face difficulties or delays in our search for a business combination, and we may not have access to sufficient capital to consummate
a business combination. 

We
may face difficulty identifying a viable business opportunity or negotiating or paying for any resulting business combination. Economic
factors that are beyond our control, including the COVID-19 pandemic and consequent economic downturn, as well as increased competition
for acquisitions of operating entities that we expect to encounter as a result thereof, may hinder our efforts to locate and/or obtain
a business that is suitable for our business goals at a price we can afford and on terms that will enable us to sufficiently grow our
business to generate value to our shareholders. We have limited capital, and we may not be able to take advantage of any available business
opportunities on favorable terms or at all due to the limited availability of capital. There can be no assurance that we will have sufficient
capital to provide us with the necessary funds to successfully develop and implement our plan of operation or acquire a business we deem
to be appropriate or necessary to accomplish our objectives, in which case we may be forced to terminate our business plan and your investment
in the Company could become worthless. 

ITEM
1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS. 

Not
applicable. 

15 

ITEM
2. PROPERTIES 

We
currently neither rent nor own any real property. We utilize the office space and equipment of its management at no cost. Management
estimates such amounts to be immaterial. We currently have no policy with respect to investments or interests in real estate, real estate
mortgages or securities of, or interests in, persons primarily engaged in real estate activities. 

ITEM
3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

We
are not currently involved in any legal proceedings and we are not aware of any pending or potential legal actions. 

ITEM
4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 

Not
applicable. 

PART
II 

ITEM
5. MARKET FOR COMMON EQUITY AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

Market
Information 

Our
common stock is not listed on any securities exchange and is quoted on the OTC Pink Market under the symbol WLYW. Only
a sporadic and highly limited market exists for our securities. There is no assurance that a regular trading market will develop, or
if developed, that it will be sustained. Therefore, a shareholder in all likelihood will be unable to resell his securities in our company.
Furthermore, it is unlikely that a lending institution will accept our securities as pledged collateral for loans unless a regular trading
market develops. 

The
following table reflects the high and low closing sales information for our common stock for each fiscal quarter during the fiscal years
ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. This information was obtained from OTC Pink and reflects inter-dealer prices without
retail mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily represent actual transactions. 

COMMON
 STOCK MARKET PRICE 

HIGH 
 LOW 
 
 FISCAL
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022: 

First
 Quarter 
 0.16 
 0.10 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 0.12 
 0.35 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 0.53 
 0.32 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 0.46 
 0.33 

COMMON
 STOCK MARKET PRICE 

HIGH 
 LOW 
 
 FISCAL
 YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2021: 

First
 Quarter 
 0.0012 
 0.0008 
 
 Second
 Quarter 
 0.10 
 0.006 
 
 Third
 Quarter 
 0.18 
 0.06 
 
 Fourth
 Quarter 
 0.18 
 0.10 

Holders

As
of December 31, 2022, there were 117 shareholders of record of the Company s common stock based upon the records of the
shareholders provided by the Company s transfer agent. The Company s transfer agent is Empire Stock Transfer Inc., 1859
Whitney Mesa Drive, Henderson, Nevada, telephone number (702) 818-5898. 

Dividends

We
have never paid or declared any dividends on our common stock and do not anticipate paying cash dividends in the foreseeable future. 

16 

Securities
Authorized For Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

We
currently do not have any equity compensation plans. 

Unregistered
Sales of Equity Securities 

We
have previously disclosed all sales of securities without registration under the Securities Act of 1933. 

ITEM
6. SELECTED FINANCIAL DATA 

Not
Applicable. 

ITEM
7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULT OF OPERATIONS 

Corporate
Information 

We
were incorporated in the State of Nevada on September 29, 2004 as New Design Cabinets, Inc. Prior to the closing of the Share Exchange,
as described below, we were an operating public company, attempting to establish a base of operations in the custom cabinetry and furniture
industry as a builder of specialty, custom designed cabinets and wine racks. From inception to the closing of the Share Exchange, we
had limited operations and generated a total of 61,900 in revenues from the sale of wine rack kits and the oversight of
various construction activities. 

On
November 14, 2007, pursuant to the Agreement Concerning the Exchange of Securities or the Share Exchange Agreement (the Share
Exchange ), by and among New Design Cabinets, Inc., Stratos Peru and the security holders of Stratos Peru, we acquired 999 or 99.9 
of the issued and outstanding shares of common stock of Stratos Peru, and issued 45,000,000 shares of our common stock, par value 0.001,
to the former common stockholders of Stratos Peru. Upon consummation of the Share Exchange, we commenced our business plan to develop
ethanol and sugar products in Peru through the cultivation, harvesting and processing of sugarcane in low cost growing locations. 

Stratos
Peru was incorporated in Lima, Peru, on February 27, 2007, under the name Estratosfera del Peru S.A.C. or Estratosfera. On July 11, 2007,
the shareholders of Estratosfera changed the name of the company from Estratosfera del Peru S.A.C. to Stratos del Peru S.A.C. 

Effective
November 20, 2007, we amended our articles of incorporation to change our name to Stratos Renewables Corporation. 

Our
last financial report was a Form 10-Q filed November 17, 2009 for the quarter ended September 30, 2009. 

On
March 25, 2010, we filed a Form 15 with the Securities Exchange Commission (the SEC to voluntarily effect the deregistration
of our common stock. We were eligible to deregister by filing a Form 15 because we had fewer than 300 holders of record of our common
stock. Upon the filing of a Form 15, our obligation to file certain reports with the SEC, including Forms 10-K, 10-Q and 8-K, were immediately
suspended. 

On
June 15, 2021, George Sharp was appointed as our custodian by Order Granting Motion to Appoint George Sharp as Custodian and For Temporary
Restraining Order on Order Shortening Time (Case No. A-21-835772-B, Dept. No.: 13) issued by the District Court of the State of Nevada
in and for Clark County (the Court Order ). Under his authority as Custodian George Sharp appointed himself as the sole
member of the Board and President, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company by resolutions of the registrant s Board of Directors
on June 15, 2021. On December 10, 2021, in recognition of the 50,000 cash invested and 50,000 in consulting fees accrued by George
Sharp for professional and regulatory fees to reinstate the registrant in the State of Nevada and to have the Company become current
in its filings under the SEC s recently imposed requirements for public companies operating under SEC Rule 15c2-11 that mandated
the filing of current financial and corporate disclosures to be submitted to OTC Markets by June 30, 2021 and to have OTC Markets declare
the Company current by September 30, 2021, the Board issued 300,000 shares of the authorized blank check 
preferred stock to George Sharp with 10,000 votes for each share of preferred stock to give voting control to Mr. Sharp. Mr. Sharp engaged
BF Borgers CPA PC as the Company s auditor to audit the financial statements prepared under Mr. Sharp s supervision to allow
for the necessary filings with the SEC to have the Company be subject to the reporting requirements of the SEC, including the filing
of annual and quarterly financial reports. 

On
September 27, 2021 we filed a Form 10-12G/A which we withdrew on November 19, 2021 to allow us to clarify the rights, preferences and
privileges of our Series B preferred shares. We filed on December 10, 2021 a Certificate of Designation with the Nevada Secretary of
State to provide that the Company designated 300,000 shares of Series B preferred stock with the voting rights of 10,000 shares of our
common stock for each share of Series B preferred stock but with no rights of conversion into shares or our common stock. 

17 

On
April 29, 2022 our Form 10-12G/A was declared effective by the SEC. 

On
December 15, 2022, FINRA announced on the daily list a 5:1 forward split under which existing holder of our shares of common stock were
issued five shares of our common stock for each share of common stock held by such stockholders. 

The
Company s accounting year end is December 31. 

Our
principal business objective for the next 12 months and beyond such time will be to achieve long-term growth potential through a combination
with a business rather than immediate, short-term earnings. We will not restrict its potential candidate target companies to any specific
business, industry or geographical location and, thus, may acquire any type of business or be acquired should such a reasonable opportunity
arise. 

Critical
Accounting Policies 

The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States requires management
to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts in the accompanying consolidated financial statements and related
notes. These estimates and assumptions have a significant impact on our financial statements. Actual results could differ materially
from those estimates. 

Critical
accounting policies are those that require the most subjective and complex judgments, often employing the use of estimates about the
effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. Our significant accounting policies are disclosed in Note 1 to the Financial Statements
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. However, we do not believe that there are any alternative methods of accounting for our
operations that would have a material effect on our financial statements. 

CORONAVIRUS
AID, RELIEF AND ECONOMIC SECURITY ACT 

The
COVID-19 pandemic has not had a material impact on the Company, particularly due to our lack of operations. The pandemic may, however,
have an impact on our ability to develop business. For example, our efforts will be threatened by government shutdowns, supply and labor
issues and resulting economic downturns which the pandemic has historically caused. While vaccinations
beginning in 2021 allowed for the partial reopening of the economy, the recent Omicron variant of the virus, as well as
reduced efficacy of vaccines over time and the possibility that a large number of people decline to get vaccinated or receive booster
shots, creates inherent uncertainty as to the future of our business, the industries in which we operate and plan to operate and the
economy in general in light of the pandemic. 

Off
Balance Sheet Arrangements 

As
of the date of this Report, we do not have any off-balance sheet arrangements that have or are reasonably likely to have a current or
future effect on our financial condition, changes in financial condition, revenues or expenses, results of operations, liquidity, capital
expenditures or capital resources that are material to investors. 

Going
Concern 

The
independent registered public accounting firm auditors report accompanying our December 31, 2022 financial statements contained
an explanatory paragraph expressing substantial doubt about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements have
been prepared assuming that we will continue as a going concern, which contemplates that we will realize our assets and
satisfy our liabilities and commitments in the ordinary course of business. 

Results
of Operations 

We
expect that our operating revenues, cost of revenues and operating expenses will greatly increase in the next fiscal year when we identify
a potential acquisition target. Currently we only have nominal operating expenses to run the company and report to the Securities and
Exchange Commission. We have identified ourselves as a shell company until such time a suitable business can be acquired, and we sustain
operations. 

For
the Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 

In
the year ended December 31, 2022, we incurred professional fees of 594,430 which mostly relate to the filing of the required Securities
and Exchange reports as well as costs to bring current the Company with required state regulatory filings, which includes 450,000 in
common shares issued to consultants. In addition, the Company recorded 1,500,000 in common shares issued to the Chief Executive Officer
of the Company for services rendered. 

18 

In
the year ended December 31, 2021, we incurred professional fees of 152,859 which mostly relate to the filing of the required Securities
and Exchange reports as well as costs to bring current the Company with required state regulatory filings, which includes 50,000 in
preferred shares issued to the Chief Executive Officer of the Company for services rendered. 

Liquidity
and Capital Resources 

The
Company in June 2021 was recently revived by the State of Nevada. The Company had no operations for a period of 11 years prior to that
when they filed a Form 15. 

On
June 15, 2021, George Sharp was appointed as our Custodian by Order Granting Motion to (1) Intervene, (2) Remove Custodian, (3) Appoint
George Sharp as Custodian, and (4) for Temporary Restraining Order and Preliminary Injunction on Order Shortening Time, Case No A-21-835772-B,
Dept. No. 13 issued by the District Court of the State of Nevada in and for Clark County (the Court Order ). Under his authority
as Custodian, George Sharp appointed himself as the sole member of the Board and President, Secretary and Treasurer of the Company by
resolutions of the registrant s Board of Directors on June 16, 2021. 

Since
April 29, 2022, the Company has completed Securities and Exchange Commission filings to become a fully reporting company. They have brought
current state regulatory filings to be compliant in the State of Nevada. The Company has commenced the process to identify suitable acquisition
targets. The current operating expenses incurred have been to get to this point. Future operating expenses will be largely funded by
George Sharp until such time as the Company can raise the necessary funding to acquire a business and provide necessary working capital
to pay for the operating expenses of the Company. 

As
of December 31, 2022, we had an accumulated deficit of 2,482,466 and a working capital deficit of 197,289. Our independent registered
public accounting firm has provided a going concern opinion on our most recent audited financial statements as of December 31, 2022 and
2021. 

In
the future, we will need to consummate one or more capital raising transactions, including potential debt or equity issuances, and/or
generate material revenue from an acquired business or businesses to fund our operations. We may also issue shares of common stock, stock
options or other securities to compensate our employees or independent contractors. 

Net
Cash used by Operating Activities : 

In
2022, we reported no cash flow from operations as our net loss from operations offset the increase in accounts payable, and an adjustment
for common shares issued to consultants. It is anticipated that we will continue to report negative operating cash flow in future periods.
In 2021, we reported net cash used in operations of 50,000, which resulted from our net loss from operations offset by the increase
on accounts payable and the value of the preferred shares issued to the CEO. 

Cash
Flows from Investing Activities: 

We
had no investing activities for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

Cash
Flows from Financing Activities : 

For
the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021, the only cash flows from financing activities related to the proceeds from the CEO related
to the purchase of preferred shares. There were no financing activities in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Based
upon our current operations, we will need additional working capital to fund our operations over the next 12 months. Further, if we are
able to close a reverse merger, asset purchase or similar transaction to acquire an operating business, it is likely we will need additional
capital, including potentially as a condition of closing the acquisition. Because of the inherent uncertainties of the Company at this
stage, we cannot be certain as to how much capital we need, if and how we can raise capital or the type or quantity of securities we
will be required to issue to do so. In connection with a business combination, we may issue a significant number our shares of our common
stock or securities convertible or exercisable into our common stock to the target s shareholders which will be dilutive to our
shareholders. 

We
anticipate that we will incur operating losses during the next 12 months. Our ability to develop and implement our business plan will
be subject to a number of risks, expenses and difficulties frequently encountered by companies in their early stage of development. Such
risks for us include, but are not limited to, an evolving and unpredictable business model; recognition of revenue sources; and the management
of growth. 

ITEM
7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

Not
applicable. 

19 

ITEM
8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Report
of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

To
the shareholders and the board of directors of Stratos Renewables Corporation 

Opinion
on the Financial Statements 

We
have audited the accompanying balance sheets of Stratos Renewables Corporation as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related statements
of operations, stockholders equity (deficit), and cash flows for the years then ended, and the related notes (collectively referred
to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the
financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for the years
then ended, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States. 

Substantial
Doubt about the Company s Ability to Continue as a Going Concern 

The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note
4 to the financial statements, the Company has suffered recurring losses from operations and has a significant accumulated deficit. In
addition, the Company continues to experience negative cash flows from operations. These factors raise substantial doubt about the Company s
ability to continue as a going concern. Management s plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 4. The financial
statements do not include any adjustments that might result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis
for Opinion 

These
financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s
financial statements based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board
(United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal
securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We
conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain
reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company
is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits
we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion
on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our
audit included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or
fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding
the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audit also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant
estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audit provides
a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/S/

BF
Borgers CPA PC (PCAOB ID 

We
have served as the Company s auditor since 2021 

March
31, 2023 

20 

STRATOS
RENEWABLES CORPORATION 

 BALANCE
SHEETS 

December
 31, 2022 
 December
 31, 2021 

ASSETS 

CURRENT
 ASSETS 

Cash 
 - 
 - 
 
 Prepaid
 expenses and other current assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 current assets 
 - 
 - 

Total
 non-current assets 
 - 
 - 
 
 TOTAL
 ASSETS 
 - 
 - 

LIABILITIES
 AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

CURRENT
 LIABILITIES 

Accounts
 payable 

Accounts
 payable related party 

Total
 current liabilities 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES 

STOCKHOLDERS 
 DEFICIT 

Preferred
 stock, par value ; shares authorized; and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021,
 respectively 

Common
 stock, par value ;
 shares
 authorized, and
 shares
 issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively (a) 

Additional
 paid in capital 

Accumulated
 deficit 

Total
 stockholders deficit 

TOTAL
 LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 
 - 
 - 

(a) 

See
notes to financial statements. 

21 

STRATOS
RENEWABLES CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF OPERATIONS 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

REVENUES 
 - 
 - 

COST
 OF REVENUES 
 - 
 - 

GROSS
 PROFIT 
 - 
 - 

OPERATING
 EXPENSES: 

Professional
 fees 

Related
 party consulting expense for common stock 

General
 and administrative 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 operating expenses 

LOSS
 FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE OTHER EXPENSES 

OTHER
 INCOME (EXPENSE): 

Interest
 expense, net of interest income 
 - 
 - 
 
 Total
 other income (expense) 
 - 
 - 
 
 LOSS
 FROM OPERATIONS BEFORE BENEFIT (PROVISION) FOR INCOME TAXES 

BENEFIT
 (PROVISION) FOR INCOME TAXES 
 - 
 - 
 
 NET
 LOSS 

NET LOSS PER SHARE 

Basic
 and diluted 

SHARES USED IN CALCULATION
 OF NET LOSS PER SHARE 

Basic
 and diluted 

See
notes to financial statements. 

22 

STRATOS
RENEWABLES CORPORATION 

 STATEMENTS
OF CASH FLOWS 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

2022 
 2021 

Cash
 flows from operating activities: 

Net
 loss 

Adjustments
 to reconcile net loss to net cash (used in) operating activities: 

Preferred
 shares accrued for services related party 
 - 

Common
 shares accrued for services-related party 
 
 - 
 
 Common
 shares issued for consulting non-related parties 

Changes
 in assets and liabilities 

Accounts
 payable related party 

Accounts
 payable and accrued expenses 

Net
 cash (used in) operating activities 
 - 

Cash
 flows from financing activities: 

Proceeds
 from officer for preferred shares 
 - 

Proceeds
 from issuance of common stock 
 - 
 - 
 
 Proceeds
 from notes payable 
 - 
 - 
 
 Net
 cash provided by financing activities 
 - 

NET
 INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash
 beginning of period 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash
 end of period 
 - 
 - 

SUPPLEMENTAL
 DISCLOSURES: 

Cash
 paid for interest 
 - 
 - 
 
 Cash
 paid for income taxes 
 - 
 - 

See
notes to financial statements. 

23 

STRATOS
RENEWABLES CORPORATION 

 STATEMENT
OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

 YEARS
ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 AND 2021 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 

Preferred 
 Common 
 Additional
 Paid-In 
 Accumulated 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Total 
 
 Balances
 at December 31, 2020 
 - 
 - 

- 

Preferred
 shares issued to officer per agreement 

- 
 - 
 
 - 

Net
 loss for the year 
 
 - 
 
 - 
 - 

Balances
 at December 31, 2021 

Balances at December
 31, 2021 

Shares
 issued for consulting services to related and non-related parties 
 - 
 - 

- 

Shares
 cancelled by court order 
 - 
 - 

- 
 - 

Net
 loss for the period 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 

Balances
 at December 31, 2022 

(a) The
 Company did not over issue their common stock; this is the result of the 5:1 forward split.
 Per SAB Topic 4C, the Company is required to retroactively reflect the stock split. 

See
notes to financial statements. 

24 

STRATOS
RENEWABLES CORPORATION 

 NOTES
TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER
31, 2022 AND 2021 

shares of Series B Preferred Stock as noted below. 

. These shares were issued to the officer of the Company
in December 2021. 

On
July 1, 2021, the Company entered into an agreement with its officer to provide services to the Company. The officer was obligated to
pay plus provide services valued at an additional for the issuance of shares of a newly formed series of preferred
stock (Series B). . These
shares are not convertible into any other series of authorized stock of the Company and are not redeemable. The Series B Preferred Shares
were deemed issued as of the date of the agreement, however there were administrative delays in forming this new series and amending
the certificate of incorporation. The Company has reflected these shares as equity and noted that they are accrued. The Certificate of
Incorporation was amended on December 10, 2021 and the shares were issued upon this amendment. 

On
June 27, 2022, the Company issued common shares to the Chief Executive Officer and common shares to consultants for
services rendered valued at per share, or . 

On
July 5, 2022 in District Court of Clark County, Nevada, the Motion to Cancel shares of the Company s common stock
was approved. 

On
September 16, 2022, the Board of Directors approved a forward stock split. A Preliminary 14C was filed on October 11, 2022, and the
forward split was effective on December 15, 2022. 

There
are stock options or warrants outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

plus provide services valued at an additional for the issuance of shares of a newly formed series of preferred
stock (Series B). . These
shares are not convertible into any other series of authorized stock of the Company and are not redeemable. The Series B Preferred Shares
were deemed issued as of the date of the agreement, however there were administrative delays in forming this new series and amending
the certificate of incorporation. The Company has reflected these shares as equity and noted that they are accrued. The Certificate of
Incorporation was amended on December 10, 2021 and the shares were issued upon this amendment. 

The
Company issued shares of common stock to the Chief Executive Officer for services rendered on June 27, 2022. 

ITEM
9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 

Not
applicable 

ITEM
9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures. 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in
Rule 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) that is designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by us in the
reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized, and reported, within the time periods specified
in the Commission s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed
to ensure that information required to be disclosed by an issuer in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated
and communicated to the issuer s management, including its principal executive officer or officers and principal financial officer
or officers, or persons performing similar functions, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Management s
Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting . 

Our
management is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting as defined in Rules 13a-15(f)
and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding
the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally
accepted accounting principles. Our internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that: 

pertain
 to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the
 transactions and dispositions of our assets; 

26 

provide
 reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of
 financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that
 our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our
 management and directors; and 

provide
 reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition,
 use or disposition of our assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 

Because
of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of
any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions,
or that the degree of compliance with policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

Our
management assessed the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting based on the parameters set forth above and has
concluded that as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was not effective to provide reasonable assurance
regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with
U.S. generally accepted accounting principles as a result of the following material weaknesses: 

The
 Company does not have sufficient segregation of duties within accounting functions due to
 only having one officer and limited resources. 

The
 Company does not have an independent board of directors or an audit committee. 

The
 Company does not have written documentation of our internal control policies and procedures. 

All
 of the Company s financial reporting is carried out by a financial consultant. 

We
plan to rectify these weaknesses by implementing an independent board of directors, establishing written policies and procedures for
our internal control of financial reporting, and hiring additional accounting personnel at such time as we complete a reverse merger
or similar business acquisition. 

Changes
in Internal Control over Financial Reporting. 

There
have been no change in our internal control over financial reporting during the year December 31, 2022 that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

ITEM
9B. OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

PART
III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE. 

The
following table sets forth the names and positions of our executive officers and directors. Directors will be elected at our annual meeting
of stockholders and serve for one year or until their successors are elected and qualify. Officers are elected by the Board and their
terms of office are, except to the extent governed by employment contract, at the discretion of the Board. 

Name 
 Age 
 Position 
 
 George
 Sharp 
 62 
 President
 and Director 

Set
forth below is a brief description of the background and business experience of our executive officer and director for the past five
years. 

27 

George
Sharp, President and Director 

George
Sharp, 62 years old, has, for the past 17 years, served as a consultant to companies in a variety of contexts, including software development,
assisting public companies with growth and regulatory compliance plans. Mr. Sharp is a well-known whistleblower and shareholder advocate,
fighting against microcap fraud. He has exposed dubious activities involving various issuers to the public and regulatory bodies for
the last 12 years. In June 2017, Mr. Sharp was engaged as a consultant by OTC Markets Group, Inc. to develop compliance processes to
bring more timely and actionable data to the OTC market. 

Family
Relationships 

There
are no family relationships among any of our officers or directors. 

Election
of Directors and Officers 

Directors
are elected to serve until the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have been elected and qualified. Officers
are appointed to serve until the meeting of the Board following the next annual meeting of stockholders and until their successors have
been elected and qualified. 

Audit
Committee 

We
do not have any committees of the Board as we only have one director. 

Director
Independence 

We
do not currently have any independent directors. We evaluate independence by the standards for director independence established by Marketplace
Rule 5605(a)(2) of the Nasdaq Stock Market, Inc. 

Section
16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance 

Section
16(a) of the Securities and Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, requires that executive officers, directors and persons who own more than
10 of a registered class of the Company s equity securities to file reports of ownership and changes of ownership with the SEC
within specified due dates. These persons are required by SEC regulations to furnish the Company with copies of all such reports they
file. In light of the lack of periodic reports being filed by prior management of the Company we are not aware of whether all of our
executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders timely filed all required reports under Section 16(a) in a timely manner with respect
to our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 

Corporate
Governance 

Due
to its size, at this time the Company does not have a nominating nor audit committee of the board of directors. The board of Directors
consists of two directors. The Company receives no revenues. At such time that the Company has a larger board of directors and generates
revenue, the Company will propose creating committees of its board of directors, including both a nominating and an audit committee.
Accordingly, the Company does not have an audit committee financial expert. 

Compensation
of Directors 

Directors
are permitted to receive fixed fees and other compensation for their services as directors. The Board of Directors has the authority
to fix the compensation of directors. No amounts have been paid to, or accrued to, directors in such capacity. 

ITEM
11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 

No
officer or director has received any cash compensation from the Company since the inception of the Company; however, George Sharp received
on December 10, 2021 300,000 shares of the authorized blank check preferred stock with 10,000 votes for each share of preferred
stock to give voting control of the Company to Mr. Sharp. Until we acquire additional capital, it is not anticipated that any officer
or director will receive compensation from us, other than reimbursement for out-of-pocket expenses incurred on behalf of the Company.
Our officers and directors intend to devote limited time to our affairs. We did not pay any compensation to our Chief Executive Officers
(the Named Executive Officers during the last two fiscal years. 

We
have no stock option, retirement, pension, or profit-sharing programs for the benefit of directors, officers or other employees, but
the Board of Directors may recommend adoption of one or more such programs in the future. 

There
are no understandings or agreements regarding compensation our management will receive after a business combination that is required
to be disclosed. 

28 

We
do not have a standing compensation committee or a committee performing similar functions, since the Board of Directors has determined
not to compensate the officers and directors until such time that we complete a reverse merger or business combination. 

Named
Executive Officer Employment Agreements 

None. 

Termination
Provisions 

As
of the date of this Report, we have no contract, agreement, plan, or arrangement, whether written or unwritten, that provides for payments
to a Named Executive Officer at, following, or in connection with any termination, including without limitation resignation, severance,
retirement or a constructive termination of a Named Executive Officer, or a change in control of the Company or a change in the Named
Executive Officer s responsibilities, with respect to each Named Executive Officer. 

Outstanding
Equity Awards at Fiscal Year End 

As
of December 31, 2022 none of our Named Executive Officers held any unexercised options, stock that have not vested, or other equity incentive
plan awards. 

Director
Compensation 

To
date, we have not paid our director any compensation for services on our Board. 

Equity
Compensation Plan Information 

No
equity compensation plan or agreements under which our common stock is authorized for issuance has been adopted during the fiscal year
ended December 31, 2022. 

ITEM
12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 

The
following table sets forth certain information regarding beneficial ownership of the Company s common stock as of March 27, 2022,
held by (i) each person who is known by the Company to own beneficially more than 5 of any classes of outstanding common stock, (ii)
each director of the Company, (iii) each of the Chief Executive Officers and the executive officers (collectively, the Named Executive
Officers and (iv) all directors and executive officers of the Company as a group based upon 84,015,350 shares outstanding. 

Each
of the persons named in the table has sole voting and investment power with respect to common stock beneficially owned. A person is also
deemed to be a beneficial owner of any securities of which the person has the right to acquire beneficial ownership within 60 days. 

Name
 and Address 1 
 Amount
 and Nature
 of Beneficial Ownership 
 Percentage of
 Class 2 
 Voting
 Control Percentage 
 
 George
 Sharp 3 

Common
 Stock 
 6,000,000 
 7.14 
 .004 
 
 Preferred
 Stock 
 300,000 
 100 
 99.4 
 
 All
 Officers and Directors as a group (1 person) 4 
 Common
 6,000,000 
 7.14 
 .004 

Preferred
 300,000 
 100 
 99.4 
 
 Total 

99.4 

(1) 
 George
 Sharp is President, Secretary, Treasurer and sole Director of the Company. 

(2) 
 George
 Sharp owns 1,000,000 shares of our common stock which he acquired through an open market purchase on May 24, 2021 and 5,000,000 shares
 that the Company issued to him on June 29, 2022 and 300,000 shares of Series B preferred with each share of Series B preferred stock
 having the voting power of 10,000 shares of common stock. The percentage of class is based upon adding the Series B preferred stock
 voting power (3,000,000,000) and the outstanding shares of common stock (84,015,350) to arrive at total voting power of 3,084,015,350. 

29 

This
table is based upon information derived from our stock records. We believe that each of the shareholders named in this table has sole
or shared voting and investment power with respect to the shares indicated as beneficially owned; except as set forth above, applicable
percentages are based upon 84,015,350 shares of common stock outstanding as of March 27, 2022. 

ITEM
13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 

Not
applicable. 

ITEM
14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 

The
following table shows the fees paid or accrued for the audit and other services provided by our independent auditors for the years ended: 

December
 31, 2022 and 2021 
 
 Audit
 fees 
 44,000 

PART
IV 

ITEM
15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

The
following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

a. 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 

The
financial statements are filed as part of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary
Data. 

b. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 

The
financial statement schedules are omitted because they are either not applicable or the information required is presented in the financial
statements and notes thereto under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data. 

c. 
 Exhibits 

The
exhibits listed in the following Exhibit Index are filed, furnished, or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form
10-K. 

Exhibit
 Number 
 
 Description 
 
 31.1 
 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Principal Executive Officer 
 
 32.1 
 
 Section 1350 Certification of the Principal Financial Officer 
 
 101.INS 
 
 XBRL
 Instance Document 
 
 101.SCH 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Schema Document 
 
 101.CAL 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 
 
 101.DEF 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 
 
 101.LAB 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 
 
 101.PRE 
 
 XBRL
 Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

Filed
 herein . 

Furnished
 herewith. 

30 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 
 Stratos
 Renewables Corporation 

By: 
 /s/
 George Sharp 

Name: 
 George
 Sharp 

Title: 
 President/Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

31 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 ex31-1.htm

Exhibit
31.1 

Certification 

I,
George Sharp, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Stratos Renewables Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e))and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the period
covered by the annual report that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal
control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 George Sharp 

George
 Sharp 

President 
 Principal
 Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 ex31-2.htm

Exhibit
31.2 

Certification 

I,
George Sharp, certify that: 

1.
I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Stratos Renewables Corporation; 

2.
Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
period covered by this report; 

3.
Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this
report; 

4.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures
(as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act
Rules 13a 15(f) and 15d 15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a)
Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision,
to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b)
Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under
our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c)
Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions
about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
and 

(d)
Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s
most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting; and 

5.
The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial
reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing
the equivalent functions): 

(a)
All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are
reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
and 

(b)
Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s
internal control over financial reporting. 

Dated:
 March 31, 2023 
 /s/
 George Sharp 

George
 Sharp 

Chief
 Financial Officer 
 Prncipal
 Executive Offcer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 ex32-1.htm

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 18 U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of Stratos Renewables Corporation (the Company on Form 10-K for the year ended December
31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, George Sharp, Presidentof
the Company and Chief Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906
of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to the best of my knowledge: 

1.
The Report fully complies with the requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2.
The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations
of the Company. 

By: 
 /s/
 George Sharp 

George
 Sharp 

President 

Principal
 Executive Officer 

By: 
 /s/
 George Sharp 

George
 Sharp 

Chief
 Financial Officer 

Principal
 Financial and Accounting Officer 

March
 31, 2023 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-101.SCH>
 5
 srnw-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 7
 srnw-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 8
 srnw-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 9
 srnw-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

