<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230310_10-K_edgar_data_1823144_0001823144-23-000006.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>68320846</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>995569</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>58762725</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>3247431</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2661741</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>2461248</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>12</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001823144-23-000006.hdr.sgml : 20230310
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230310160705
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001823144-23-000006
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		270
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230310
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230310

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CompoSecure, Inc.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001823144
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	FINANCE SERVICES [6199]
		IRS NUMBER:				852749902
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39687
		FILM NUMBER:		23723655

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		309 PIERCE STREET
		CITY:			SOMERSET
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08873
		BUSINESS PHONE:		908-518-0500EXT.1390

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		309 PIERCE STREET
		CITY:			SOMERSET
		STATE:			NJ
		ZIP:			08873

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp.
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20200901

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001823144-23-000006.txt : 20230310

10-K
 1
 cmpo-20221231.htm
 10-K

cmpo-20221231 

UNITED STATES 
 SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 
 FORM 
 
 (Mark One) 
 ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended , 2022 
 OR 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For transition period from to 
 Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification Number) 

, 
 ) 
 (Address, including zip code, and telephone number, including area code, of registrant s principal executive offices) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol Name of each exchange on which registered 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Exchange Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 1 

Indicate by check mark whether the Registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 7(a)(2)(B) of the Securities Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of 
 the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 
 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act): 
 As of June 30, 2022, the last day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the registrant's voting and non-voting common stock outstanding, other than shares held by non-affiliates of the registrant at that date, computed by reference to the closing sales price for the common stock on June 30, 2022, as reported on the Nasdaq, was approximately million (based on the closing sales price of the common stock on June 30, 2022 of 5.20). 
 As of March 7, 2023, there were approximately shares of the registrant's Class A common stock outstanding and shares of the registrant's Class B common stock outstanding. 

2 

Table of Contents 
 
 Page Part 1 
 4 
 Item 1. Business 
 4 
 Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 20 
 Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 43 
 Item 2. Properties 
 43 
 Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 Part II 
 45 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 Item 6. Selected Financial Data 
 46 
 Item 7. Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 63 
 Item 8. Audited Financial Statements 
 65 
 Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 110 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 110 
 Item 9B. Other Information 
 111 
 Part III 
 112 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 112 
 Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 119 
 Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owner and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 125 
 Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 129 
 Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 133 
 Part IV 
 135 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 135 
 Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 139 
 Signatures 
 140 
 
 3 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 
 This report, and the documents incorporated by reference herein, may contain forward-looking statements as defined by the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements are based on the beliefs and assumptions of management. Although the Company believes that its plans, intentions, and expectations reflected in or suggested by these forward- looking statements are reasonable, the Company cannot assure you that it will achieve or realize these plans, intentions, or expectations. Forward-looking statements are inherently subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Generally, statements that are not historical facts, including statements concerning the Company s possible or assumed future actions, business strategies, events, or results of operations, are forward- looking statements. In some instances, these statements may be preceded by, followed by or include the words believes, estimates, expects, projects, forecasts, may, will, should, seeks, plans, scheduled, anticipates or intends or the negatives of these terms or variations of them or similar terminology. 
 
 Forward-looking statements are not guarantees of performance. You should not put undue reliance on these statements which speak only as of the date hereof. You should understand that the following important factors, among others, could affect the Company s future results and could cause those results or other outcomes to differ materially from those expressed or implied in the Company s forward-looking statements: 
 
 the ability of the Company to grow and manage growth profitably, maintain relationships with customers, compete within its industry and retain its key employees; 
 
 the possibility that the Company may be adversely impacted by other economic, business, and/or competitive factors; 
 
 the outcome of any legal proceedings that may be instituted against the Company or others; 
 
 future exchange and interest rates; and 
 
 other risks and uncertainties indicated in this report, including those under Risk Factors herein, and other filings that have been made or will be made with the SEC. 
 
 These and other factors that could cause actual results to differ from those implied by the forward- looking statements in this report are more fully described in the Risk Factors section. The risks described in Risk Factors are not exhaustive. New risk factors emerge from time to time and it is not possible for us to predict all such risk factors, nor can the Company assess the impact of all such risk factors on its business or the extent to which any factor or combination of factors may cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in any forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements attributable to the Company or persons acting on its behalf are expressly qualified in their entirety by the foregoing cautionary statements. The Company undertakes no obligations to update or revise publicly any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Part I 
 
 Item 1. Business 
 BUSINESS 
 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this subsection to the Company, we, us, our, and similar terms refer to CompoSecure, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Overview 
 
 4 

Founded in 2000, the Company is a technology partner to market leaders, fintechs and consumers enabling trust for millions of people around the globe. The Company s innovative metal payment card technology and Arculus security and authentication capabilities deliver unique, premium branded experiences, enable people to access and use their assets, and ensure trust at the point of a transaction. 
 
 Mission and Values 
 
 The Company s mission is to combine elegance, simplicity, and security to deliver exceptional experiences and peace of mind in the physical and digital world. The Company s values are embodied in the following key concepts: 
 
 Key Product Overview 
 
 The Company led the creation and growth of the metal card form factor through its expertise in material science and has been at the forefront of emerging embedded payment technology (e.g., the evolution of tap to transact ). For more than two decades, through its combination of large-scale, advanced manufacturing capabilities and deep technological expertise, the Company has driven key payment card industry innovations in materials science, metal form factor design, dual interface functionality, and security. The distinct value proposition of the Company s products has resulted in widespread adoption by major banks, financial institutions and leading fintech innovators to support their acquisition and retention of consumer and business card customers. From 2010 through 2022, the Company produced and sold approximately 144 million metal payment cards worldwide (i.e., credit and debit cards issued on one of the Visa, MasterCard, American Express, Discover, and China Union Pay payment networks). In 2022 alone, the Company provided metal payment card solutions for more than 125 branded and co-branded card programs, totaling approximately 30 million payment cards sold. The Company s metal payment card solutions have generated, and are expected to continue to generate, a significant base of growing, highly profitable revenue. The Company is now accelerating innovation in secure authentication technology solutions with the launch of Arculus (named for the ancient Roman god of safes and strongboxes). Arculus is a digital security platform with broad industry applicability. Through the convenience of a premium metal card, this technology is designed to solve chronic industry and consumer needs for reliable, trusted and secure authentication solutions - moving beyond passwords, as well as providing enhanced security for storage of digital assets. The Company's Arculus technology is designed to transform a metal payment card into a multifunctional device to support both traditional payments and to act as a tap-to-authenticate hardware token allowing for passwordless and hardware-based multi-factor authentication. 
 
 Market Opportunity 
 
 Edgar, Dunn and Company, a global financial services and payments consulting firm Edgar Dunn ), estimated there were 9 billion addressable payment cards in circulation (from total of over 15 billion) globally in 2022, with 4.5 billion addressable payment cards issued in 2022, and estimates total cards issued will grow to 5.5 billion by 2025. Similarly, McKinsey Company, a leading management consulting firm, estimates that global payment card revenue is expected to grow from 2.1 trillion in 2021 to 3.3 trillion by 2026. Ongoing payment card innovations, particularly dual-interface contactless or tap-to-pay functionality, are expected to support continued physical card use as compared with other payment approaches. 
 
 Payment cards are primarily offered by bank issuers through proprietary issuer brands or as co-branded cards that leverage the brand equity and customer base of co-brand partners. Issuers dedicate significant resources to acquire new customers, retain existing customers, and grow customer spend as intense competition drives the need to differentiate their payment card programs. Issuers use advertising and program benefits to attract cardholders and 
 5 

also use brand recognition that relies upon the physical attributes of the payment card itself, including the look, feel and composition of the physical cards. 
 
 The Company s metal payment cards offer issuers the opportunity to provide a premium experience to their cardholders as part of a payment card program s overall combination of benefits. Traditional plastic card programs are highly commoditized and have historically relied upon offering benefits such as introductory interest rates, discounts, and rewards to win customers. These benefit costs are variable and can be unpredictable. Use of metal payment cards has become an increasingly key differentiator among payment card programs. Relative to traditional program incentives, the cost of a metal payment card is relatively low and predictable, giving card issuers a strong return on investment for premium metal payment cards provided by the Company. 
 
 Metal payment cards were initially designed and marketed to payment card issuers targeting relatively small segments of high-net-worth cardholders. Market acceptance within the high-net-worth segment has led issuers to expand their metal payment card offerings to target mass affluent and other customer segments. Issuance of Metal payment cards is growing quickly but remains in early phases of adoption globally. With an estimated 2022 global addressable market of 4.5 billion payment cards issued, the Company s total penetration is estimated to be less than 0.7 . 
 
 The Company believes the payment card market is undergoing a long-term transformation from plastic to metal card form factors. The following key market dynamics support issuer decisions to add metal payment cards to their programs: 
 
 Based on market survey data collected by Edgar Dunn, consumers globally favor metal form factors as superior to existing plastic cards and have even said they would switch banks to obtain a metal payment card. Technological and manufacturing innovations enable the Company to offer issuers an array of different metal form factors, and added features, with a variety of price points to provide issuers competitive differentiation in their card programs. This range of card offerings is expected to continue to drive adoption of metal payment cards across segments in issuer card portfolios (consumer, small business, corporate, etc.) and card types (credit, debit, loyalty, etc.). 
 
 The Company believes that dual-interface metal payment cards are easier to use than most mobile payment platforms, and that entrenched consumer preference for physical form factors are expected to maintain the role of payment cards in the marketplace notwithstanding the introduction of mobile payment platforms such as Apple Pay and Google Pay . It is expected that mobile payment platforms will continue to grow, but not replace physical cards as the dominant transaction model. For example, it has been reported that dual-interface cards are being used five times more often than ApplePay (up from 3.7 times in 2021) and 2.5 times more than all mobile wallets combined (up from 1.6 times in 2021). Dual-interface cards are more popular among consumers for in-person transactions and online transactions, with one study recently reporting that 80 of consumers preferred using a debit or credit card when buying online. 
 
 Card issuers are considering the adoption of new payment card features, including biometrics, dynamic card verification value CVV ), and LED display features, among others. The incremental costs of adding these technologies to payment cards favors the use of metal form factors instead of plastic cards. The Company believes metal cards provide a more durable physical housing versus plastic, thus better preserving the integrity and functionality of any added technologies, driving efficiency in issuer acquisition costs. 
 
 Payment cards remain the primary payment instrument at the point of sale. The introduction of dual-interface cards is expected to continue to drive use of physical cards in stores. It has been reported that dual-interface cards were used in 14 of in-store payments in 2022, twice as much as in 2021. Even with the ongoing global expansion of e-commerce, the need for physical card products is not expected to significantly diminish. After more than two decades of e-commerce activity, it is estimated that less than 15 of total U.S. retail sales in 2022 were completed through e-commerce channels. 
 
 The Company s products and services are designed to serve the convergence of large and growing addressable markets supported by increasing business and consumer demand for solutions supporting contactless 
 6 

payments, enhanced security and fraud protection. The Company believes there is a compelling market opportunity to provide payment card issuers, and other existing and prospective metal card clients, secure authentication solutions to meet the growing demand to enhance consumer security, through the use of a premium metal card - Powered by Arculus. Today s digital world leaves consumer assets exposed to fraud, hacking and other dangers. Website and App developers are trying to mitigate these dangers, but consumers are faced with antiquated and expensive security solutions that have complicated user experiences including usernames and passwords at risk for being stolen or otherwise compromised. Based on industry reports: 
 
 Identity fraud losses totaled 52 billion in 2021, including fraud scams to obtain personal information from consumers, affecting 42 million U.S. adults. 
 
 Over 422 million people were victims of data breaches in 2022; representing about a 42 increase over 2021 data. 
 
 Payment card fraud losses worldwide exceeded 32 billion in 2021, of which nearly 12 billion was in the U.S. 
 
 Passwords are often identified as the weak link in cybersecurity, with password security issues accounting for 80 of all data breaches globally in 2022. 
 
 Most consumers are ready to transition away from password login methods and consider secure access to be highly influential in trusting their financial services providers. 
 
 Security attacks are increasing, with both external and internal threats of growing concern to consumers and industry participants. Use of secure authentication provides a high level of security for passwordless authentication. The Company's Arculus secure authentication technology is expected to address the growing need for more secure, but frictionless solutions - for payment card issuers and other businesses seeking to improve their consumer experience. 
 
 Growth Opportunities 
 
 The Company is a high-growth, profitable technology company, focused on innovative payments, security, and authentication solutions. The Company has a demonstrated track record of achieving growth in operational scale and financial performance, including: 
 
 Card programs served grew from approximately 60 in 2018 to over 125 in 2022; 
 
 Metal payment card unit sales grew from 12.6 million in 2018 to approximately 30 million in 2022 (24 compound annual growth rate or CAGR 
 
 Net sales grew from 155 million in 2018 to 378 million in 2022 (25 CAGR); and 
 
 Net income grew from 52 million in 2018 to 131.8 million in 2022 (26 CAGR) and Adjusted EBITDA grew from 69 million in 2018 to 136 million in 2022 (19 CAGR) . Adjusted EBITDA is a non-GAAP financial measure that is not prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP and that may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. For a reconciliation of Adjusted EBITDA to net income, see Item 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations Use of non-GAAP Financial Measures. 
 
 Even with its long-term track record of growth and leadership in metal payment card solutions, the Company s sales volume in 2022 represented less than 0.7 of estimated addressable market, indicating substantial opportunity for further penetration of the global payment card market. Presently, the Company's metal payment card growth activities are targeted in these primary areas: 
 
 Domestic Expansion . In 2022, the Company produced metal payment cards for 8 of the top 10 U.S. card issuers. The Company believes there are substantial opportunities to expand adoption of metal form factors for 
 7 

existing client proprietary and co-branded mass affluent card programs which do not currently offer metal payment cards. The number of issuers adopting metal programs continues to increase, and there has been an increase in card issuers expanding their metal card programs to additional proprietary and co-branded portfolios. The Company s marketing and sales activities target opportunities to expand metal card programs for existing customers and to introduce metal form factors to new card issuer clients in the U.S. 
 
 International Expansion . The Company s net sales from non-U.S. metal payment card programs in 2022 totaled 83 million, more than four times its 2018 net sales of 19 million from non-U.S. programs. The Company believes that issuers in international markets are still in the early stages of adoption of metal form factors and largely untapped opportunities exist across major markets in Europe, Asia, India, the Middle East, and Latin America. In these regions, issuers are developing awareness of the relatively low cost and attractive economics of metal payment card programs. The Company has continued to grow its team of international direct sales representatives and third-party distribution partners to further support growth in markets outside of the U.S. 
 
 Fintech Issuers . Innovative new issuers, including digital challenger banks and other emerging fintechs, are increasingly seeking premium physical touch points to enhance their otherwise digital-only customer relationships. Fintech is a word formed from the combination of financial and technology and is used to describe new technologies to deliver financial services to help businesses and consumers manage their financial activities. 
 
 Technology and Innovation . Since its founding, the Company s growth has been underpinned by the transformative security and payments technologies it has developed and commercialized for large, mainstream markets. The Company expects to maintain its technological advantages over competitors with consistent research and development investment in its Innovation Lab to drive new metal form factors and card features, including the Arculus portfolio of secure authentication and digital asset storage solutions, which provide opportunities for expanded revenue and profitability. In addition to new products and revenue opportunities, the Company s Innovation Lab is continually focused on improvements in manufacturing processes to drive efficiency, increase capacity, improve sustainability, and reduce waste to support enhanced operating leverage and profitability. The Company's use of 65 post-consumer recycled stainless steel in its metal card products is a major sustainability advantage over plastic cards. 
 
 Key Products 
 
 The Company is a category leader in the design and manufacture of premium metal payment cards. Its metal payment cards are currently issued on the Visa , Mastercard , American Express , and China Union Pay payment networks. 
 
 The Company has a track record of more than two decades of pioneering continuous payment card innovation in metal form factors. In 2003, for the American Express Centurion program, the Company created the world s first metal payment card and, in 2009, the Company developed the first commercialized metal payment cards with embedded EMV chips (EMV is an acronym derived from the names Europay, Mastercard and Visa, and is a high-security payment protocol for payment cards which utilizes an embedded microprocessor that, when paired with an EMV enabled payment terminal, authenticates cardholder transactions; EMV cards are often called chip cards). In 2010, for the JP Morgan Chase Sapphire Preferred program, the Company created the first metal payment card targeting the mass affluent segment, significantly expanding the potential number of cardholders that issuers could address with metal payment cards. In 2017, the Company introduced the first large-scale NFC-integrated dual-interface metal payment cards for the American Express Platinum program. NFC refers to the near-field communications protocol which enables RFID (i.e., radio-frequency identification) communications between payment cards and payment terminals. Dual-interface payment cards today comprise the majority of the Company s sales volume because of the speed and convenience they offer to cardholders. In 2022, the Company began offering payment cards with Arculus secure authentication and cold storage functionality. The Company has key US and international patents and trade secrets in many facets of metal card form factors and manufacturing processes, including the integration of NFC technology into metal payment cards. 
 
 8 

The Company provides its clients customized and highly differentiated financial payment products in order to support and grow the acquisition, retention, and spending of cardholders. The Company leverages the latest innovations in security and functionality to provide its clients with payment cards that deliver elevated, premium experiences to cardholders. The Company offers a variety of metal payment cards, at different price points and using an array of metal and metal-polymer hybrid constructions, that allow clients to customize their payment card programs to target specific cardholder segments. The Company's payment cards are tailored to specific client and payment card program requirements. The Company s primary metal form factors include: 
 
 Embedded Metal Metal Veneer Lite Metal Veneer Full Metal Metal core with polymer front and back faces Metal front with polymer back Metal front with polymer back Greatest metal density and weight Features dual-interface technology Features dual-interface technology Features dual-interface technology Features dual-interface technology Flexible design options Weighs approximately 13 grams Can be engraved Supports 2D/3D engraved graphics Weighs approximately 12 grams Weighs approximately 16 grams Weighs approximately 21-28 grams 
 
 The Company has also recently introduced the following innovative metal card form factors to respond to the needs of payment card issuers to increasingly seek to differentiate their brands to business and consumer customers: 
 
 Lux Glass TM 
 Echo Mirror TM 
 Ceramic Metal Hybrid Uses of Corning Gorilla Glass with metal bezel Buffed stainless-steel Metal front with polymer back Durable for heavy use Mirror-like finish and scratch-resistant coating Black or white ceramic coating Elegant look and feel with metal sound Supports laser/mechanical engraving Supports laser/mechanical engraving Weighs approximately 8 grams Weighs approximately 20 grams Weighs approximately 20 grams 
 
 In addition, as payment card issuers face growing demand for enhanced security and other distinctive features for their card programs, the Company s Innovation Lab has recently provided its customers the opportunity to include any of the following new and innovative features in their payment cards: 
 
 Biometric cards - This feature adds on-card biometric sensors for added security. The Company offers a fingerprint sensor on the card body so that the card can only be used at point-of-sale by the cardholder who has enrolled their unique fingerprint to the card, which is stored in the chip module in the card. 
 
 Dynamic CVV Adding dynamic CVV technology to metal cards as an additional security feature converts the 3-digit CVV code from a static number printed on the back of the card to one on a tiny e-ink screen that refreshes periodically. As the cardholder must physically possess the card to have all the necessary information to make a purchase, this technology aims to fight the 32 billion payment card fraud crisis facing the credit card industry. 
 
 LED This feature can be added to the Company s Metal Veneer cards, enabling the issuing bank logo (or other elements) on the face of the card to light up with LEDs when a contactless transaction is initiated at the point of sale. 
 
 Arculus Business Solutions : The Company's Arculus technology is designed to transform a metal payment card into a multifunctional device to support both traditional payments and to act as a tap-to-authenticate hardware 
 9 

token allowing for passwordless and hardware-based multi-factor authentication. Leveraging a familiar form factor (payment card) as an authentication key allows for a frictionless user experience, delivers improved security, and continues to enhance the brand for card issuers and co-brand partners. The Arculus Business Solutions offer customizable security features that can be seamlessly integrated into the Company s premium metal cards to drive consumer acquisition for the Company's clients and a high-quality experience for their consumers. The Company believes its Arculus technology elevates the digital security experience for consumers by seamlessly integrating secure authentication and/or cold storage capabilities into their everyday wallets. 
 
 The Company s primary Arculus Business Solutions are: 
 
 Payments + Arculus Secure Authentication The Arculus Secure Authentication Solutions are expected to be seamlessly integrated and paired with the Company s payment cards, allowing consumers to make transactions and gain secure access to personal accounts, all from the same metal card. This custom security solution enables card issuers and other businesses to build multi-factor authentication solutions for their customers, through the convenience of the Company s premium metal cards Powered by Arculus. The Arculus customizable secure authentication feature is designed to fit into each client s own information technology infrastructure with ease, enabling them to meet the specific needs of their customers. With over 555 million passwords stolen since 2017, Arculus provides a more secure option for businesses and their customers, offering a best-in-class, passwordless and secure authentication experience. The Arculus Secure Authentication Solution is FIDO2 certified, and the Company has obtained approval by Mastercard and Visa to produce metal payment cards with authentication capabilities. FIDO2 refers to Fast Identity Online, a technology which enables users to leverage common devices to easily authenticate to online services in both mobile and desktop environments. The Arculus Secure Authentication Solution allows clients to generate and store their FIDO2 security key on a custom branded metal card, rather than a clunky and generic USB dongle or other hardware token, resulting in a smooth customer experience and increased brand loyalty with each tap-to-authenticate interaction. 
 
 White-Labeled Cold Storage The Company also offers a white-labeled cold storage wallet in the form of a premium metal card, to give consumers the ability to make transactions and store the private keys to their digital assets in a single metal card. The Arculus Cold Storage Solution works across exchanges, marketplaces, and platforms to bring convenience into the world of self-custody allowing consumers to simply and securely access their digital assets. 
 
 Payments + Arculus Cold Storage The Company also expects to offer the combination of Arculus digital asset cold storage capabilities with a premium metal payment card to give consumers the ability to make transactions and store the private keys to their digital assets in a single metal card. The Arculus Cold Storage Solution works across exchanges, marketplaces, and platforms to bring convenience into the world of self-custody allowing consumers to simply and securely access their digital assets. As digital assets try to establish their value in the world, card issuers offering metal payment cards featuring cold storage capabilities signal a future-forward mindset to their customers. The Arculus Cold Storage Solution can integrate directly into existing card issuer infrastructures. Arculus technology is built to fit with and promote client branding. From white-labeled mobile applications to custom metal cards, Arculus provides secure solutions that amplify client brands into their consumer's everyday wallets. 
 
 Payments + Arculus Secure Authentication + Arculus Cold Storage The Company also expects to be able to combine its Arculus Secure Authentication Solution and Arculus Cold Storage Solution to enable card issuers and other businesses to build multi-factor authentication solutions for their customers and offer consumers the ability to make transactions and store the private keys to their digital assets all on the same metal card. 
 
 Consumer Products : For consumers, the Company launched Arculus in October 2021 with the introduction of the Arculus Cold Storage wallet for simple and secure storage of digital assets for consumers. The Arculus Cold Storage wallet, is a revolutionary cold storage wallet for securing digital assets. The risk of loss of valuable assets by consumers and other industry participants is driving the need for more advanced security solutions to protect these digital assets against fraud and theft. It is estimated that about 10 billion in 2021, and 3.8 billion in 2022, in digital assets were stolen from consumers. The Company believes the use of the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet could substantially reduce the risk of catastrophic loss of valuable assets. Wallets enable users to access and monitor their digital assets and initiate transactions. Hot storage wallets generate and store private and public keys and digitally 
 10 

sign transactions within Internet-connected devices where storage of the keys is hosted by a third-party custodian. For example, digital asset exchanges today typically provide their customers hot storage wallets with the exchange having custody of the user s private keys (which refers to codes needed for a user to access their digital assets). By contrast, cold storage wallets store private keys in the custody of the user, eliminating custodial-based security vulnerabilities. Though typically more convenient for day-to-day transaction activity than cold storage, Hot storage wallets are more prone to risk of fraud and cyber-theft, as well as the risk of bankruptcy, withdrawal freezes and other liquidity risks of hot storage wallet operators. Even in light of the recent turmoil in the digital asset markets, the Company believes digital assets will continue to have a significant impact on new global financial and security frameworks and will present significant monetization opportunities. Crypto.com reported that global cryptocurrency users increased 39 in 2022 from 306 million to 425 million. Blockchain.com reported 11 million active cryptocurrency wallet users (inclusive of hot and cold storage) at year end 2016. This figure grew to over 85 million by year end 2022. Based on available data, it is estimated that about 10 billion in 2021, and 3.8 billion in 2022, in cryptocurrencies was stolen from consumers. The cold storage market is nascent but projected to grow rapidly, as consumers increasingly seek out enhanced security for storage of their digital assets and look to maintain custody of their private keys. 
 
 Arculus protects digital assets with a secure and convenient metal card and mobile application, giving the user control of their private keys. The Arculus Cold Storage Wallet utilizes a three-factor authentication solution, comprised of (i) a biometric feature found on the vast majority of mobile devices, requiring the physical presence of the registered user - something you are , (ii) a personal identification number, or PIN, which is stored in the secure element of the card - something you know , and (iii) possession of the metal card itself and presentation of that card to the mobile device using the Arculus mobile application - something you have . The card is a premium, metal card with a chip module and antenna used to enable the card to communicate with a smart phone or similar NFC-enabled device operating the Arculus mobile application for tap-to-transact functionality. By simply tapping the card to the back of the phone, the user can digitally sign transactions with their private keys, which are generated using advanced cryptography and stored on the card. The companion mobile application is available as a free download on the Apple Store and Google Play store. The Arculus metal card was designed, and is manufactured, by the Company at its existing manufacturing facilities. 
 
 The Arculus Cold Storage Wallet allows users to easily and securely buy and swap digital assets, providing the convenience of hot storage with the security of cold storage. Commercial sales of the Arculus Cold Storage wallet commenced in the fourth quarter of 2021. Compared with existing cold storage wallet products available in the market, the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet offers a secure, user-friendly, and feature-rich solution that utilizes the Company s expertise in NFC-integrated metal card design and production. In 2022, the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet was recognized by ABI Research, an independent industry research firm, as the most innovative cold storage hardware wallet in the industry. As of the date of this report, the Arculus Cold Storage wallet supports specific digital assets, including Bitcoin, Ethereum, non-fungible tokens (NFTs) and others, and the Company soon plans to substantially increase the number and type of digital assets supported. Updated support lists are maintained on the Company's Arculus consumer website at www.getarculus.com . 
 
 To the Company s knowledge, the following features of the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet are unique in the industry as such features are not currently available in the wallet offerings of the Company s primary competitors: 
 
 Cold Storage : Private keys remain in an offline environment kept in a metal card using a CC EAL 6 secure element (which refers to Common Criteria Evaluation Assurance Level 6, an international standard established by www.commoncriteriaportal.org, which is used to evaluate the security implementation in information technology software and hardware). 
 
 Three-Factor Authentication : Advanced security across: (1) biometric (i.e., fingerprint and/or facial recognition); (2) personal identification number (PIN); and (3) NFC connection with the Arculus card. 
 
 Innovative Form Factor : Digital asset key storage solution contained in a slim, metal form factor card, which does not require a battery or charging, offering a premium user experience and heightened hardware protection through an easy-to-use, NFC connection tap-to-transact ). 
 
 Fully Featured Mobile A pplication: Easily send, receive, purchase and swap digital assets. 
 11 

The Company has arrangements in place with third party liquidity partners to provide Arculus customers with digital asset purchase and/or swap transactions. In these arrangements, the Company may receive referral fees calculated as a portion of the total amount that the end user customer pays to the third-party liquidity partner for the transaction. In addition, Arculus customers can effect peer-to-peer/send receive transfers using the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet and three-factor authentication technology, providing the end user significantly more protection against theft, fraud and hacking as compared to the use of custodial hot storage. The Company is not compensated for such user-directed activities. 
 
 Competitive Strengths 
 
 As a pioneer in payments and security technology, the Company possesses key competitive differentiators it leverages to expand its leadership position in metal payment card solutions and in commercializing Arculus secure authentication and digital asset storage solutions. These differentiators include: 
 
 Innovation . The Company has been a leader and innovator for decades in the payment cards industry, including the first metal payment card (2003), the first mass affluent metal payment card (2010), the first metal tap-to-pay credit card (2016), the first metal NFC-enabled cold storage hardware device (2021), and a pipeline of new product features including LED display features, biometric security features, glass and mirror-finish payment card constructions, dynamic CVV, and product and solution expansion planned for the Arculus Platform. In addition to new products and revenue opportunities, the Company s research and development efforts are continually focused on improvements in manufacturing processes to improve efficiency, increase capacity, improve sustainability, and reduce waste to support enhanced operating leverage and profitability. 
 
 Embedded Client Relationships . The Company has been serving its two largest clients, American Express and JP Morgan Chase, for over fifteen years, building strong relationships with key personnel. For these major and numerous other clients, the Company has produced metal payment cards for over 125 card programs, including issuer proprietary and co-branded programs. The Company has also steadily grown the number of customers it serves, increasing from approximately 30 in 2016 to more than 125 in 2022. 
 
 Scale . In 2022, the Company produced approximately 30 million metal payment cards. Leveraging its manufacturing and support facilities in Somerset, New Jersey, the Company has developed the ability to provide volume and quality at a scale the Company believes is much larger than current metal payment card competitors existing metal card output. The Company believes that its ability to produce metal payment card volume and quality at scale, is critical to the success of very large payment card programs, while also driving manufacturing efficiencies and related cost advantages. In addition, the Company has separate manufacturing operations designed to optimize smaller quantity production runs for pilot or specialized card programs. 
 
 Patents and Trade Secrets . Leveraging its decades of experience, the Company has developed extensive trade secrets in creating graphic effects on metal cards, heavily customized equipment and machinery and proprietary coatings, as well as the knowledge and ability to blend various metals and polymers to create unique composites. The Company has a strong focus on protecting its proprietary intellectual property. As of March 2022, the Company had more than 58 U.S. and foreign (utility and design) patents issued, more than 33 U.S. and foreign (utility and design) patent applications pending, and new technologies under development. The Company expects to continue to develop innovations for payment card form factor design, components and manufacturing methods, many of which are reflected in patent applications, which may also include further technological innovations for the Arculus Platform. 
 
 Clients 
 
 The Company maintains trusted, highly-embedded and long-term customer relationships with an expanding set of global issuers. The Company has developed long-term relationships with its largest customers, including nineteen years with American Express and fifteen years with JP Morgan Chase, across multiple RFP cycles with both companies, as well as eight years with CapitalOne. 
 12 

The proven value proposition of the Company s premium metal payment cards supports card issuers acquisition and retention of consumer and business card customers. For each of its largest issuer relationships, the Company serves numerous distinct issuer-branded and co-branded card programs, diversifying the Company s revenues even within individual clients. 
 
 For example, the Company supports the following proprietary and co-branded programs: 
 
 Issuer/Reseller JPMorgan Chase American Express Capital One Fiserv Proprietary Programs Sapphire Preferred Centurion Venture N/A Sapphire Reserve Platinum Savor JPM Reserve Gold Spark Business Ink VentureX Co-Branded Programs Amazon Prime Amazon Prime Business N/A Verizon Whole Foods Marriott Morgan Stanley United Delta X1 TM 
 Marriott Air Canada Hyatt Business Disney 
 
 These card portfolios create recurring revenue streams driven by issuer demand for the Company's metal payment cards to support new customer acquisition and replacement card activity for lost and stolen cards, account fraud, and natural card reissuance cycles that occur each year. 
 
 As payment card issuers seek ways to drive differentiation in their market, the Company s premium metal payment cards have become a key component of its clients customer-facing marketing messages. Moreover, issuers who do not offer a premium card product are increasingly realizing that they risk losing market share. 
 
 The Company and its major clients have entered into multi-year master agreements which provide general terms and conditions. These clients then typically provide single-order, blanket-order and/or multi-year statements of work which set forth prices and quantities of payment cards. For most other clients, the relationship is governed by individual purchase orders instead of master agreements. 
 
 The Company s largest clients are American Express and JP Morgan Chase. Together these clients represented 67.3 (or individually, approximately 34.7 and 32.6 , respectively) of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022, and 71.9 (or individually, approximately 34.5 and 37.4 , respectively) of our net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The Company's master service agreement with American Express (the Amex Agreement will be up for renewal on December 31, 2024. Typically, the Company renews such client agreements upon their expiration in the ordinary course of business. Under the Amex Agreement, American Express reserves annual capacity of products and is required to order a certain percentage of that capacity from the Company, and the Company may charge American Express for a portion of that capacity even if American Express orders below capacity for any given year. Subject to compliance by American Express with any existing purchase commitments and in line with industry common practice, American Express may terminate the Amex Agreement (i) for convenience pursuant to written notice, or (ii) for cause if the Company commits a material breach and does not remedy it within a prescribed time period. The Company may terminate the Amex Agreement if American Express does not make required payments, and does not remedy the non-payment within a prescribed time period. In addition, subject to compliance by American Express with any existing purchase commitments, American Express may terminate individual orders entered into under the Amex Agreement with prior written notice. 
 
 The Company s master service agreement and related statement of work with JP Morgan Chase (the Chase Agreement will be up for renewal on December 31, 2023. Typically, the Company renews such client agreements 
 13 

upon their expiration in the ordinary course of business. Under the Chase Agreement, JP Morgan Chase agreed to purchase its metal payment cards only from the Company during the term of the Chase Agreement. Under the Chase Agreement, JP Morgan Chase reserves annual capacity of products. Subject to compliance by JP Morgan Chase with any purchase commitments to the Company and in line with industry common practice, JP Morgan Chase may terminate the Chase Agreement (i) for convenience pursuant to written notice, or (ii) if the Company commits a material breach and does not remedy it within a prescribed time period. The Company may terminate the Chase Agreement if JP Morgan Chase does not make required payments, and does not remedy the non-payment within a prescribed time period. 
 
 Sales and Marketing 
 
 The Company markets and sells its metal payment card products to U.S. and international card issuers, as well as distributors and resellers, primarily for international card markets. Sales activities are designed to develop and foster deep relationships with key payment cards issuers throughout the world. Through these activities, the Company works to strengthen relationships and expand metal payment card programs with existing clients and to identify and complete sales to new clients. The Company has two primary sales channels, as follows: 
 
 Direct Sales . The Company has direct sales representatives in the U.S., Europe, India and South America, supported by client relationship managers and solutions architects. The Company establishes direct engagement between its sales team and issuers in various regions across the world, with success driven by an iterative and collaborative process. The Company s sales team focuses on issuer portfolios on a program-by-program basis. 
 
 Indirect Sales . The Company has been expanding its relationships with a variety of card ecosystem partners, such as plastic card manufacturers and personalization partners throughout the world. Personalization is the process of encoding, programming and printing, embossing or laser engraving a payment card with the cardholder s name, account number and other information.These relationships enable the Company to reach more card issuers, some of whom prefer to run all card purchasing through their existing relationships. Distribution partners are able to offer their customers a broader range of card form factors and special features, bringing the Company into a sales process as the metal payment card expert, as well as the secure authentication and digital asset storage solutions expert. The Company s distribution partners operate global sales teams. In these relationships, the Company typically sells its metal payment cards to its distribution partners at a wholesale price and the distributor then resells the cards to its customers, typically on an integrated basis with the distributor s personalization, fulfillment and other card-related services (with prices to their customers under the sole control of the distribution partner). The Company also uses a variety of marketing communications, including conferences and trade show attendance, print and digital advertisements and social media marketing, targeted at card issuers and consumers, and designed to demonstrate and expand the demand for metal payment cards. 
 
 Business-to-Business Sales . The Company is targeting marketing and sales of its Arculus Business Solutions to existing payment card issuer clients and their co-brand partners, including traditional financial institutions, fintech companies and other digital asset exchanges. For example, the Company offers a partner-branded (or white-labeled version of the Arculus Secure Authentication Solution and the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet, as well as other Arculus products and/or services. The Company believes this model solves the client s need to provide their consumers enhanced security. The Company believes these targeted sales and marketing activities will drive the Arculus portfolio of solutions to consumers through a variety of channels, while also diversifying the Arculus revenue streams into a combination of hardware sales and recurring revenues from transaction processing fees and subscription fees. 
 
 Business-to-Consumer Sales . The Company s direct-to-consumer strategy expects to generate sales via the Internet, physical retail and other channels. The Company s online direct-to-consumer strategy includes selling products through its own Arculus-branded e-commerce website, as well as other Internet distribution channels, including Amazon.com , Walmart.com , NewEgg.com , and other online distributors. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The market for payment cards is highly competitive. The Company competes with providers of other incentives and initiatives, including rewards programs and traditional plastic card manufacturers. The Company also competes with several other manufacturers of cards containing some metal. However, most of the Company s 
 14 

competitors in card manufacturing are large, diversified businesses with areas of strategic focus outside of the payment cards market, and their card operations focus primarily on lower margin plastic card manufacturing. The Company believes that most competitive metal card manufacturers have substantially less production capacity, less technical expertise in the metal form factor, a limited selection of metal card designs and constructions, and less extensive supplier relationships for the raw materials needed for metal cards. The Company s metal card products compete with other card manufacturers, including Idemia France S.A.S., Thales DIS France SA, CPI Card Group, Giesecke Devrient GmbH, Kona I and BioSmart Co., Ltd. 
 
 Competitive factors in selling metal payment cards include primarily product quality, the ability to manufacture high volumes of cards, the ability to deliver finished cards on fixed schedules enabling card issuers (and their personalization partners) to meet consumer demand for metal payment cards, the range of products offered, innovation in metal form factor design and construction and technological innovation to enhance the cardholder experience, product features and price. The Company competes favorably across all of these factors, in the following ways: 
 
 The Company is the pioneer and market leader in production of metal payment cards, with over two decades of experience in designing and manufacturing metal payment cards to meet the needs of large card issuers and brands, and maintains its leadership of bringing innovation to the payment card marketplace. 
 
 The Company has the facilities, personnel, manufacturing equipment, and processes to manufacture metal payment cards at scale while maintaining high quality standards. 
 
 The Company has developed valuable relationships with clients, raw material suppliers, personalization partners, distributors, and equipment manufacturers. 
 
 The Company maintains long-term contracts with its largest clients, which are also some of the largest card issuers in the world, across a diversified portfolio of proprietary and co-brand payment card programs. 
 
 The market for digital security, authentication and digital asset storage products and services is highly fragmented today. The Company competes for business sales with other providers of digital security, authentication and storage products and services. The Company provides an innovative offering to the market and believes that the Company s plans to combine payment cards with secure authentication and digital asset storage solutions positions the Company to address a specific, growing need of payment card issuers, fintechs, and other businesses seeking to enhance their customers security. The Company s primary competitor in the secure authentication solutions market is Yubikey , which is a stand-alone hardware device typically connected to a computer for authentication functionality. 
 
 The market for cold storage is highly competitive. Presently, most cold storage wallets are sold directly to consumers, and the Company faces competition from existing products and potential new product launches from existing storage businesses and new entrants. However, most of the Company s competitors in the cold storage wallet market do not presently offer products and services with the range of security features and enhanced user interface/user experience of the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet. The Company s primary competitors in the cold storage wallet market include Ledger SAS, Trezor , CoolWallets , KeepKey , Coldcard TM , BitBox , Ballet TM , and Ellipal , among others. 
 
 Cold storage wallets also compete as a category of products against hot storage wallets to serve digital asset holders. Hot storage wallets generate and store private keys and public keys and digitally sign transactions within Internet-connected devices where a digital asset holder s private keys are under the custody of a third party, typically in a cloud-based, hosted environment that may be vulnerable to cyber-theft. Consumers are increasingly shifting to self-custody of their private keys via cold storage wallets for the enhanced security benefits. Further, the Company also believes that its Arculus Cold Storage Wallet delivers a cold storage solution that eliminates much of the user experience friction historically associated with competing legacy cold storage wallet products. The Company provides a physical, branded touchpoint through the sleek metal card that the Company believes will be preferred by financial institutions and other branded stakeholders in the market for digital assets over less tangible, digital-only hot storage Wallets. Hot storage wallets and related solutions include wallets typically provided by digital asset exchanges to their customers and the related backend software solutions enabling hot storage wallets. 
 
 15 

Manufacturing 
 
 The Company designs and manufactures its metal payment cards using highly specialized equipment, significantly modified to meet the Company s particular production methods and card constructions. The Company s engineers have designed and implemented proprietary equipment modifications, process automation, and efficiency initiatives to drive significant improvements in manufacturing scale and productivity. The rollout of these initiatives is an ongoing process and continues with an increased focus on automation throughout the manufacturing process, which is expected to result in further improvements in manufacturing yields and labor efficiency, enabling the Company to meet client demand and withstand competitive pricing pressures. The Company s research and development personnel bring substantial expertise in material science enabling the Company to design and produce difficult-to-replicate metal form factors, and to be a leader in technological innovations for payment cards. 
 
 Payment cards require high security throughout the manufacturing process, and the Company maintains extensive policies, procedures and staff to assure compliance with the payment card industry security standards, payment network and client requirements. 
 
 The Company s manufacturing operations are designed to meet the needs of its diverse range of client payment card programs. The following diagram demonstrates the Company s role in the payment card marketplace: 

The Company leases an aggregate of approximately 241,000 square feet in five (5) facilities, all located in Somerset, New Jersey (U.S.A.), enabling the Company to manufacture its products on an integrated basis across its facilities. The Company uses high-security ground freight (such as armored vehicles) for delivery of finished payment cards to the Company s clients or, more frequently, directly to personalization partners selected by the Company s clients. Personalization partners provide cardholder personalization and fulfillment services. 
 
 Supply Chain 
 
 The Company has developed and maintains a valuable and extensive network of suppliers, which provide the Company with EMV chips, various types of metal, adhesives, signature panels, magnetic stripes, payment 
 16 

network logos (including holographic) and other materials for payment card production. The Company believes that the raw materials needed to produce its payment card products are available from multiple sources at reasonable prices In light of recent chip shortages, the Company has established a multi-year purchase commitment with one of its EMV chip suppliers. As a result, the Company presently does not anticipate any raw materials shortages. The Company obtains its raw materials from suppliers located in the U.S., Japan, China, Italy and France. Primary suppliers for EMV chips are leading semiconductor manufacturers. The Company maintains constant vigilance concerning supply chain risks and evaluates alternate suppliers to assure availability, quality, performance, service, price and other features. 
 
 Research and Development Intellectual Property 
 
 The Company s Innovation Lab is comprised of material scientists, engineers and technicians devoted to the invention and development of new metal form factors, card features, secure authentication and digital asset storage technology and applications. The work of the Innovation Lab is then made available by the Company s sales team to its existing and new customers, and rapidly deployed into the Company s manufacturing operations for production of customer orders. 
 
 The Company has extensive and global intellectual property rights, such as design and utility patents and patent applications, trade secrets, confidential information, trademarks, service marks, trade names, and copyrights. The Company also maintains licensed rights to certain manufacturing technology relating to dual-interface antennae, and may, from time to time, enter into similar commercial agreements if needed or desirable for its manufacturing operations. 
 
 The Company relies on a combination of registered (such as patents, trademarks, service marks, etc.) and unregistered (such as trade secrets, confidential information, etc.) programs for its intellectual property protection throughout the world. As of March 2022, the Company had more than 58 U.S. and foreign patents issued, more than 33 pending U.S. and foreign patent applications, 21 families of U.S. and foreign trademarks/service marks registered and/or applied for across 27 jurisdictions. The Company s 40 distinct utility patent families have an average remaining lifetime of over 13 years (of their 20-year terms from filing date, assuming eventual grant and all annuities paid); its 8 design patent families have an average 84 of their remaining lifetime remaining (of 10 25-year terms, depending upon jurisdiction), and its registered trademarks/service marks have ten-year terms renewable indefinitely with ongoing use. The Company expects to continue to develop innovations for payment card form factor design, features, components and manufacturing methods, as well as secure authentication and digital asset storage solutions, many of which are reflected in patent applications. 
 
 Sustainability Environmental Protection 
 
 The Company has been proactively pursuing environmentally friendly products for over 20 years and in 2022 achieved carbon neutral operations through a combination of production efficiencies and purchasing carbon offsets. The use of recycled stainless steel plays an important role in the Company s sustainable design as most of the Company s metal card products contain 65 post-consumer recycled stainless steel. 
 
 In 2022, the Company also achieved: 
 
 ICMA (International Card Manufacturers Association) EcoLabel Standard certification and verified assurance on the Company s ceramic metal hybrid dual-interface card and metal veneer dual-interface card products in the recycled content category; 
 
 Environmental Claim Validation from UL, the global safety science leader and one of the world s leading sources for credible and sustainable product information, for the Company s ceramic metal hybrid dual-interface card, metal hybrid dual-interface card and metal veneer dual-interface card products; and 
 
 ISO 14001 certification due to its improved sustainability operations by reducing waste, improving efficiency and enhancing operations using a systematic approach. 
 
 17 

The Company s manufacturing operations are subject to compliance with Federal, state and local environmental protection regulations, including those governing the emissions of pollutants into the air, wastewater discharges, the use and handling of hazardous substances, waste disposal, the investigation and remediation of soil and groundwater contamination. The Company believes that its operations are in material compliance with environmental requirements and that environmental matters will not have a material adverse effect on its business, operations, financial condition or results of operations. 
 
 The metal raw material used in the manufacture of the Company s metal payment cards is typically comprised of mostly post-consumer recycled materials. In addition, the Company believes that its metal form factors permit a greater opportunity for recycling and/or repurposing expired payment cards as compared to plastic cards. Some card issuers provide postage paid return shipping materials to their cardholders so that the expired cards are returned for destruction/recycling (as metal payment cards cannot typically be shredded with consumer shredding machines). 
 
 Government Regulations 
 
 The payments industry is generally subject to extensive government regulation both in the United States and internationally (where its products are sold, including in the UK, the EU and Asia) and any new laws and regulations, or industry standards or revisions made to existing laws, regulations or industry standards (or changes in interpretations or enforcement) affecting the payments industry may materially or adversely affect the Company s business. 
 
 As a metal card supplier, the Company has obtained and maintains certifications from the payment networks enabling the Company to manufacture payment cards that operate on their networks. payment network certification requires compliance with the payment card industry security standards for physical card characteristics and for card manufacturing operations and facilities. The payment networks and their member financial institutions routinely update, generally expand and modify applicable requirements. Any changes in payment network rules or standards that increase the cost of doing business or limit the Company s ability to manufacture payment cards that operate on their networks may adversely affect the results of operations of the Company s business. The Company is required to submit to periodic audits, self- assessments, or other assessments of its compliance with the payment card industry security standards. The Company has maintained payment network certifications for many years and believes that it can continue to renew such certifications. The Company also recognizes that the expensive and complex certification process, and the operational compliance required to obtain and maintain certification, acts as a significant barrier to new businesses seeking to enter the payment cards market. 
 
 The Company ships certain of its products to customers (or their personalization partners) located in the UK, the EU, India, Asia, the Middle East and Australia. In connection with such shipments, the Company is sometimes required to comply with import regulations and related procedures. In addition, the products which the Company ships to non-U.S. locations are designed and manufactured to comply with the requirements of the payment networks located in those locations, including American Express, Visa, MasterCard and JCB, among others 
 
 In addition, the Company is prohibited from doing business with individuals, entities, countries, and territories that are targets of economic or trade sanctions that the U.S. Department of the Treasury s Office of Foreign Assets Controls OFAC ), the U.S. Department of Commerce s Bureau of Industry and Security, and various foreign authorities administer or enforce. If the Company s compliance programs are found to be deficient, it could lose key relationships with clients or their personalization partners. Fines or penalties for violations of these rules may be severe and efforts to remediate any violations issues may be costly, may result in diversion of management and staff time and effort, and may still not guarantee compliance. 
 
 The Company s metal payment card fabrication business does not receive any cardholder personally identifiable information, as that information is handled directly by the Company s clients or their personalization partners. As a result, the Company s payment card operations are not directly subject to compliance with federal, state and foreign privacy statutes and regulations relating to protection of such information. 
 
 Digital assets are recent technological innovations, and the regulatory schemes to which these digital assets may be subject have not been fully explored or developed. Regulation of digital assets varies from country to country as well as within countries. In some cases, existing laws have been interpreted to apply to digital assets, 
 18 

while in other cases, jurisdictions have adopted laws, regulations or directives that specifically affect digital assets, and some jurisdictions have not taken any regulatory stance on digital assets and or have expressly declined to apply regulation. Accordingly, there is no clear regulatory framework applicable to our Arculus Cold Storage Wallet, or to digital assets, and laws that do apply at times may overlap. 
 
 Other than customary consumer marketing rules, the Company believes that, currently, there is no single uniformly applicable U.S. or international legal or regulatory regime governing its Arculus Cold Storage Wallet products. However, it is possible that governments in the U.S. and other jurisdictions may apply existing laws and regulations, or enact new regulations applicable to, Arculus Cold Storage Wallet products and activities. 
 
 Recent adverse market events in the digital asset space have led to increased attention and scrutiny by regulators, legislators and market participants alike. These market events include, among other things, the high-profile bankruptcies and insolvencies of several well-known digital asset-focused entities, most notably FTX and its affiliates, as well as litigation and regulatory enforcement actions. In addition, bankruptcy and other courts are and will be faced with novel questions, including concerning the ownership of digital assets held by custodians, the enforceability of customer terms and conditions and the priority of creditors. For those reasons, if new laws governing digital assets are adopted, it is possible that they will require greater transparency and disclosure and that they will become more restrictive, rather than more liberal or flexible, to market activities. In addition to new civil and criminal enforcement actions by U.S. regulators, developments in ongoing enforcement-related litigation could have a material effect on the U.S. regulatory treatment of digital assets. 
 
 It is possible that such regulatory initiatives could have an impact on cold storage wallets which facilitate transactions in digital assets, such as the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet. The Company expects that support for storage and peer-to-peer transfers, as well as support for purchase and swap transactions may, in the future, include additional or exclude previously supported digital assets. The Company s decisions on whether to support purchase and swap transactions in particular digital assets will be based on a combination of consumer demand, technical integration capabilities, regulatory compliance, third-party partner capabilities and management discretion. There is substantial regulatory uncertainty concerning whether certain digital assets may be deemed securities. digital assets determined to be securities under applicable laws would subject such assets to the regulatory framework of such laws, including (among others) registration requirements for the securities and licensing or registration requirements for businesses that trade in such securities. In order to determine whether a particular digital asset is a security prior to supporting purchase and swap transactions on the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet in such digital asset, the Company relies upon legal and regulatory analysis of legal counsel with expertise in the digital asset industry. The Company does not believe the storage and peer-to-peer/send receive functionality provided by the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet involves purchases, sales or other transactions effected by the Company (or any party other than the sender and the recipient). Further, the Company is not compensated for such user-directed activities. However, it is possible that regulators may determine that user-directed peer-to-peer transfers using the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet would require registration and compliance with broker-dealer and/or securities exchange regulations. If the Company is found to be in violation of the federal securities laws, the Company could be subject to significant monetary penalties, censure or other actions that may have a material and adverse effect on the Company. 
 
 The Company does not presently buy, swap or exchange digital assets for its Arculus Cold Storage Wallet customers. Instead, all purchase and swap transactions by consumers using the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet are presently executed between the consumer and one or more third-party partners. To the extent digital assets are designated by regulators as securities or commodities, the Company may need to partner with third-party registered securities or commodities brokers or dealers, or exchanges, to facilitate purchase and swap transactions by Arculus Cold Storage Wallet customers. If the Company is not able to obtain such partnering arrangements or if a regulator determines that such partnering arrangements, standing alone, do not relieve the Company of an independent licensing obligation, and if the Company does not itself register as a broker, dealer or exchange, the inability to support purchase and swap transactions in such digital assets could have a material adverse effect on the Company s business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 It is possible that any jurisdiction may, in the near or distant future, adopt laws, regulations, interpretations, policies, rules or guidance directly or indirectly affecting a digital asset network, generally, or restricting the right to acquire, own, hold, sell, convert, trade, or use digital assets, or to exchange digital assets for either fiat currency or other virtual currency. 
 
 19 

As digital assets have grown in both popularity and market size, the U.S. Congress and a number of U.S. federal and state agencies, including FinCEN, have been examining the operations of digital asset networks, with particular focus on the extent to which digital assets can be used to launder the proceeds of illegal activities or fund criminal or terrorist enterprises and the safety and soundness of exchanges or other service providers that take custody of digital assets for users. Many of these state and federal agencies have issued consumer advisories regarding the risks posed to investors in digital assets. In addition, federal and state agencies, and other regulatory bodies in other countries have issued rules or guidance about the treatment of digital asset transactions or requirements for businesses engaged in digital asset activity. Additionally, U.S. state and federal, and foreign regulators and legislatures have taken action against digital asset businesses or enacted restrictive regimes in response to adverse publicity arising from hacks, consumer harm, or criminal activity stemming from digital asset activity with respect to digital assets. Accordingly, government authorities may engage in future actions that interpret existing laws and regulations, or propose new ones, to regulate certain wallet providers as intermediaries in digital asset transactions. In addition, governments or regulatory authorities may impose new or additional licensing, registration or other compliance requirements on participants in the digital asset industry, which may include the Company s present or future Arculus Cold Storage Wallet activities. For an additional discussion of regulatory risks related to future government actions, please see Risk Factors Regulatory changes or actions may restrict the use of the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet or digital assets in a manner that adversely affects the Company s business, prospects or operations . These ongoing and future regulatory actions may alter, perhaps to a materially adverse extent, the nature of an investment in digital asset derivatives and/or the ability of the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet to continue to operate. 
 
 Various foreign jurisdictions may adopt policies, laws, regulations or directives that affect digital assets or a digital asset network, generally. The effect of any existing regulation or future regulatory change on the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet or digital assets is impossible to predict, but such change could be substantial and adverse to the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet. Various foreign jurisdictions have, and may continue to in the near future, adopt laws, regulations or directives that affect digital assets, particularly with respect to digital asset exchanges and service providers that fall within such jurisdictions regulatory scope. Such laws, regulations or directives may conflict with those of the United States and may negatively impact the acceptance of digital assets by users, merchants and service providers outside the United States and may therefore impede the growth or sustainability of the digital asset economy in these jurisdictions as well as in the United States and elsewhere, or otherwise negatively affect the value of digital assets. 
 
 Employees 
 
 As of March 1, 2023, the Company had approximately 850 full-time employees, and approximately twenty part-time employees. With the Company s significant growth rate, expansion of staff has been continuous, as well as process innovations and automation to streamline operations. The Company considers relations with its employees to be good and has never experienced any work stoppages or strikes as a result of labor disputes. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors 
 
 Summary of Risk Factors 
 
 An investment in our securities involves substantial risk. The occurrence of one or more of the events or circumstances described in the section entitled Risk Factors, alone or in combination with other events or circumstances, may have a material adverse effect on our business, cash flows, financial condition and results of operations. Important factors and risks that could cause actual results to differ materially from those in the forward-looking statements include, among others, the following: 
 
 Risks Related to our Business 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures implemented to contain the spread of the virus have had a negative impact on our business and result of operations and, if continued, could be amplified and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rate in the future. 
 20 

Failure to retain existing customers or identify and attract new customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Data and security breaches could compromise our systems and confidential information, cause reputational and financial damage, and increase risks of litigation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 System outages, data loss or other interruptions affecting our operations could adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 Disruptions at our primary production facility may adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
 We may not be able to recruit, retain and develop qualified personnel, including for areas of newer specialized technology which could adversely affect our ability to grow our business. 
 Our future growth may depend upon our ability to develop, introduce and commercialize new products, which can be a lengthy and complex process. If we are unable to introduce new products and services in a timely manner, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 A disruption in our operations or supply chain or the performance of our suppliers and/or development partners could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 We have limited experience in the digital assets industry and may not succeed in fully commercializing the products and solutions derived from the Arculus Platform. 
 Digital asset wallet storage systems, such as the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet, are subject to risks related to a loss of funds due to theft of digital assets, security and cybersecurity risks, system failures and other operational issues, which could cause damage to our reputation and brand. 
 Regulatory changes or actions may restrict the use of the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet or digital assets in a manner that adversely affects our business, prospects or operations. 
 Production quality and manufacturing process disruptions could adversely affect our business. 
 We are dependent on certain distribution partners for distribution of our products and services. A loss of distribution partners could adversely affect our business. 
 We face competition that may result in a loss of our market share and/or a decline in profitability. 
 Risks Related to our Indebtedness 
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Upon the occurrence of an event of default relating to the Company's credit facility, the lenders could elect to accelerate payments due and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. 
 The debt outstanding under the Company's existing credit facility has a variable rate of interest that is currently based on LIBOR and will be converting to the Secured Overnight Financing Rate SOFR prior to the sunset deadline of June 30, 2023. These rates may have consequences that cannot be reasonably predicted and may increase the Company's cost of borrowing in the future. 
 Risks Related to the ownership of our Securities 
 Our only significant asset is our ownership of CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. ("Holdings"). If the business of Holdings is not profitably operated, we may be unable to pay us dividends or make distributions to enable us to pay any dividends on our common stock or satisfy our other financial obligations. 
 Provisions in our charter and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our common stock and could entrench management. 
 As an emerging growth company, we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 If our performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our securities may decline. 
 The Warrants may never be in the money, and they may expire worthless.Investing in our securities involves risks. Before you make a decision to buy our securities, in addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed above under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, you should carefully consider the specific risks set forth herein. If any of these risks actually occur, it may materially harm our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of 
 21 

operations. As a result, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additionally, the risks and uncertainties described in this report, or in any document incorporated by reference herein, are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may become material and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Investing in our securities involves risks. Before you make a decision to buy our securities, in addition to the risks and uncertainties discussed above under Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements, you should carefully consider the specific risks set forth herein. If any of these risks actually occur, it may materially harm our business, financial condition, liquidity and results of operations. As a result, the market price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. Additionally, the risks and uncertainties described in this report, or in any document incorporated by reference herein, are not the only risks and uncertainties that we face. Additional risks and uncertainties not presently known to us or that we currently believe to be immaterial may become material and adversely affect our business. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Business 
 
 The COVID-19 pandemic and the measures implemented to contain the spread of the virus have had a negative impact on our business and result of operations and, if continued, could be amplified and have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Global health concerns relating to the COVID-19 pandemic and related government actions taken to reduce the spread of the virus have affected the macroeconomic environment, significantly increased economic uncertainty and reduced economic activity. The pandemic has also led to governmental authorities implementing numerous measures to try to contain the virus, including travel bans and restrictions, quarantines, shelter-in-place orders, and business limitations and shutdowns. These measures and the COVID-19 pandemic have caused economic and financial disruptions that have negatively impacted, and may continue to negatively impact, our business, results of operations and financial condition. The extent to which the pandemic will continue to negatively impact our business and results of operations will depend on numerous evolving factors and future developments that we are not able to predict, including the duration and severity of the pandemic; the nature, extent and effectiveness of containment measures; the extent and duration of the effect on our customers and suppliers, the economy, unemployment, consumer confidence and consumer and business spending; and how quickly and to what extent normal economic and operating conditions resume. 
 
 The pandemic and containment measures have caused us to modify its operations, and we may take further actions that we determine to be in the best interests of its employees, customers and business partners. If we do not respond appropriately to the pandemic, or if customers or other stakeholders do not perceive our response to be adequate, we could suffer damage to our reputation and brand, which could materially adversely affect our business. 
 
 If the COVID-19 pandemic is prolonged, it could amplify the negative impacts on our business and results of operations, and may also heighten many of the other risks described in this Risk Factors section. It is also possible that any adverse effects of the pandemic and containment measures may continue once the pandemic is controlled and the containment measures are lifted. We do not yet know, nor can we predict, the full extent of how COVID-19 and the containment measures will affect our business, results of operations and financial condition, or the global economy as a whole. However, the continuing effects could have a material adverse impact on our financial condition. 
 
 We may not be able to sustain our revenue growth rate in the future. 
 
 Our net sales increased by 41 from 267.9 million in 2021 to 378.5 million in 2022, but, as an example, declined by 9 from 93.8 million during the fourth quarter of 2022 compared to 103.3 million during the third quarter of 2022. Accordingly, we may not achieve sales growth in the future and you should not consider our sales growth in fiscal 2022 as indicative of future performance. Our growth rate may slow in future periods due to a number of factors, which may include slowing demand for our products, increased competition, decreasing growth 
 22 

of its overall market, or inability to engage and retain customers. If we are unable to maintain consistent sales or continue our sales growth, it may be difficult for us to maintain profitability. 
 
 Failure to retain existing customers or identify and attract new customers could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our two largest customers are American Express and JPMorgan Chase. Together, these customers represented approximately 67 and 72 of our net sales for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. Our ability to meet our customers high-quality standards in a timely manner is critical to our business success. If we are unable to provide our products and services at high quality and in a timely manner, our customer relationships may be adversely affected, which could result in the loss of customers. 
 
 Our ability to maintain relationships with our customers or attract new customers may be impacted by several factors beyond our control, including more attractive product offerings from our competitors, widespread industry disruptions such as recent disruptions in the digital assets industry, pricing pressures or the financial health of these customers, many of whom operate in competitive businesses and depend on favorable macroeconomic conditions. In addition, we may also be limited in the products we can offer and the pricing we can receive for such products due to restrictions present in certain of our customer contracts, which may negatively impact our ability to retain existing customers or attract new customers. If we experience difficulty retaining customers and attracting new customers, our business, financial condition and results of operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 Data and security breaches could compromise our systems and confidential information, cause reputational and financial damage, and increase risks of litigation, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our information technology IT infrastructure s ability to reliably and securely protect the sensitive confidential information of our customers, which include large financial institutions, is critical to our business. Security breaches have become more common across many industries. Cyber incidents have been increasing in sophistication and can include third parties gaining access to employee or customer data using stolen or inferred credentials, computer malware, viruses, spamming, phishing attacks, ransomware, card skimming code, and other deliberate attacks and attempts to gain unauthorized access. The occurrence of these types of incidents in our computer networks, databases or facilities could lead to the inappropriate use or disclosure of personal information, including sensitive personal information of customers and employees, which could harm our business and reputation, adversely affect consumers confidence in our business and products, result in inquiries and fines or penalties from regulatory or governmental authorities, cause a loss of customers, pose increased risks of lawsuits and subject us to potential financial losses. 
 
 Additionally, it is possible that unauthorized access to sensitive customer and business data may be obtained through inadequate use of security controls by our customers, suppliers or other vendors. 
 
 We have administrative, technical, and physical security measures in place, and we have policies and procedures in place to both evaluate the security protocols and practices of our vendors and to contractually require service providers to whom we disclose data to implement and maintain reasonable privacy and security measures. However, although cybersecurity remains a high priority, our activities and investment may not sufficiently protect our system or network against cyber threats, nor sufficiently prevent or limit the damage from any future security breaches. As these threats continue to evolve, we may be required to expend significant capital and other resources to protect against these security breaches or to alleviate problems caused by these breaches, including costs to deploy additional personnel and protection technologies, train employees, and engage third-party experts and consultants, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. Although we maintain cyber liability insurance, we cannot be certain that our coverage will be adequate for liabilities actually incurred or that insurance will continue to be available to us on economically reasonable terms, or at all. Furthermore, any material breach of our security systems could harm our competitive position, result in a loss of customer trust and confidence, and cause us to incur significant costs to mitigate or remedy any damage resulting 
 23 

from system or network disruptions, whether caused by cyberattacks, security breaches or otherwise, which could ultimately adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 System outages, data loss or other interruptions affecting our operations could adversely affect our business and reputation. 
 
 The ability to efficiently execute and operate business functions and systems without interruption is critical to our business. A significant portion of the communication between our employees, customers, and suppliers rely upon our integrated and complex IT systems. We depend on the reliability of our IT infrastructure and software, and our ability to expand and innovate our technologies and technological processes in response to changing needs. A system outage or data loss or interruption could cause damage to our brand and reputation. Such operational interruptions could also cause us to become liable to third parties, including our customers. We must be able to protect our processing and other systems from interruption to successfully operate our business. In an effort to do so, we have taken preventative actions and adopted protective procedures to ensure the continuation of core business operations in the event that normal operations could not be performed because of events outside of our control. These actions and procedures taken and adopted by us may, however, insufficiently prevent or limit the damage from future disruptions, if any, and any such disruptions could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Disruptions at our primary production facility may adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. 
 
 A substantial portion of our manufacturing capacity is located at our primary production facility. Any serious disruption at such facility could impair our ability to manufacture enough products to meet customer demand, and could increase our costs and expenses and adversely affect our revenues. Our other facilities may not have the requisite equipment or sufficient capacity, may have higher costs and expenses, or may experience significant delays to adequately increase production to satisfactorily meet our customers expectations or requirements. Long-term production disruptions may cause our customers to modify their payment card programs to use plastic cards or to seek alternative supply of metal cards. Any such production interruptions or disruptions could adversely impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 For example, government-imposed measures in response to the COVID-19 pandemic led us to temporarily limit operations at some of our facilities. As a result, our credit card production rate was negatively affected. The continuation of the COVID-19 pandemic and the containment measures instituted as a result thereof could amplify the negative impact on our credit card production and, as a result, have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our future growth may depend upon our ability to develop, introduce and commercialize new products, which can be a lengthy and complex process. If we are unable to introduce new products and services in a timely manner, our business could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The markets for our products and services are subject to technological changes, frequent introductions of new products and services and evolving industry standards. The process for developing innovative or technologically enhanced products can deplete time, money and resources, and requires the ability to accurately forecast technological, market and industry trends. In order to achieve successful technical execution of new products, we may need to undertake time-consuming and expensive research and development activities, which could negatively impact the servicing of our existing customers. We may also experience difficult market conditions, such as the recent widespread disruptions in the digital asset industry, that could delay or prevent the successful research and development, marketing launches and consumer deployment of such newly designed products, whereby we could incur significant additional cost and expense. In addition, competitors may develop and commercialize competing products faster and more efficiently than we are able to do so, which could further negatively impact our business. 
 
 24 

Our product and service offerings could be rendered obsolete if we are unable to develop and introduce innovative products in a cost-effective and timely manner. In particular, the rise in the adoption of wireless or mobile payment systems may make physical metal cards less attractive as a method of payment, which could result in less demand for these products. Although to date we have not witnessed a material reduction in card-based payments in the United States resulting from the emergence of wireless or mobile payment systems, such payment systems offer consumers an alternative method to make purchases without the need to carry a physical card by relaying on cellular telephones or other technological products to make payments. If these wireless or mobile payment systems are widely adopted, it could result in a reduction of the number of physical payment cards issued to consumers. Moreover, other developing or unforeseen technology solutions and products could render our existing products unpopular, irrelevant or obsolete altogether. 
 
 Our ability to develop and deliver new products and services successfully will depend on various factors, including our ability to: effectively identify and capitalize upon opportunities in new and emerging product markets; invest resources in innovation and research and development; complete and introduce new products and integrated services solutions in a timely manner; license any required third-party technology or intellectual property rights; qualify for and obtain required industry certification for our products; and retain and hire talent experienced in developing new products and services. Our business and growth also depend in part on the success of our strategic relationships with third parties, including technology partners or other technology companies whose products are integrated with our products. Failure of any of these technology companies to maintain, support or secure their technology platforms in general, and our integrations in particular, or errors or defects in their technologies or products, could adversely affect our relationships with customers, damage our brand and reputation, and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our ability to enhance our existing products and to develop and introduce innovative new products that continue to meet the needs of our customers may affect our future success. We may experience difficulties that could delay or prevent the successful development, marketing or deployment of these products, or our newly enhanced services may not meet market demands or achieve market traction. Our potential failure to complete or gain market acceptance of new products, services and technologies could adversely affect our ability to retain existing customers or attract new ones. 
 
 A disruption in our operations or supply chain or the performance of our suppliers, liquidity partners and/or development partners could adversely affect our business and financial results. 
 
 As a company engaged in manufacturing and distribution, we are subject to the risks inherent in such activities, including disruptions or delays in supply chain or information technology, product quality control, as well as other external factors over which we have no control. Some of the key components used in the manufacture of our products are metals, NFC-enabled and EMV chips, which we source from several key suppliers. We obtain our components from multiple suppliers located in the United States and abroad, on a purchase order basis. Changes in the financial or business condition of our suppliers and/or development partners could subject us to losses or adversely affect our ability to bring products to market. Additionally, the failure of our suppliers and/or development partners to comply with applicable standards, perform as expected, and deliver goods and services in a timely manner in sufficient quantities could adversely affect our customer service levels and overall business. Any increases in the costs of goods and services for our business may also adversely affect our profit margins particularly if we are unable to achieve higher price increases or otherwise increase cost or operational efficiencies to offset the higher costs. 
 
 Additionally, we partner with third-party partners to offer Arculus Cold Storage Wallet users the option to use fiat currency to purchase digital assets, and/or to swap one digital asset type for another type. If these third parties experience operational interference or disruptions, fail to perform their obligations and meet our expectations, experience a cybersecurity incident, fail to comply with applicable regulatory and/or licensing requirements which may evolve over time, or are subject to regulatory enforcement proceedings concerning their operations, the operations of the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet could be disrupted or otherwise adversely affected. 
 
 25 

The COVID-19 pandemic and related government measures in response to the pandemic negatively affected our suppliers, which in turn negatively affected our production and business. In addition, there is an increased demand for microchips worldwide in various industries and manufacturers of chips are experiencing shortages in supply, which could adversely effect our ability to obtain sufficient chips for our manufacturing operations. 
 
 We have limited experience in the digital assets industry and we may not succeed in commercializing the Arculus Platform. 
 
 With our business operations historically focused on the payment card industry, we are a new entrant into the digital assets industry. The Arculus Platform was commercially launched in the third quarter of 2021. It is possible that consumers of digital asset products and solutions may not be willing to purchase or use Arculus products, and we may not be able to establish partnerships with our existing and/or new customers to drive partner-branded versions of the Arculus Business Solutions. If we are unable to successfully establish sufficient consumer sales, commercial partnerships and/or business-to- business sales channels, that would likely have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. If the products and solutions derived from the Arculus Platform fail to gain market acceptance, or otherwise fail to be as successful as we expect, our ability to achieve currently-forecasted performance could be significantly impaired. 
 
 Digital asset storage systems, such as the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet, are subject to potential illegal misuse, risks related to a loss of funds due to theft of digital assets, security and cybersecurity risks, system failures and other operational issues, which could cause damage to our reputation and brand. 
 
 Digital assets have the potential to be used for financial crimes or other illegal activities. Even if we comply with all laws and regulations, we have no ability to ensure that our customers, partners or others to whom we license or sell our products and services comply with all laws and regulations applicable to them and their transactions. Any negative publicity we receive regarding any allegations of unlawful uses of the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet could damage our reputation and such damage could be material and adverse, including to aspects of our business that are unrelated to the Arculus Platform. More generally, any negative publicity regarding unlawful uses of digital assets in the marketplace could materially reduce the demand for our products and solutions derived from the Arculus Platform. 
 
 The initial Arculus Cold Storage Wallet uses an architecture where the private keys needed to access digital assets are stored outside of the Internet. Through the use of the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet, our three-factor authentication technology may be able to increase the safety of users assets during storage, as compared to storing such digital assets in a hot storage wallet, which is constantly connected to the internet. Further, digital assets are controllable only by the possessor of both the unique public and private keys relating to the local or online digital wallet in which they are held, which wallet s public key or address is reflected in the public network. There is no guarantee that these security measures or any that we may develop in the future will be effective. Notwithstanding the increased security of the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet as compared to a hot storage wallet system, any loss of private keys, or hack or other compromise or failure of, the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet and its security features could materially and adversely affect our customers ability to access or sell their digital assets and could cause significant reputational harm to our Arculus Cold Storage Wallet business, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Regulatory changes or actions may restrict the use of the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet or digital assets in a manner that adversely affects our business, prospects or operations. 
 
 Regulatory uncertainty surrounding the digital asset Environment, and the regulatory classification of such digital assets 
 
 As digital assets have grown in both popularity and market size, governments around the world have reacted differently to digital assets, with certain governments deeming them illegal and others allowing their use and trade under certain circumstances. Currently, there is no uniformly applicable legal or regulatory regime governing digital assets in most jurisdictions, including the U.S. Governments or regulatory authorities may impose new or 
 26 

additional licensing, registration or other compliance requirements on participants in the digital asset industry. Ongoing and future regulatory actions may impact our ability of to develop and offer products involving the use of digital assets, including the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet, or may impose additional costs, which may be material, on us in connection with such products, and such impact may be material and adverse. For example, the Commodities Futures Trading Commission CFTC has designated bitcoin, a form of digital asset that frequently is referred to as a , as a commodity, and as such, trades in bitcoin are subject to the CFTC s antifraud authority. 
 
 Moreover, the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC staff has stated that bitcoin is not a security, but has asserted that certain other digital assets, such as XRP, are securities subject to the SEC s substantive and antifraud authority. Further, derivatives on these digital assets, tokens that represent certain derivatives, and certain leveraged transactions on digital assets, may be subject to substantive regulation by the CFTC and/or SEC. In sum, these federal regulators, and various U.S. state and non-U.S. regulators, are still developing their frameworks for regulating digital assets. If we are found to have supported purchase and swap transactions in the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet for digital assets which are subsequently determined to be securities, it is possible that we could be viewed as inadvertently acting as an unlicensed broker-dealer which could subject us to, among other things, regulatory enforcement actions, censure, monetary fines, restrictions on the conduct of the Arculus business operations and/or rescission/damages claims by customers who use the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or the costs associated with defending any action alleging our noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations, could materially and adversely affect us, our business and our results of operations. 
 
 Further, a particular digital asset s status as a security or other regulatory investment or the treatment of digital currency for tax purposes, in any relevant jurisdiction is subject to a high degree of uncertainty and potential inconsistency across regulatory regimes, and if we are unable to properly characterize a digital asset or assess our tax treatment, we may be subject to regulatory scrutiny, investigations, fines, and other penalties, which may adversely affect our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 In order to determine whether a particular digital asset is a security prior to supporting purchase and swap transactions on the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet in such digital asset, we rely upon legal and regulatory analysis of legal counsel with expertise in the digital asset industry. While the methodology we have used, and expect to continue to use, to determine if purchase and swap transactions in a digital asset will be supported in the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet is ultimately a risk-based assessment, it does not preclude legal or regulatory action based on the presence of a security. 
 
 Because the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet may facilitate purchase and swap transactions in digital assets that could be classified as securities, our business may be subject to additional risk because such digital assets are subject to heightened scrutiny including under customer protection, anti-money laundering, counter terrorism financing and sanctions regulations. To the extent the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet supports purchase and swap transactions in any digital assets that are deemed to be securities under any of the laws of the U.S. or another jurisdiction, or in a proceeding in a court of law or otherwise, it may have adverse consequences. To counter such risks, we may have to remove Arculus Cold Storage Wallet support for purchase and swap transactions in certain digital assets if and when such digital assets are designated as securities, which could hurt our business. Alternatively, we may be required to partner with third-party registered securities broker/dealers to facilitate securities trading by Arculus customers, and we may be unsuccessful in efforts to establish such a partnership. 
 
 In addition, we do not presently intend to effect or otherwise facilitate trading in securities by our Arculus customers through the use of our Arculus Cold Storage Wallet if such activities would require the use of a registered broker-dealer or investment adviser. Although we are establishing policies and procedures to ensure that our Arculus business activities do not result in us inadvertently acting as an unregistered broker-dealer or investment adviser, there can no assurance that such policies and procedures will be effective. If we are found by relevant regulatory agencies to have inadvertently acted as an unregistered broker-dealer with respect to purchase and swap transactions in particular digital assets, we would expect to immediately cease supporting purchase and swap transactions in those digital assets unless and until either the digital asset at issue is determined by the SEC or a judicial ruling to not be a security or we partner with a third-party registered broker-dealer or investment adviser, acquire a registered 
 27 

broker-dealer or investment adviser or register the Company as a securities broker-dealer or investment adviser, any of which we may elect not to do or may not be successful in doing. For any period of time during which we are found to have inadvertently acted as an unregistered broker-dealer or investment adviser, we could be subject to, among other things, regulatory enforcement actions, monetary fines, censure, restrictions on the conduct of our Arculus business operations and/or rescission/damages claims by customers who use the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet. Our failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, or the costs associated with defending any action alleging our noncompliance with applicable laws or regulations, could materially and adversely affect us,our business and our results of operations. 
 
 We do not believe the storage and peer-to-peer/send receive functionality provided by the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet involves purchases, sales or other transactions effected by us (or any party other than the sender and the recipient). Further, we are not compensated for such user-directed activities. However, it is possible that regulators may determine that user-directed peer-to-peer transfers using the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet would require registration and compliance with broker-dealer and/or securities exchange regulations. 
 
 Regulatory Risks of Operating as an Unregistered Exchange or as Part of an Unregistered Exchange Mechanism 
 
 Any venue that brings together purchasers and sellers of digital assets that are characterized as securities in the United States is generally subject to registration as a national securities exchange, or must qualify for an exemption, such as by being operated by a registered broker-dealer as an alternative trading system (or ATS). To the extent that any venue accessed via the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet is not so registered (or appropriately exempt), we may be unable to permit continued support for purchase and swap transactions for digital assets that become subject to characterization as securities and due to operation of an unregistered exchange or as part of an unregistered exchange mechanism, we could be subject to significant monetary penalties, censure or other actions that may have a material and adverse effect on us. While we do not believe that the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet, which facilitates purchase and swap transactions in certain digital assets, is itself a securities exchange or ATS or is part of an unregistered exchange mechanism, regulators may determine that this is the case, and we would then be required to register as a securities exchange or qualify and register as an ATS, either of which could cause us to discontinue our purchase and swap support for such digital assets or otherwise limit or modify Arculus Cold Storage Wallet functionality or access. Notably, in September 2022, the SEC proposed a rule change concerning the definition of exchange. While it is not yet clear whether or in what form such proposed rule change may be adopted, it is possible that a change to the definition of exchange could result in regulators determining that the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet is functioning as a securities exchange or ATS or is part of an unregistered exchange mechanism, in which case, the potential registration requirements, or cessation, limitation or other modifications contemplated above could become necessary or advisable. Any such discontinuation, limitation or other modification could negatively impact our business, operating results, and financial condition. 
 
 Our inability to safeguard against misappropriation or infringement of our intellectual property may adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our patents, trade secrets and other intellectual property rights are critical to our business. Our ability to safeguard our proprietary product designs and production processes against misappropriation by third parties is necessary to maintain our competitive position within our industry. Therefore, we routinely enter into confidentiality agreements with our employees, consultants and strategic partners to limit access to, and distribution of, our proprietary information in an effort to safeguard our proprietary rights and trade secrets. However, such efforts may not adequately protect our intellectual property against infringement and misappropriation by unauthorized third parties. Such third parties could interfere with our relationships with customers if successful in attempts to misappropriate our proprietary information or copy our products designs, or portions thereof. Additionally, because some of our customers purchase products on a purchase order basis and not pursuant to a detailed written contract, where we do not have the benefit of written protections with respect to certain intellectual property terms beyond standard terms and conditions, we may be exposed to potential infringement of our intellectual property rights. Enforcing our intellectual property rights against unauthorized use may be expensive and cause us to incur significant costs, all of which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. There is no assurance that our existing or future patents will not be challenged, invalidated or otherwise circumvented. The patents and intellectual property rights we obtain, including our intellectual property rights which 
 28 

are formally registered in the United States and abroad, may be insufficient to provide meaningful protection or commercial advantage. Moreover, we may have difficulty obtaining additional patents and other intellectual property protections in the future. Effective patent, trademark, service mark, copyright and trade secret protection may not be available in every country in which we provide our products or services. Any of the foregoing factors may have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 We may incur substantial costs because of litigation or other proceedings relating to patents and other intellectual property rights. 
 
 Companies in our industry have commenced litigation to properly protect their intellectual property rights. Any proceedings or litigation that we initiate to enforce our intellectual property rights, or any intellectual property litigation asserted against us, could be costly and divert the attention of managerial and other personnel and further, could result in an adverse judgement or other determination that could preclude us from enforcing our intellectual property rights or offering some of our products to our customers. Royalty or other payments arising in settlements could negatively impact our profit margins and financial results. If we are unable to successfully defend against claims that we have infringed the intellectual property rights of others, we may need to indemnify some customers and strategic partners related to allegations that our products infringe the intellectual property rights of others. Additionally, some of our customers, suppliers and licensors may not be obligated to indemnify us for the full costs and expenses of defending against infringement claims. We may also be required to defend against alleged infringement of the intellectual property rights of third parties because our products contain technologies properly sourced from suppliers or customers. We may be unable to determine in a timely manner or at all whether such intellectual property use infringes the rights of third parties. Any such litigation or other proceedings could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Production quality and manufacturing process disruptions could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Our products and our technological processes are highly complex, require specialized equipment to manufacture and are subject to strict tolerances and requirements. We could experience production disruptions due to machinery or technology failures, or as a result of external factors such as delays or quality control issues regarding materials provided by our suppliers. Utilities interruption or other factors beyond our control like natural disasters may also cause production disruptions. Such disruptions can reduce product yields and product quality, or interrupt or halt production altogether. As a result, we may be required to deliver products at a lower quality level in a less timely or cost-effective manner, rework or replace products, or may not be able to deliver products at all. Any such event could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We are dependent on certain distribution partners for distribution of our products and services. A loss of distribution partners could adversely affect our business. 
 A small number of distribution partners currently deliver a significant percentage of our products and services to customers. We intend to continue devoting resources in support of our distribution partners, but there are no guarantees that these relationships will remain in place over the short-or long-term. In addition, we cannot be assured that any of these distribution partners will continue to generate current levels of customer demand. A loss of any of these distribution partners could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We face competition that may result in a loss of our market share and/or a decline in profitability. 
 
 Our industry is highly competitive and we expect it to remain highly competitive as competitors cut production costs, new product markets develop, and other competitors attempt to enter the markets in which we operate or new markets in which we may enter. Some of our existing competitors have more sales, greater marketing, more specialized manufacturing, and highly efficient distribution processes. We may also face competition from new competitors that may enter our industry or specific product market. Such current or new competitors may develop technologies, processes or products that are better suited to succeed in the marketplace as a result of enhanced features and functionality at lower costs, particularly as technological sophistication of such competitors and the size of the market increase. These factors could lower our average selling prices and reduce 
 29 

gross margins. If we cannot sufficiently reduce our production costs or develop innovative technologies or products, we may not be able to compete effective in our product markets and maintain market share, which could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our long-lived assets represent a significant portion of our total assets, and their full value may never be realized. 
 
 Our long-lived assets recorded as of December 31, 2022 were 31.6 million, representing approximately 18 of our total assets, of which we have recorded plant, equipment and leasehold improvements of 22.7 million, as our operations require significant investments in machinery and equipment. 
 
 We review other long-lived assets for impairment on an as-needed basis and when circumstances, alterations, or other events indicate that an asset group or carrying amount of an asset may not be recoverable. Examples of these other long-lived assets include intangible but identifiable assets and plant, equipment, and leasehold improvements. Such write-downs of long-lived assets may result from a drop in future expected cash flows and worsening performance, among other factors. If we must write-down long-lived assets, we record the appropriate charge, which may adversely affect our results of operations. 
 
 Our failure to operate our business in compliance with the security standards of the payment card industry or other industry standards applicable to our customers, such as payment networks certification standards, could adversely affect our business. 
 
 Many of our customers issue their cards on the payment networks that are subject to the security standards of the payment card industry or other standards and criteria relating to product specifications and supplier facility physical and logical security that we must satisfy in order to be eligible to supply products and services to such customers. Our contractual arrangements with our customers may be terminated if we fail to comply with these standards and criteria. 
 
 We make significant investments to our facilities in order to meet these industry standards, including investments required to satisfy changes adopted from time to time in industry standards. We may become ineligible to provide products and services to our customers if we are unable to continue to meet these standards. Many of the products we produce and services we provide are subject to certification with one or more of the payment networks. We may lose the ability to produce cards for or provide services to banks issuing credit or debit cards on the payment networks if we were to lose our certification from one or more of the payment networks or payment card industry certification for one or more of our facilities. If we are not able to produce cards for or provide services to any or all of the issuers issuing debit or credit cards on such payment networks, we could lose a substantial number of our customers, which could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 As consumers and businesses spend less, our business, operation outcomes, and financial state may be adversely affected. 
 
 Companies that rely heavily on consumer and business spending are exposed to changing economic conditions and are impacted by changes in consumer confidence, consumer spending, discretionary income levels or consumer purchasing habits. A continuous decline in general economic conditions, particularly in the United States, or increases in interest rates, may reduce demand for our products, which could negatively impact our sales. An economic downturn could cause credit card issuers to switch card programs to plastic cards, seek lower-priced metal hybrid card suppliers, reduce credit limits, close accounts, and become more selective with respect to whom they issue credit cards. Such conditions and potential outcomes could adversely affect our financial performance, business, and results of operations. 
 
 Product liability and warranty claims and their associated costs may adversely affect our business. 
 
 The nature of our products is highly complex. As a result, we cannot guarantee that defects will not occur from time to time. We may incur extensive costs as a result of these defects and any resulting claims. For example, 
 30 

product recalls, writing down defective inventory, replacing defective items, lost sales or profits, and third-party claims can all give rise to costs incurred by us. We may also face liability for judgments and/or damages in connection with product liability and warranty claims. Damage to our reputation could occur if defective products are sold into the marketplace, which could result in further lost sales and profits. To the extent that we rely on purchase orders to govern our commercial relationships with our customers, we may not have specifically negotiated the allocation of risk for product liability obligations. Instead, we typically rely on warranties and limitations of liability included in our standard forms of order acceptance, invoice and other contract documents with our customers. Similarly, we obtain products and services from suppliers, some of which also use purchase order documents which may include limitations on product liability obligations with respect to their products and services. As a result, we may bear all or a significant portion of any product liability obligations rather than transferring this risk to our customers. Our reputation would be harmed and there could be a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations if any of these risks materialize. 
 
 If tariffs and other restrictions on imported goods are imposed by the U.S. government, our revenue and operations may be materially and adversely affected. 
 
 A portion of the raw materials used by us to manufacture our products are obtained, directly or indirectly, from companies located outside of the United States. Recently, tariffs have been imposed on imports from certain countries outside of the United States. As a result, further trade restrictions and/or tariffs may be forthcoming. Certain international trade agreements may also be at risk, as the current U.S. administration has voiced some opposition in respect thereof. These factors may stagnate the economy, impact relationships with and access to suppliers, and/or materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. These and future tariffs, as well as any other global trade developments, bring with them uncertainty. We cannot predict future changes to imports covered by tariffs or which countries will be included or excluded from such tariffs. The reactions of other countries and resulting actions on the United States and similarly situated companies could negatively impact our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our international sales subject us to additional risks that can adversely affect our business, operating results and financial condition. 
 
 During each of 2022 and 2021, we derived 22 and 18 of our revenue from sales to customers located outside the U.S. Our ability to convince customers to expand their use of our products or renew their agreements with us are directly correlated to our direct engagement with such customers. To the extent that we are unable to engage with non-U.S. customers effectively, we may be unable to grow sales to international customers to the same degree we have experienced in the past. 
 
 Our international operations subject it to a variety of risks and challenges, including: 
 
 fluctuations in currency exchange rates and related effect on our operating results; 
 general economic and geopolitical conditions in each country or region; 
 the impact of Brexit; reduction in billings, foreign currency exchange rates, and trade with the EU; 
 the effects of a widespread outbreak of an illness or disease, or any other public health crisis, 
 including the COVID-19 pandemic, in each country or region; 
 economic uncertainty around the world; and 
 compliance with U.S. laws and regulations imposed by other countries on foreign operations, 
 including the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, the U.K. Bribery Act, import and export control laws, 
 tariffs, trade barriers, economic sanctions and other regulatory or contractual limitations on our 
 ability to sell our products in certain foreign markets, and the risks and costs of non-compliance. 
 
 For example, in response to the rapidly developing conflict between Russia and Ukraine, the United States has imposed and may further impose, and other countries may additionally impose, broad sanctions or other restrictive actions against governmental and other entities in Russia. We presently produce metal credit cards for a distributor that distributes such cards for resale by a Russian-based bank. While the existing sanctions do not currently prohibit the production and sale of our metal credit cards to this customer, additional sanctions may be 
 31 

imposed in the future that could prevent us from selling to this customer or other customers in the affected regions. Additionally, further escalation of geopolitical tensions could have a broader impact that extends into other markets where we do business. Any of these risks could adversely affect our international sales, reduce our international revenues or increase our operating costs, adversely affecting our business, financial condition and operating results. 
 
 We rely on licensing arrangements in production and other fields, and actions taken by any of our licensing partners could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Many of our products integrate third-party technologies that we license or otherwise obtain the right to use. We have entered into licensing agreements that provide access to technology owned by third parties. The terms of our licensing arrangements vary. These different terms could have a negative impact on our performance to the extent new or existing licensees demand a greater proportion of royalty revenues under our licensing arrangements. Additionally, such third parties may not continue to renew their licenses with us on similar terms or at all, which could negatively impact our net sales. If we are unable to continue to successfully renew these agreements, we may lose our access to certain technologies relied upon to develop certain of our products. The loss of access to those technologies, if not replaced with internally-developed or other licensed technology, could have a material adverse effect on our business and result of operations. 
 
 The adoption of new tax legislation could affect our financial performance. 
 
 We are subject to income and other taxes in the United States. Our effective tax rate in the future could be adversely affected by changes in tax laws. More generally, it is possible that U.S. federal income or other tax laws or the interpretation of tax laws will change. For example, the Biden Administration has proposed an increase in the U.S. corporate income tax rate and a minimum corporate tax based on book income. It is difficult to predict whether and when there will be tax law changes having a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and cash flows. 
 
 Risks Related to the Tax Receivable Agreement 
 
 Our only significant asset is our ownership interest in Holdings and such ownership may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our Common Stock or satisfy our other financial obligations, including our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 We have no direct operations and no significant assets other than our ownership interest in Holdings. We will depend on Holdings for distributions, loans and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet our financial obligations, including our expenses as a publicly traded company, to pay any dividends with respect to our Common Stock, and to satisfy our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. The financial condition and operating requirements of Holdings may limit our ability to obtain cash from Holdings. The earnings from, or other available assets of, Holdings may not be sufficient to pay dividends or make distributions or loans to enable us to pay any dividends on our Common Stock or satisfy our other financial obligations, including our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 We may be required to pay certain Holders for most of the benefits relating to any additional tax depreciation or amortization deductions that we may claim. 
 
 In connection with the merger with Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp. ("Roman") completed in December 2021 (the "Business Combination"), we entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement with Holdings and the TRA Parties (as defined therein). The Tax Receivable Agreement will provide for the payment by us to certain Holders of 90 of the benefits, if any, that we are deemed to realize (calculated using certain assumptions) as a result of (i) our allocable share of existing tax basis in the assets of Holdings and its subsidiaries acquired (A) in the Business Combination and (B) upon sales or exchanges of Holdings Units pursuant to the Exchange Agreement after the Business Combination, (ii) certain increases in tax basis that occur as a result of (A) the Business Combination and (B) sales or exchanges of Holdings Units pursuant to the Exchange Agreement after the Business Combination, and (iii) certain other tax benefits, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable 
 32 

Agreement. These tax attributes may increase (for tax purposes) our depreciation and amortization deductions and, therefore, may reduce the amount of tax that we would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the IRS may challenge all or part of the validity of such tax attributes, and a court could sustain such a challenge. Such tax basis may also decrease gains (or increase losses) on future dispositions of certain capital assets to the extent tax basis is allocated to those capital assets. Actual tax benefits realized by us may differ from tax benefits calculated under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of the use of certain assumptions in the Tax Receivable Agreement, including the use of an assumed weighted- average state and local income tax rate to calculate tax benefits. The payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are an obligation of ours, but not of Holdings. We expect to benefit from the remaining 10 of realized cash tax benefits. While the amount of existing tax basis, the anticipated tax basis adjustments, and the actual amount and utilization of tax attributes, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including the timing of exchanges, the price of shares of our Class A Common Stock at the time of exchanges, and the amount and timing of our income, we expect that as a result of the size of the transfers and increases in the tax basis of the tangible and intangible assets of Holdings and our possible utilization of tax attributes, the payments that Holdings, Inc. may make under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be substantial. The payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned upon continued ownership of us by the exchanging holders of Class B Units. See Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions of the Company Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 In certain cases, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and/or significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 Our payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated in the event of certain changes of control and will be accelerated in the event it elects to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement early. The accelerated payments will relate to all relevant tax attributes that would subsequently be available to us. The accelerated payments required in such circumstances will be calculated by reference to the present value (at a discount rate equal to the lesser of (i) 6.5 per annum and (ii) one year LIBOR, or its successor rate, plus 100 basis points) of all future payments that holders of Holdings Class B Units or other recipients would have been entitled to receive under the Tax Receivable Agreement, and such accelerated payments and any other future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will utilize certain valuation assumptions, including that we will have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the deductions arising from the increased tax deductions and tax basis and other benefits related to entering into the Tax Receivable Agreement and sufficient taxable income to fully utilize any remaining net operating losses subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement on a straight line basis over the shorter of the statutory expiration period for such net operating losses and the five-year period after the early termination or change of control. In addition, recipients of payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will not reimburse us for any payments previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement if such tax basis and our utilization of certain tax attributes is successfully challenged by the IRS (although any such detriment would be taken into account in future payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement). Our ability to achieve benefits from any existing tax basis, tax basis adjustments or other tax attributes, and the payments to be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will depend upon a number of factors, including the timing and amount of our future income. As a result, even in the absence of a change of control or an election to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement could be in excess of 90 of our actual cash tax benefits. 
 
 Accordingly, it is possible that the actual cash tax benefits realized by us may be significantly less than the corresponding Tax Receivable Agreement payments or that payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be made years in advance of the actual realization, if any, of the anticipated future tax benefits. There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if the payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement exceed the actual cash tax benefits that we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement and/or payments to us by Holdings are not sufficient to permit us to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement after it has paid taxes and other expenses. We may need to incur additional indebtedness to finance payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement to the extent our cash resources are insufficient to meet our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise, and these obligations could have the effect of delaying, deferring, or preventing certain mergers, asset sales, other forms of business combinations, or other changes of control. 
 
 33 

The acceleration of payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the case of certain changes of control may impair our ability to consummate change of control transactions or negatively impact the value received by owners of our Class A Common Stock. 
 
 In the case of certain changes of control, payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement may be accelerated and may significantly exceed the actual benefits we realize in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement. We expect that the payments that we may make under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the event of a change of control will be substantial. As a result, our accelerated payment obligations and/or the assumptions adopted under the Tax Receivable Agreement in the case of a change of control may impair our ability to consummate change of control transactions or negatively impact the value received by owners of our Class A Common Stock in a change of control transaction. 
 
 In certain circumstances, Holdings will be required to make pro rata distributions to both the Class A and Class B unit holders with respect to the taxes of its holders, and the distributions that Holdings will be required to make may be substantial and in excess of our tax liabilities and obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement. To the extent we do not distribute such excess cash to the holders of our Class A Common Stock or contribute such excess cash to Holdings in exchange for the issuance of additional Class A Units and a corresponding stock dividend of Class A Common Stock to the holders of our Class A Common Stock, the holders of Class B Units of Holdings would benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances as a result of their ownership of Class A Common Stock following an exchange of their Class B Units. 
 
 Holdings is treated as a partnership for U.S. federal income tax purposes and, as such, is not subject to any entity-level U.S. federal income tax. Instead, taxable income is allocated to holders of Holdings equity interests, including us. Accordingly, we incur income taxes on our allocable share of any net taxable income of Holdings. Under the Holdings Second Amended and Restated LLC Agreement, Holdings is generally required from time to time to make pro rata distributions in cash to us and the holders of Class B Units of Holdings in amounts that are intended to be sufficient to cover the taxes on our and the other holders of Class B Units of Holdings respective allocable shares of the taxable income of Holdings, based on certain assumptions contained in the Holdings Second Amended and Restated LLC Agreement. As a result of (i) potential differences in the amount of net taxable income allocable to us and the holders of Class B Units of Holdings, (ii) the lower tax rate applicable to corporations as compared to individuals and (iii) the favorable tax benefits that we anticipate receiving from acquisitions of Class B Units in connection with taxable exchanges of Class B Units for shares of our Class A Common Stock, we expect that these tax distributions will be in amounts that exceed our tax liabilities and obligations to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Our Board will determine the appropriate uses for any excess cash so accumulated, which may include, among other uses, any potential dividends, the payment of obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement and the payment of other expenses. We have no obligation to distribute such cash (or other available cash other than any declared dividend) to our stockholders. No adjustments to the exchange ratio of Class B Units for shares of Class A Common Stock will be made as a result of either (i) any cash distribution by Holdings or (ii) any cash that we retain and do not distribute to our stockholders. To the extent that we do not distribute such excess cash as dividends on our Class A Common Stock or contribute such excess cash to Holdings in exchange for the issuance of additional Class A Units and a corresponding stock dividend of Class A Common Stock to the holders of our Class A Common Stock, and instead, for example, hold such cash balances or lend them to Holdings, the holders of Class B Units of Holdings would benefit from any value attributable to such cash balances as a result of their ownership of Class A Common Stock following an exchange of their Class B Units. 
 
 Risks Related to Our Indebtedness 
 
 We have a substantial amount of indebtedness, which may limit our operating flexibility and could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 We had approximately 363.1 million of indebtedness as of December 31, 2022, consisting of amounts outstanding under our senior secured credit facility and senior notes. 
 
 Our indebtedness could have important consequences to our investors, including, but not limited to: 
 34 

increasing our vulnerability to, and reducing our flexibility to respond to, general adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 
 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to servicing debt, including interest payments and annual excess cash flow prepayment obligations; 
 
 limiting our flexibility in planning for, or reacting to, changes in our business and the competitive environment; and 
 
 limiting our ability to borrow additional funds and increasing the cost of any such borrowing. 
 
 The interest rates in our credit facility are set based upon stated margins above lender s base rate and the SOFR, an interest rate at which banks can borrow funds, which is subject to fluctuation. In addition, the interest rate margin applicable to our term loans and revolving loans can vary by one hundred (100) basis points depending on our total leverage ratio. An increase in interest rates would adversely affect our profitability. 
 
 Upon the occurrence of an event of default relating to our credit facility, the lenders could elect to accelerate payments due and terminate all commitments to extend further credit. 
 
 Under our credit facility, upon the occurrence of an event of default, the lenders will be able to elect to declare all amounts outstanding under the credit agreement to be immediately due and payable and terminate all commitments to lend additional funds. If we are unable to repay those amounts, the lenders under the credit agreement could proceed to foreclose against our collateral that secures that indebtedness. We have granted the lenders a security interest in substantially all of our assets. 
 
 The debt outstanding under our existing credit facility has a variable rate of interest that is based on the SOFR which may have consequences for us that cannot be reasonably predicted and may increase our cost of borrowing in the future. 
 
 In March 2021, the U.K. s Financial Conduct Authority, a regulator of financial services firms and financial markets in the U.K., stated that it will plan for a phase out of regulatory oversight of London Interbank Offered Rate LIBOR interest as of December 31, 2021. In the U.S., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee, a committee convened by the Federal Reserve Board and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, recommended SOFR plus a recommended spread adjustment as LIBOR's replacement. LIBOR and SOFR have significant differences. For example, LIBOR is an unsecured lending rate and SOFR is a secured lending rate, and SOFR is an overnight rate while LIBOR reflects term rates at different maturities. SOFR interest rates may introduce additional basis risk for market participants as an alternative index is utilized along with LIBOR. On February 28, 2023, we amended our credit facility to transition from bearing interest based on LIBOR to SOFR. The future performance of SOFR cannot be predicted based on historical performance and the future level of SOFR may have little or no relation to historical levels of SOFR. Any patterns in market variable behaviors, such as correlations, may change in the future. Hypothetical or historical performance data are not indicative of, and have no bearing on, the potential performance of SOFR. The Company is not able to predict whether SOFR what the impact the transition to SOFR may be on the Company's financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 Our credit facility will contain restrictive covenants that may impair our ability to conduct business. 
 
 Our credit facility contains operating covenants and financial covenants that may in each case limit management s discretion with respect to certain business matters. We must comply with a maximum senior secured leverage ratio and a minimum debt service coverage ratio. Among other things, these covenants restrict our and our subsidiaries ability to grant additional liens, consolidate or merge with other entities, purchase or sell assets, declare dividends, incur additional debt, make advances, investments and loans, transact with affiliates, issue equity interests, modify organizational documents and engage in other business. As a result of these covenants and restrictions, we will be limited in how we conduct our business and we may be unable to raise additional debt or other financing to compete effectively or to take advantage of new business opportunities. The terms of any future 
 35 

indebtedness we may incur could include more restrictive covenants. Failure to comply with such restrictive covenants may lead to default and acceleration under our credit facility and may impair our ability to conduct business. We may not be able to maintain compliance with these covenants in the future and, if we fail to do so, that we will be able to obtain waivers from the lenders and/or amend the covenants, which may result in foreclosure of our assets. 
 
 See Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company in this report for additional information. 
 
 Our guarantees of indebtedness and liabilities could limit the cash flow available for our operations, expose us to risks that could adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and impair our ability to satisfy our obligations. 
 
 In connection with the Business Combination, Holdings issued the PIPE Senior Notes that are exchangeable into shares of our Class A Common Stock at a conversion price of 11.50 per share. The PIPE Senior Notes are guaranteed by CompoSecure, L.L.C. Our guarantees of indebtedness could have significant negative consequences for our security holders, equity holders and our business, results of operations and financial condition by, among other things: 
 
 increasing our vulnerability to adverse economic and industry conditions; 
 
 limiting our ability to obtain additional financing; 
 
 requiring the dedication of a substantial portion of our cash flow from operations to service our guarantees of indebtedness, which reduces the amount of cash available for other purposes; 
 
 limiting our flexibility to plan for, or react to, changes in our business; 
 
 diluting the interests of our stockholders as a result of the issuance shares of our Class A Common Stock upon conversion of the PIPE Senior Notes; and 
 
 placing us at a possible competitive disadvantage with competitors that are less leveraged than us or have better access to capital. 
 
 Our business may not generate sufficient funds, and we may otherwise be unable to maintain sufficient cash reserves, to pay amounts that may become due under our guarantees of indebtedness, including in connection with the PIPE Senior Notes, and our cash needs may increase in the future. In addition, any future indebtedness or guarantees of indebtedness that we may incur may contain financial and other restrictive covenants that limit our ability to operate our business, raise capital or make payments under our other indebtedness. If we fail to comply with these covenants or to make payments under our guarantees of indebtedness if and when due, then we could be in default under those guarantees of indebtedness, which could, in turn, result in that and our other indebtedness becoming immediately payable in full. 
 
 General Risks Related to Ownership of our Securities 
 
 Our only significant asset will be our ownership of our subsidiaries business. If the business of our subsidiaries is not profitably operated, we may be unable to pay us dividends or make distributions to enable us to pay any dividends on our common stock or satisfy our other financial obligations. 
 
 CompoSecure, Inc. has no direct operations and no significant assets other than the ownership of its subsidiaries, which operate the Company s business. CompoSecure, Inc. will depend on profits generated by its subsidiaries business for debt repayment and other payments to generate the funds necessary to meet its financial obligations, including its expenses as a publicly traded company, to pay any dividends with respect to its capital stock and to make distributions. Legal and contractual restrictions in agreements governing the indebtedness of the 
 36 

Company or its subsidiaries, as well as their financial condition and operating requirements, may limit the ability of our subsidiaries to make distributions to the Company. 
 
 Provisions in our Charter and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A Common Stock and could entrench management. 
 
 Our Charter contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include the classification of our Board, the ability of our Board to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make more difficult the removal of management and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 
 
 In addition, while we have opted out of Section 203 of the DGCL, our charter contains similar provisions providing that we may not engage in certain business combinations with any interested stockholder for a three-year period following the time that the stockholder became an interested stockholder, unless: 
 
 prior to such time, our Board approved either the business combination or the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder; 
 
 upon consummation of the transaction that resulted in the stockholder becoming an interested stockholder, the interested stockholder owned at least 85 of our voting stock outstanding at the time the transaction commenced, excluding certain shares; or 
 
 at or subsequent to that time, the business combination is approved by our Board and by the affirmative vote of holders of at least two-thirds of our outstanding voting stock that is not owned by the interested stockholder. 
 
 These anti-takeover defenses could discourage, delay or prevent a transaction involving a change in control of the Company. These provisions could also discourage proxy contests and make it more difficult for you and other stockholders to elect directors of your choosing and cause us to take corporate actions other than those you desire. 
 
 We may be unable to satisfy the Nasdaq listing requirements in the future, which could limit investors ability to effect transactions in our securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 
 
 We may be unable to maintain the listing of our securities on Nasdaq in the future. If our securities are delisted from Nasdaq, there could be significant material adverse consequences, including: 
 
 a limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 
 
 a limited amount of news and analyst coverage about the Company; and 
 
 a decreased ability to obtain capital or pursue acquisitions by issuing additional equity or convertible securities. 
 
 We will incur significant costs and obligations as a result of being a public company. 
 
 As a new public company, we will incur significant legal, accounting, insurance and other expenses. These expenses will increase once we are no longer an emerging growth company as defined under the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012, or the JOBS Act. In addition, new and changing laws, regulations and standards relating to corporate governance and public disclosure for public companies, including Dodd Frank, the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, regulations related hereto and the rules and regulations of the SEC and Nasdaq, have increased the costs and the time that must be devoted to compliance matters. We expect these rules and regulations will increase our legal and financial costs and lead to a diversion of management time and attention from revenue-generating activities. 
 37 

For as long as we remain an emerging growth company as defined in the JOBS Act, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. We may remain an emerging growth company for up to five years from the consummation of our initial public offering or until such earlier time that we have 1.23 billion or more in annual revenues, have more than 700.0 million in market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates, or issue more than 1.0 billion of non-convertible debt over a three-year period. To the extent we choose not to use exemptions from various reporting requirements under the JOBS Act, or if we no longer can be classified as an emerging growth company, we expect that we will incur additional compliance costs, which will reduce our ability to operate profitably. 
 
 As an emerging growth company, we cannot be certain if the reduced disclosure requirements applicable to emerging growth companies will make our common stock less attractive to investors. 
 
 As an emerging growth company, we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies, including not being required to obtain an assessment of the effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting from our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. In addition, the JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can take advantage of an extended transition period for complying with new or revised accounting standards, which we have elected to do. 
 
 We cannot predict if investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result, there may be a less active market for our securities, our share price may be more volatile and the price at which our securities trade could be less than if we did not use these exemptions. 
 
 If we do not properly maintain and implement all required accounting practices and policies, including new accounting practices and policies, as applicable, we may be unable to provide the financial information required of a United States publicly traded company in a timely and reliable manner. 
 
 We are required to implement and maintain the financial reporting and disclosure procedures and controls required of a United States publicly traded company. If we fail to properly maintain and implement all required accounting practices and policies, including new accounting practices and policies, as applicable, or maintain effective internal controls and procedures and disclosure procedures and controls, we may be unable to provide financial information and required SEC reports that are timely and reliable. Any such delays or deficiencies could harm us, including by limiting our ability to obtain financing, either in the public capital markets or from private sources or by damaging our reputation, which in either case, could impede our ability to implement our growth strategy. In addition, any such delays or deficiencies could result in our failure to meet the requirements for continued listing of our securities on Nasdaq. 
 
 If our operating performance does not meet market expectations, the price of our securities may decline. 
 
 Fluctuations in the price of our securities could contribute to the loss of all or part of your investment. Prior to the Business Combination, there was no public market for Holdings equity. Accordingly, the valuation that was ascribed to Holdings equity in the Business Combination may not be indicative of the price that will prevail in the trading market following the Business Combination. If an active market for our securities develops and continues, the trading price of our securities following the Business Combination could be volatile and subject to wide fluctuations in response to various factors, some of which are beyond our control. Any of the factors listed below could have a material adverse effect on your investment in our securities and our securities may trade at prices significantly below the price you paid for them. 
 
 38 

Factors affecting the trading price of our securities may include: 
 
 actual or anticipated fluctuations in our quarterly financial results or the quarterly financial results of companies perceived to be similar to us; 
 
 changes in the market s expectations about our operating results; 
 
 success of competitors; 
 
 our operating results failing to meet market expectations in a particular period; 
 
 changes in financial estimates and recommendations by securities analysts concerning us or the financial payment card and digital asset industries and markets in general; 
 
 operating and stock price performance of other companies that investors deem comparable to us; 
 
 our ability to market new and enhanced products on a timely basis; 
 
 changes in laws and regulations affecting our business; 
 
 commencement of, or involvement in, litigation involving us; 
 
 changes in our capital structure, such as future issuances of securities or the incurrence of additional debt; 
 
 the volume of shares of our securities available for public sale; 
 
 any significant change in our board or management; 
 
 sales of substantial amounts of our securities by our directors, executive officers or significant stockholders or the perception that such sales could occur; and 
 
 general economic and political conditions such as recessions, interest rates, fuel prices, international currency fluctuations and acts of war or terrorism. 
 
 Broad market and industry factors may depress the market price of our securities irrespective of our operating performance. The stock market in general and Nasdaq have experienced price and volume fluctuations that have often been unrelated or disproportionate to the operating performance of the particular companies affected. The trading prices and valuations of these stocks, and of our securities, may not be predictable. A loss of investor confidence in the market for financial technology stocks or the stocks of other companies which investors perceive to be similar to us could depress our securities prices regardless of our business, prospects, financial conditions or results of operations. A decline in the market price of our securities also could adversely affect our ability to issue additional securities and our ability to obtain additional financing in the future. 
 
 Our Public Warrants and the Resale Warrants may never be in the money, and they may expire worthless. 
 
 The exercise price for our Public Warrants and Resale Warrants is 11.50 per share, which exceeds the market price of our Class A Common Stock, which was 7.00 per share based on the closing price on March 8, 2023. There can be no assurance that the Public Warrants and Resale Warrants will ever be in the money prior to their expiration and, as such, the Public Warrants and Resale Warrants may expire worthless. 
 
 The terms of our Warrants may be amended in a manner that may be adverse to the holders. The warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent, and us provides that the terms of the Warrants may be amended without the consent of any holder to cure any ambiguity or correct any defective 
 39 

provision, but requires the approval by the holders of a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants to make any change that adversely affects the interests of the registered holders. Accordingly, we may amend the terms of the Warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants approve of such amendment. Our ability to amend the terms of the Warrants with the consent of at least a majority of the then outstanding Public Warrants is unlimited. Examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other things, increase the exercise price of the Warrants, shorten the exercise period or decrease the number of shares of our common stock purchasable upon exercise of a Warrant. 
 
 We may redeem your unexpired Warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your Warrants worthless. 
 
 We have the ability to redeem outstanding Warrants (excluding any Resale Warrants held by Roman DBDR Tech Sponsor, LLC ("Roman Sponsor") or their permitted transferees) at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration, at 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sales price (or the closing bid price of our common stock in the event the shares of our common stock are not traded on any specific trading day) of the common stock equals or exceeds 18.00 per share on each of 20 trading days within the 30 trading-day period ending on the third business day prior to the date on which we send proper notice of such redemption, provided that on the date we give notice of redemption and during the entire period thereafter until the time we redeem the Warrants, we have an effective registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of common stock issuable upon exercise of the Warrants and a current prospectus relating to them is available. If and when the Warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding Warrants could force a Warrant holder: (i) to exercise your Warrants and pay the exercise price therefore at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to sell your Warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your Warrants or (iii) to accept the nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding Warrants are called for redemption, could be substantially less than the market value of your Warrants. 
 
 Warrants to purchase our Class A Common Stock are presently exercisable, which could increase the number of shares of Class A Common Stock eligible for future resale in the public market and result in dilution to our stockholders. 
 
 Outstanding Warrants to purchase an aggregate of 22,415,400 shares of our common stock are exercisable on the 30th day following the closing of the Business Combination in accordance with the terms of the warrant agreement governing those securities. These Warrants consist of 11,578,000 Public Warrants and 10,837,400 Resale Warrants originally included in the units issued in our IPO. Each Warrant entitles its holder to purchase one share of our common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per share and will expire at 5:00 p.m., New York time, on December 27, 2026 or earlier upon redemption of our Class A Common Stock or our liquidation. To the extent Warrants are exercised, additional shares of our Class A Common Stock will be issued, which will result in dilution to our then existing stockholders and increase the number of shares of Class A Common Stock eligible for resale in the public market. Sales of substantial numbers of such shares in the public market could depress the market price of our securities. 
 
 We may not be able to timely and effectively implement controls and procedures required by Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, which could have a material adverse effect on our business. 
 
 Commencing with this report, we are required to provide management s attestation on internal controls. The standards required for a public company under Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act are significantly more stringent than those previously required of Holdings as a privately-held company. Management may not be able to effectively and timely implement controls and procedures that adequately respond to the increased regulatory compliance and reporting requirements that are applicable to us as a public company. If we are not able to implement the additional requirements of Section 404 in a timely manner or with adequate compliance, we may not be able to assess whether our internal controls over financial reporting are effective, which may subject us to adverse 
 40 

regulatory consequences and could harm investor confidence and lead to a decrease in the market price of our securities. 
 
 Pursuant to the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act for so long as we are an emerging growth company. 
 
 Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires annual management assessments of the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting, and generally requires in the same report a report by our independent registered public accounting firm on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. However, under the JOBS Act, our independent registered public accounting firm will not be required to attest to the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting pursuant to Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act until we are no longer an emerging growth company. We will be an emerging growth company until the earlier of (1) the last day of the fiscal year (a) following November 10, 2025, the fifth anniversary of the consummation of our initial public offering, (b) in which we have total annual gross revenue of at least 1.23 billion or (c) in which we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer, which means the market value of our common stock that is held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the last business day of our prior second fiscal quarter, and (2) the date on which we have issued more than 1.0 billion in non-convertible debt during the prior three-year period. Accordingly, until we cease being an emerging growth company stockholders will not have the benefit of an independent assessment of the effectiveness of our internal control environment. 
 
 Our ability to successfully operate our business largely depends upon the efforts of certain key personnel. The loss of such key personnel could adversely affect our operations and profitability. 
 
 Our ability to successfully operate our business depends upon the efforts of certain key personnel. The unexpected loss of key personnel may adversely affect our operations and profitability. In addition, our future success depends in part on our ability to identify and retain key personnel to expand and/or succeed senior management. Furthermore, while we have closely scrutinized the skills, abilities and qualifications of our key personnel, our assessment may not prove to be correct. If such personnel do not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities we expect or those necessary to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of our business may be adversely impacted. 
 
 Our ability to meet expectations and projections in any research or reports published by securities or industry analysts, or a lack of coverage by securities or industry analysts, could result in a depressed market price and limited liquidity for our securities. 
 
 The trading market for our securities will be influenced by the research and reports that industry or securities analysts may publish about us, our business, our market, or our competitors. If no securities or industry analysts commence coverage of us, prices for our securities would likely be less than that which would obtain if we had such coverage and the liquidity, or trading volume of our securities may be limited, making it more difficult for a holder to sell securities at an acceptable price or amount. If any analysts do cover us, their projections may vary widely and may not accurately predict the results we actually achieve. Prices for our securities may decline if our actual results do not match the projections of research analysts covering us. Similarly, if one or more of the analysts who write reports on us downgrades our securities or publishes inaccurate or unfavorable research about our business, prices for our securities could decline. If one or more of these analysts ceases coverage of us or fails to publish reports on us regularly, prices for our securities or trading volume could decline. 
 
 Future sales of our securities, including resale of securities issued to the certain stockholders, may reduce the market price of our securities that you might otherwise obtain. 
 
 Upon expiration of the lockup period applicable to our securities held by certain of our stockholders may sell large amounts of our securities in the open market or in privately negotiated transactions. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading in the public market may increase the volatility in 
 41 

the price of our securities or put significant downward pressure on the price of our securities. In addition, we may use shares of our common stock as consideration for future acquisitions, which could further dilute our stockholders. 
 
 Because certain significant shareholders control a significant percentage of our common stock, such shareholders may influence major corporate decisions of the Company and our interests may conflict with the interests of other holders of our common stock. 
 
 At March 1, 2023, LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P. and LLR Equity Partners Parallel IV, L.P. (the LLR Parties and Michele D. Logan and any trust, entity or other similar vehicle or account affiliated with Michele D. Logan (the Logan Parties beneficially own approximately 44 and 28 , respectively of the voting power of our outstanding common stock. As a result of this control, the LLR Parties and the Logan Parties will be able to influence matters requiring approval by our stockholders and/or our Board, including the election of directors and the approval of business combinations or dispositions and other extraordinary transactions. The LLR Parties and the Logan Parties may also have interests that differ from the interests of other holders of our securities and may vote in a way with which you disagree and which may be adverse to your interests. The concentration of ownership may have the effect of delaying, preventing or deterring a change of control of the Company and may materially and adversely affect the market price of our securities. In addition, the LLR Parties or the Logan Parties may in the future own businesses that directly compete with the business of the Company. 
 
 Our Charter renounces any expectancy in or right to be offered an opportunity to participate in certain transactions or matters that may be investment, corporate or business opportunities and that are presented to the Company or our officers, directors or stockholders. 
 
 Our Charter provides that, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, each member of Holdings, their respective affiliates (other than the Company and our subsidiaries) and, to the extent any member is a series limited liability company, any series thereof and all of their respective partners, principals, directors, officers, members, managers, equity holders and/or employees, including any of the foregoing who serve as officers or directors of the Company (each, an Excluded Party ), shall not have any fiduciary duty to refrain from (a) directly or indirectly engaging in any opportunity in which we, directly or indirectly, could have an interest or expectancy or (b) otherwise competing with us. Our Charter also renounces, to the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, any interest or expectancy that we have in any opportunity in which any Excluded Party engages, even if the opportunity is one in which we, directly or indirectly, could have had an interest or expectancy. To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, in the event that any Excluded Party acquires knowledge of an opportunity that may be an opportunity for itself, himself or herself and for us, such party shall have no duty to communicate or present such opportunity to us and shall not be liable to us or any of our stockholders for breach of any fiduciary duty as our stockholder, director or officer solely for having pursued or acquired such opportunity or for offering or directing such opportunity to another person. To the fullest extent permitted by Delaware law, no business opportunity will be deemed to be a potential corporate opportunity for us unless we would be permitted to undertake the opportunity under our Charter, we have sufficient financial resources to undertake the opportunity and the opportunity would be in line with our business. 
 
 Our Bylaws designate the courts of the Court of Chancery in the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by stockholders, which could limit the ability of stockholders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes. 
 
 Our Bylaws provide that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, (a) any derivative action or proceeding brought on behalf of us, (b) any action asserting a claim of breach of fiduciary duty owed by any of our directors, officers or employees to us or our stockholders, (c) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL or our Charter or Bylaws or (d) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers or employees governed by the internal affairs doctrine. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions of the Bylaws will not apply to any claim as to which the Court of Chancery determines that there is an indispensable party not subject to the jurisdiction of the Court of 
 42 

Chancery (and the indispensable party does not consent to the personal jurisdiction of the Court of Chancery within ten days following such determination), which is vested in the exclusive jurisdiction of a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery (including suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum), or for which the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. While this exclusive provision applies to claims under the Securities Act, we note, however, that there is uncertainty as to whether a court would enforce this provision and that stockholders cannot waive compliance with the federal securities laws and the rules and regulations thereunder. Section 22 of the Securities Act creates concurrent jurisdiction for state and federal courts over all suits brought to enforce any duty or liability created by the Securities Act or the rules and regulations thereunder. 
 
 This choice-of-forum provision may limit a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with the Company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our Bylaws inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings, the Company may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our management and Board. 
 
 We may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and securities prices, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 
 
 If there are material issues in the business of our subsidiaries, or factors outside of our and our subsidiaries control later arise, we may be forced to later write down or write off assets, restructure our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in losses. Additionally, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity, the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about the Company or our securities. In addition, charges of this nature may cause us to be unable to obtain future financing on favorable terms or at all. 
 
 We may be subject to securities litigation, which is expensive and could divert management attention. 
 
 Our securities prices may be volatile and, in the past, companies that have experienced volatility in the market price of their securities have been subject to securities class action litigation. We may be the target of this type of litigation in the future. Litigation of this type could result in substantial costs and diversion of management s attention and resources, which could have a material adverse effect on business, financial condition, results of operations and prospects. Any adverse determination in litigation could also subject us to significant liabilities. 
 
 The future exercise of registration rights may adversely affect the market price of our securities. 
 
 Sales of a substantial number of shares of common stock in the public market could occur at any time. In addition, certain registration rights holders can request underwritten offerings to sell their securities. These sales, or the perception in the market that the holders of a large number of securities intend to sell securities, could reduce the market price of our securities. 

Item 1B. Unresolved Staff Comments 
 None. 
 
 Item 2. Properties 
 
 43 

The Company maintains five (5) leased facilities, as set forth below. The Company believes its current facilities are suitable and adequate for its current and presently contemplated operations and production capacity needs and recognizes that future operations may require expanded and/or additional production capacity. 
 
 Location Operations Approximate Square Footage Somerset, New Jersey (Pierce Street) Sales, Quality Assurance, Design, Marketing and Production 116,000 Somerset, New Jersey (Memorial Drive) Quality Assurance, Production 46,000 Somerset, New Jersey (Apgar Drive) Prelams and Subassembly Production 11,000 Somerset, New Jersey (Roosevelt Avenue) Warehouse and Related Activities 53,000 Somerset, New Jersey (Davidson Avenue) Executive and Administrative Offices 15,000 

Item 3. Legal Proceedings 
 
 As of March 2023, the Company was not a party to, nor were any of its properties the subject of, any material pending legal proceedings, other than ordinary routine claims incidental to the business. 
 
 Item 4. Mine Safety Disclosures 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

Part II 
 
 Item 5. Market for Registrant's Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 Market Information 
 Our Class A Common Stock, units, and warrants were historically traded on Nasdaq under the symbols DBDR, DBDRU and DBDRW, respectively. In connection with the merger in December 2021, the units ceased to trade. Since December 28, 2021, our Class A Common Stock and Public Warrants have been listed on The Nasdaq Global Market, under the symbols CMPO and CMPOW, respectively. On March 8, 2023, the closing price of a share of Class A Common Stock was 7.00 and the closing price for our Public Warrants was 1.63. 
 Holders 
 As of March 8, 2023, there were six holders of record of Class A Common Stock, ten holders of record of Class B Common Stock, two holders of record of our Public Warrants and one holder of record of our Private Warrants. Based on available information, we believe there are over 1,500 beneficial owners of our Class A Common Stock and over 300 holders of our Public Warrants. 
 Dividend Policy 
 We have not paid any cash dividends on Class A Common Stock to date. Our Board of Directors (the Board may from time to time consider whether or not to institute a dividend policy. It is our present intention to retain any earnings for use in our business operations and accordingly, we do not anticipate the Board declaring any dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition. The payment of any cash dividends will be within the discretion of our Board. Further, our ability to declare dividends will also be limited by restrictive covenants contained in our debt agreements. Under our Charter, holders of Class B Common Stock are not entitled to share in any declared dividends. 
 Stock Performance Graph 
 Not applicable. 
 Sales of Unregistered Securities 
 The shares of Class B Common Stock originally issued to Roman Sponsor, the Private Placement Warrants, the shares of Class B Common Stock issued in connection with the Business Combination and the shares of Class A Common Stock and the Company s Exchangeable Notes issued pursuant to the Subscription Agreements in connection with the PIPE Investments were not registered under the Securities Act, and were issued in reliance on the exemption from registration requirements thereof provided by Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act and/or Regulation D promulgated thereunder as a transaction by an issuer not involving a public offering without any form of general solicitation or general advertising, or the involvement of any underwriters. 
 The shares of Class B Common Stock originally issued to Roman Sponsor were issued for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000. The Private Placement Warrants were originally issued for a purchase price of 1.00 per Private Placement Warrant. The Company did not receive any consideration in connection with the issuance of the Class B Common Stock issued in connection with the Business Combination. The Company issued the shares of Class A Common Stock and the Exchangeable Notes in the PIPE Investments for gross proceeds of 45,000,000 and 130,000,000, respectively. 
 
 In accordance with the Holdings Second Amended and Restated LLC Agreement and the terms of the Exchange Agreement entered into in connection with the merger in December 2021, the Class B Units of Holdings 
 45 

may each be exchanged at the option of the holder, together with a corresponding cancellation of the corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock of the Company, on a one-for-one basis for shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company. There is no cash or other consideration paid by the holder in these transactions and, therefore, there is no cash or other consideration received by the Company. The shares of Class A Common Stock issued by the Company in such exchanges are exempt from registration pursuant to Section 4(a)(2) of the Securities Act. During the quarter ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued 261,743 shares of Class A Common Stock upon the exchange of the same number of Class B Units and the cancellation of the same number of shares of Class B Common Stock held by the exchanging stockholder. 
 Purchases of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 
 
 Not applicable. 

Item 6. Reserved 
 
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations should be read in conjunction with the Company's audited consolidated financial statements and related notes included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. In addition to historical consolidated financial information, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that reflect the Company s plans, estimates and beliefs. The Company s actual results could differ materially from those discussed in the forward-looking statements. Factors that could cause or contribute to these differences include those discussed below and elsewhere particularly in the sections titled Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements included elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K. 
 
 Overview 
 
 The Company creates innovative, highly differentiated and customized quality financial payment card products to support and increase its customer acquisition, customer retention and organic customer spend. The Company s customers consist primarily of leading international and domestic banks and other payment card issuers primarily within the United States U.S. ), Europe, Asia, Latin America, Canada, and the Middle East. The Company is a platform for next generation payment technology, security, and authentication solutions. The Company maintains trusted, highly-embedded and long-term customer relationships with an expanding set of global issuers. The Company has established a niche position in the financial payment card market through nearly over 20 years of innovation and experience and is focused primarily on this attractive subsector of the financial technology market. The Company serves a diverse set of over 20 direct customers and over 80 indirect customers, including some of the largest issuers of credit cards in the U.S. 
 
 Impact of COVID-19 Pandemic 
 
 The global outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve. In response to the COVID-19 pandemic, over the past several years, the Company has taken a number of measures to monitor and mitigate the effects of COVID-19, such as safety and health measures for the employees and securing the supply of materials that are essential to the Company s production process. To date, the impact on the Company s business and results of operations has not been significant. Any future impact of the pandemic on our operations will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted and which could result in business disruption.The impact of COVID-19 has created uncertainty regarding the economic outlook for the near term. While governments and central banks continued to be aggressive in providing fiscal and monetary stimulus, the global economic recovery remains fragile. The extent to which the COVID-19 pandemic will continue to affect the Company s business, financial condition, liquidity and the Company s operating results will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 
 46 

Economic Conditions - globally and in the digital asset marketplace 
 
 U.S. and international markets and, in particular, the rapidly evolving digital assets industry, are experiencing uncertain and volatile economic conditions, including from the impacts of the COVID-19 pandemic, Russian aggression in Ukraine, sustained inflation, threats or concerns of recession, and supply chain disruptions. These conditions make it extremely difficult for us and our suppliers to accurately forecast and plan future business activities. Additionally, a significant downturn in the domestic or global economy may cause our existing customers to pause or delay orders and prospective customers to defer new projects. Together, these circumstances create an environment in which it is challenging for us to predict future operating results. If these uncertain business, macroeconomic or political conditions continue or further decline, our business, financial condition and results of operations could be materially adversely affected. 
 
 The Company's Arculus Platform offers a broad range of secure authentication and Digital Asset storage solutions and enables our consumer Arculus Cold Storage Wallet for digital assets. Recently, some digital asset exchanges have been freezing or limiting consumer withdrawals and some have filed for bankruptcy protection, driving consumer need for enhanced protection of their digital assets. We believe consumers can achieve enhanced protection by controlling their private keys with a cold storage wallet, such as the Arculus Cold Storage Wallet. At the same time, this market cycle has created uncertainty in timing for our anticipated Arculus ramp up, as some of our partners and targets have been impacted. Therefore, we are taking a measured approach to better target the timing of our investments to support near-term and long-term opportunities. 
 
 Key Components of Results of Operations 
 Net Sales 
 Net sales reflect the Company s revenue generated primarily from the sale of its products. Product sales primarily include the design and manufacturing of metal cards, including contact and dual interface cards. The Company also generates revenue from the sale of prelams (which refers to pre-laminated, sub-assemblies consisting of a composite of material layers which are partially laminated to be used as a component in the multiple layers of a final payment card or other card construction).which are used by makers of plastic payment and other cards). Net sales include the effect of discounts and allowances which consist primarily of volume-based rebates. 
 Cost of Sales 
 The Company s cost of sales includes the direct and indirect costs related to manufacturing products and providing related services. Product costs include the cost of raw materials and supplies, including various metals, EMV chips, holograms, adhesives, magnetic stripes, and NFC assemblies; the cost of labor; equipment and facilities; operational overhead; depreciation and amortization; leases and rental charges; shipping and handling; and freight and insurance costs. Cost of sales can be impacted by many factors, including volume, operational efficiencies, procurement costs, and promotional activity. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 The Company s gross profit represents its net sales less cost of sales, and its gross margin represents gross profit as a percentage of its net sales. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The Company s operating expenses primarily comprised selling, general, and administrative expenses, which generally consist of personnel-related expenses for its corporate, executive, finance, information technology, research and development and other administrative function, and expenses for outside professional services, 
 47 

including legal, audit and accounting services, as well as expenses for facilities, depreciation, amortization, travel, sales and marketing. 
 
 The Company has experienced an increase in its operating expenses as a result of operating as a public company, including compliance with the rules and regulations of the SEC, legal, audit, additional insurance expenses, investor relations activities, and other administrative and professional services. 
 Income from Operations and Operating Margin 
 Income from operations consists of the Company s gross profit less its operating expenses. Operating margin is income from the Company s operations as a percentage of its net sales. 
 Other (Income) Expense 
 Other (income) expense consists primarily of change in fair value of warrant liability, earnout consideration liability and interest expense net of any interest income. 
 Net Income 
 Net income consists of the Company s income from operations, less other expenses and income tax provisions or benefits. 
 
 Factors Affecting the Company s Operating Results 
 
 We believe that our performance and future success depend on a number of factors that present significant opportunities for us but also pose risks and challenges. Please see the factors discussed elsewhere in this annual report on Form 10-K, including those discussed in Risk Factors and Cautionary Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements for additional information. 
 48 

Results of Operations 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2021 
 
 The following table presents the Company s results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (in thousands) Net sales 378,476 267,948 110,528 41 Cost of sales 158,832 123,099 35,733 29 Gross profit 219,644 144,849 74,795 52 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses 104,749 63,424 41,325 65 Income from operations 114,895 81,425 33,470 41 Other income, net 21,280 1,132 20,148 1780 Income before income taxes 136,175 82,557 53,618 65 Income tax (expense) benefit (4,360) 857 (5,217) (609 Net income 131,815 83,414 48,401 58 Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests (1) 113,158 80,260 32,898 41 Net income attributable to CompoSecure, Inc (1) 18,657 3,154 15,503 492 
 (1) Net income attributable to CompoSecure, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2021 is equal to net income for the period subsequent to Business Combination for the prorated period from December 27, 2021 (the date of the Business Combination) through December 31, 2021. Net income attributable to non-controlling interest for the year ended December 31, 2021 is equal to net income for the period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021. Effective April 1, 2022, the Company had changed its methodology to apply its accounting policy to allocate the net income to redeemable non-controlling interest and CompoSecure, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2021 and therefore the amounts previously reported have been adjusted to conform to the new methodology. See Note 1 and Note 15 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Gross Margin 58 54 Operating margin 30 30 
 
 Net Sales 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 Change Change (in thousands) Net sales by region Domestic 295,423 218,441 76,982 35 International 83,053 49,507 33,546 68 Total 378,476 267,948 110,528 41 
 The Company s net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased by 110.5 million, or 41 , to 378.5 million compared to 267.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in net sales was due to a 35 increase in domestic sales and a 68 increase in international sales. 
 49 

Domestic: The Company s domestic net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 77.0 million, or 35 , to 295.4 million compared to 218.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This was primarily driven by higher demand for the Company's products in the year ended December 31, 2022 due to higher overall customer acquisition by the Company s clients as we continue to emerge from the adverse impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 International: The Company s international net sales for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 33.5 million, or 68 , to 83.1 million compared to 49.5 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was primarily driven by an increase in sales through international distributor channels and the increase in demand in the fintech market. 
 
 In addition, the following table presents the Company s net sales for the three months ended December 31, 2022 compared to December 31, 2021: 
 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Change Change (in thousands) Net Sales 93,790 75,300 18,490 25 
 
 The Company s net sales for the three months ended December 31, 2022 increased 18.5 million, or 25 , to 93.8 million compared to 75.3 million for the three months ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The following table presents the Company s net sales for the three months ended December 31, 2022 compared to September 30, 2022: 
 
 Three Months Ended December 31, 2022 September 30, 2022 Change Change (in thousands) Net Sales 93,790 103,305 (9,515) (9 
 
 The Company s net sales for the three months ended December 31, 2022 decreased 9.5 million, or 9 , to 93.8 million compared to 103.3 million for the three months ended September 30, 2022. 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 
 The Company s gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 74.8 million, or 52 , to 219.7 million compared to 144.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2021, while the gross profit margin increased from 54 to 58 . The gross margin improvement resulted from a decrease in costs of sales in the period ended December 31, 2022 primarily from improvement in production yields and increased operating efficiencies compared to the period ended December 31, 2021. This was partially offset by higher supply chain costs primarily towards the end of the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The Company s operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 41.3 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. This increase was driven by salaries, commissions and employee benefits of 26.8 million, increased insurance expense of 5.7 million, increase in stock based compensation of 5.4 million, increase in professional fees of 6.7 million and an overall increase in utilities, supplies and various other costs of 2.3 million due to the growth in operations. This was partially offset by a decrease in marketing expenses of 5.6 million. 
 
 Income from Operations and Operating Margin 
 50 

During the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company had income from operations of 114.9 million compared to income from operations of 81.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company s operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2022 remained consistent at 30 compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Other Income (Expenses) (net) 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 increased 10.6 million, or 47.1 , to 22.5 million compared to 11.9 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The additional interest expense resulted primarily from the issuance of Exchangeable Notes in December 2021 resulting in an increase in outstanding debt during the year ended December 31, 2022. The increase in interest expense was more than offset by an overall decrease in other expenses due to the favorable changes in the fair value of earnout consideration and warrant liabilities of 42.2 million, other income of 1.3 million related to employee retention credit (see Note 14 to the consolidated financial statements) and derivative liability of 0.3 million, See Liquidity and Capital Resources below for detail on the existing credit facility. 
 Net Income 
 The Company s net income for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 131.8 million, compared to net income of 83.4 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase was primarily driven by higher sales volume, a more profitable sales mix, favorable change in fair value of earnout consideration liability of 23.3 million and favorable change in fair value of 18.9 million in warrant liability, partially offset primarily by increases in operating expenses as a result of higher sales volume and arbitration charges of 10.2 million. 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 Compared with Year Ended December 31, 2020 
 The following table presents the Company s results of operations for the periods indicated: 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Change Change (in thousands) Net sales 267,948 260,586 7,362 3 Cost of sales 123,099 127,959 (4,860) (4 Gross profit 144,849 132,627 12,222 9 Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses 63,424 48,669 14,755 30 Income from operations 81,425 83,958 (2,533) (3 Other income (expense), net 1,132 (6,143) 7,275 (118 Income before income taxes 82,557 77,815 4,742 6 Income tax benefit 857 857 100 Net income 83,414 77,815 5,599 7 Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests 80,260 80,260 100 Net income attributable to CompoSecure, Inc 3,154 77,815 (74,661) (96 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Gross Margin 54 51 Operating margin 30 32 
 
 Net Sales 
 51 

Year Ended December 31, 2021 2020 Change Change (in thousands) Net sales by region: Domestic 218,441 213,982 4,459 2 International 49,507 46,604 2,903 6 Total 267,948 260,586 7,362 3 
 The Company s net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased by 7.4 million, or 3 , to 267.9 million compared to 260.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This was due to higher growing demand for its products throughout the year ended December 31, 2021 as we continued to emerge from the adverse impact from the COVID-19 pandemic compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase in net sales was due to a 2 increase in domestic sales and a 6 increase in international sales. 
 Domestic: The Company s domestic net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased 4.5 million, or 2 , to 218.4 million compared to 214.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily due to higher demand for the Company's products primarily in the second half of the year ended December 31, 2021 due to higher overall customer acquisition by the Company s clients as we continued to emerge from the adverse impact from the COVID-19 pandemic compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 International: The Company s international net sales for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased 2.9 million, or 6 , to 49.5 million compared to 46.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily driven by our efforts to grow our international distributor channels compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 Gross Profit and Gross Margin 
 
 The Company s gross profit for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased 12.2 million, or 9 , to 144.8 million compared to 132.6 million for the year ended December 31, 2020, while the gross profit margin increased from 51 to 54 . The gross margin improvement resulted from a decrease in costs of sales in the period ended December 31, 2021 from improvement in production yields and favorable product mix compared to the period ended December 31, 2020. 
 Operating Expenses 
 The Company s operating expenses for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased 14.8 million compared to the year ended December 31, 2020. This was primarily due to increases in bonuses and commissions of 4.8 million and marketing and professional fee expenses of 19.0 million primarily related to the launch of Arculus in third quarter of 2021 and an overall increase in other costs of 1.1 million, partially offset by a decrease in transaction costs of approximately 10.0 million. 
 
 Income from Operations and Operating Margin 
 During the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company had income from operations of 81.4 million compared to income of 84.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The Company s operating margin for the year ended December 31, 2021 decreased from 32 to 30 for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 Other Expenses 
 Interest expense for the year ended December 31, 2021 increased 5.8 million, or 94 , to 11.9 million compared to 6.1 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The additional interest expense resulted from the refinancing of the Company s existing debt facility in November 2020 resulting in an increase in outstanding debt during the period ended December 31, 2021. This was offset by a favorable change in fair value of 3.5 million in warrant liability and 9.6 million in earnout consideration liability. See Liquidity and Capital Resources below for more detail on the existing debt facility. 
 52 

Net Income 
 The Company s net income for the year ended December 31, 2021 was 83.4 million, compared to net income of 77.8 million for the year ended December 31, 2020. The increase was primarily due to favorable change in fair value of 3.5 million in warrant liability and 9.6 million in earnout consideration liability and a more profitable product mix, partially offset by increases in operating expenses as a result of higher sales volume and costs related to the launch of Arculus. 
 
 53 

Use of Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 This Form 10-K includes certain non-GAAP financial measures that are not prepared in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States GAAP and that may be different from non-GAAP financial measures used by other companies. The Company believes EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP earnings per share are useful to investors in evaluating the Company s financial performance. The Company uses these measures internally to establish forecasts, budgets and operational goals to manage and monitor its business, as well as evaluate its underlying historical performance and to measure incentive compensation, as we believe that these non-GAAP financial measures depict the true performance of the business by encompassing only relevant and controllable events, enabling the Company to evaluate and plan more effectively for the future. In addition, the Company s debt agreements contain covenants that use a variation of these measures for purposes of determining debt covenant compliance. The Company believes that investors should have access to the same set of tools that its management uses in analyzing operating results. EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP earnings per share should not be considered as measures of financial performance under U.S. GAAP, and the items excluded from EBITDA, Adjusted EBITDA and non-GAAP earnings per share are significant components in understanding and assessing the Company s financial performance. Accordingly, these key business metrics have limitations as an analytical tool. They should not be considered as an alternative to net income or any other performance measures derived in accordance with U.S. GAAP or as an alternative to cash flows from operating activities as a measure of the Company s liquidity, and may be different from similarly titled non-GAAP measures used by other companies. 
 
 The following unaudited table presents the reconciliation of net income to EBITDA and Adjusted EBITDA for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020. 
 
 Year Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 (in thousands) Net income 131,815 83,414 77,815 Add: Depreciation 8,575 10,428 9,916 Taxes 4,360 (857) Interest expense, net 22,544 11,928 6,143 EBITDA 167,294 104,913 93,874 Special management bonus expense 4,384 15,708 Equity compensation expense 11,465 6,113 1,848 Mark to market adjustments (1) (42,533) (13,060) Other (2) 4,071 Adjusted EBITDA 136,226 102,350 115,501 
 
 (1) Includes the changes in fair value of warrant liability, derivative liabilities and earnout consideration liability for the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 . 
 (2) Primarily includes the non-recurring transaction expenses relating to the then proposed Business Combination for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 
 The following unaudited table presents the non-GAAP earnings per share and reconciliation of GAAP net income to non-GAAP adjusted net income for the periods indicated: 
 54 

Year Ended December 31, 2022 (in thousands) except per share amounts Basic Diluted Net Income 131,815 131,815 Add: provision for income taxes 4,360 4,360 Income before income taxes 136,175 136,175 Income tax expense (1) (22,423) (22,423) Adjusted net income 113,752 113,752 Less: mark-to-market adjustments (2) (42,267) (42,267) Add: stock-based compensation 11,465 11,465 Adjusted net income 82,950 82,950 Common shares outstanding used in computing net income per share, basic: Class A and Class B common shares (3) 75,697 75,697 Common shares outstanding used in computing net income per share, diluted: Warrants (Public and Private) (4) 
 8,094 Equity awards 4,183 Total Shares outstanding used in computing net income per share 75,697 87,974 Adjusted net income per share (5) 1.10 0.94 
 
 1) Calculated using the Company's blended tax rate. 
 2) Includes the changes in fair value of warrant liability and earnout consideration liability. 
 3) Assumes both Class A and Class B shares participate in earnings and are outstanding at the end of the period. 
 4) Assumes treasury stock method, valuation at assumed fair market value of 18.00. 
 5) The Company did not include the effect of Exchangeable Notes to its total shares outstanding used in diluted adjusted net income per share. 

Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 General: 
 
 The discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations is based upon audited financial statements, which have been prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. The preparation of these financial statements involve the management to make estimates, judgments, and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities and disclosures with respect to contingent liabilities and assets at the date of the financial statements and the reported amounts of revenues and expenses during the reporting periods. Certain accounting policies require the application of significant judgment by management in selecting the appropriate assumptions for calculating financial estimates. By their nature, these judgments are subject to an inherent degree of uncertainty. These judgments are based on the Company s historical experience, terms of its existing contracts, evaluation of trends in the industry, information provided by its customers, and information available from outside sources, as appropriate. The Company s actual results may differ from those estimates under different assumptions or conditions. The Company evaluates the adequacy of its expected reserves and the estimates used in calculations on an on-going basis. Significant areas requiring management to make estimates include the valuation of equity instruments, measurement of changes in the fair value of earnout consideration liability, estimates of derivative 
 55 

liability associated with the exchangeable notes which are marked to market each quarter based on a Lattice model approach, changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities, derivative asset for the interest rate swap, valuation allowances on deferred tax assets which are based on an assessment of recoverability of the deferred tax assets against future taxable income and estimates of the inputs used to calculate the tax receivable agreement liability. See Note 7, 10 and 12 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for further discussion of the nature of these assumptions and conditions. See Note 2 to the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a complete description of the significant accounting policies that have been followed in preparing the Company s audited consolidated financial statements. 
 
 The accounting policies described below are those that the Company considers to be the most critical for an understanding of its financial condition and results of operations and that require the most complex and subjective management judgment. Effective April 1, 2022, the Company changed its accounting policy to calculate the basic and diluted earnings per share as detailed below. 
 Revenue Recognition 
 The Company recognizes revenue in accordance with the accounting standard ASC 606 when the performance obligations under the terms of the Company s contracts with its customers have been satisfied. This occurs at the point in time when control of the specific goods or services as specified by each purchase order are transferred to customers. Specific goods refer to the products offered by the Company, including metal cards, high security documents, and pre-laminated materials. Transfer of control passes to customers upon shipment or upon receipt, depending on the agreement with the specific customers. ASC 606 requires entities to record a contract asset when a performance obligation has been satisfied or partially satisfied, but the amount of consideration has not yet been received because the receipt of the consideration is conditioned on something other than the passage of time. ASC 606 also requires an entity to present a revenue contract as a contract liability in instances when a customer pays consideration, or an entity has a right to an amount of consideration that is unconditional (e.g. receivable), before the entity transfers a good or service to the customer. 
 The primary judgments relating to the Company s revenue recognition include determining whether (i) the contract with a customer exists; (ii) performance obligations are identified; (iii) the transaction price is determined; (iv) the transaction price is allocated to performance obligations; and (v) the distinct performance obligations are satisfied by transferring control of the product or service to the client. Transfer of control is typically evaluated from the customer's perspective. 
 The Company invoices its customers at the time at which control is transferred, with payment terms ranging between 15 and 60 days depending on each individual contract. As the payment is due within 90 days of the invoice, a significant financing component is not included within the contracts. 
 The majority of the Company s contracts with its customers have the same performance obligation of manufacturing and transferring the specified number of cards to the customer. Each individual card included within an order constitutes a separate performance obligation, which is satisfied upon the transfer of goods to the customer. The contract term as defined by ASC 606 is the length of time it takes to deliver the goods or services promised under the purchase order or statement of work. As such, the Company's contracts are generally short term in nature. 
 Revenue is measured in an amount that reflects the consideration the Company expects to receive in exchange for those products or services. Revenue is recognized net of variable consideration such as discounts, rebates and returns. 
 The Company s products do not include an unmitigated right of return unless the product is non-conforming or defective. If the goods are non-conforming or defective, the defective goods are replaced or reworked or, in certain instances, a credit is issued for the portion of the order that was non-conforming or defective. A provision for sales returns and allowances is recorded based on experience with goods being returned. Most returned goods are re-worked and subsequently re-shipped to the customer and recognized as revenue. Historically, returns have not been material to the Company. 
 56 

Additionally, the Company has a rebate program with certain customers allowing for rebates based on achieving a certain level of shipped sales during the calendar year. These rebates are estimated and updated throughout the year and recorded against revenues and the related accounts receivable. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Per Share 
 
 The Company complies with accounting and disclosure requirements of FASB ASC Topic 260, Earnings Per Share . Net income per common share is computed by dividing net income attributable to controlling interest by the weighted average number of common shares outstanding for the period. The weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period includes Class A common stock but is exclusive of Class B common stock as these shares have no economic or participating rights. 
 
 Effective April 1, 2022, the Company changed its methodology to apply the accounting policy to calculate the basic and diluted earnings per share as well as it determined that it would push down the changes in fair value of the mark-to-market liabilities related to the Company's warrants and earnout consideration liability to its operating subsidiary, Holdings, resulting in a change to the net income attributable to the controlling interest and non-controlling interest. Diluted net income per share is computed by dividing the net income allocated to potential dilutive instruments attributable to controlling interest by the basic weighted-average number of common shares outstanding during the period, adjusted for the potentially dilutive shares of common stock equivalents resulting from the assumed exercise of the warrants, payment of the earnouts, exercise of the equity awards, exchange of the Class B units and Exchangeable Notes ("securities") only if the effect is not anti-dilutive. 
 
 The Company has prospectively adopted this change in methodology to apply the accounting policy described above to allocate its net income and to calculate its basic and dilutive earnings per share. The Company has provided the appropriate disclosures as required in ASC 250-10. See Note 15 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 
 Equity-Based Compensation 
 The Company adopted its existing equity incentive plans in 2021 and 2015. See Note 10 for a detailed discussion of both the plans. The Company estimates the fair value of option awards using a Black-Scholes option valuation model. Option valuation model requires the Company to estimate a number of key valuation inputs including expected volatility, expected dividend yield, expected term, and risk-free interest rate. The expected term assumption reflects the period for which the Company believes the option will remain outstanding. This assumption is based upon the historical and expected behavior of the option holders and may vary based upon the behavior of different groups of option holders. The most subjective estimate is the expected volatility of the underlying unit when determining the fair market value of an option granted. As there was no trading history for the Company s equity in 2020, the Company had utilized an appropriate index to estimate the volatility assumption when calculating the fair value of options granted during 2020. A nonpublic entity that is unable to estimate the expected volatility of the price of its underlying share may measure awards based on a calculated value, which substitutes the volatility of an appropriate index for the volatility of the entity s own share price. The Company had used the historical closing values of comparable publicly held entities to estimate volatility. The risk-free rate reflects the U.S. Treasury yield curve for a similar expected life instrument in effect at the time of the grant. There were no option grants made during 2022 under 2015 incentive plans. The Company made certain grants under 2021 incentive plan during 2022. See Note 10 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K. 
 
 In connection with the consummation of the Business Combination, the then existing equity holders had the right to receive an aggregate of up to 7,500,000 additional (i) shares of the Company's class A common stock or (ii) Holdings' Units (and a corresponding number of shares of the Company's class B common stock), as applicable, in earn-out consideration based on the achievement of certain stock price thresholds (collectively, the Earnouts ). There were a total of 657,160 shares subject to ASC 718, or 328,580 shares for each portion of the Earnouts. Upon the transaction date, a valuation was performed which took into consideration all the key terms and conditions of the award, including the fact that, under Topic 718, there is no requisite service period due to the fact that there is no 
 57 

service condition prospectively, and as of the grant date there was no service inception date preceding the grant date on which to base historical valuation or expense amortization. As such, the award was considered to be immediately vested from a service perspective, and is solely contingent on meeting the hurdles required for the award to be settled. Since there is no future substantive risk of forfeiture, all expense associated with the awards were accelerated and recognized on December 27, 2021.The valuation of the Earnouts was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilizes significant assumptions, including volatility, that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award to calculate the fair value of the award. The following assumptions were used to determine the grant date fair value for the Earnouts that were fully expensed at the closing date, December 27, 2021: 
 
 Year Ended 12/27/2021 Valuation date share price 9.95 Risk-free interest rate 0.98 - 1.12 Expected volatility 57.92 - 58.88 Expected dividends 0 Expected forfeiture rate 0 Expected term 3 - 4 years 
 
 A 10 change in the Company s equity-based compensation expense for the year ended December 31, 2022 would have affected net income by approximately 1.0 million. The Company includes equity-based compensation expense in selling, general and administrative expenses in its consolidated statement of operations. 
 
 Earnout Consideration 
 
 As a result of the Business Combination, certain of Holdings' equity holders have the right to receive an aggregate of up to 7,500,000 additional (i) shares of the Company's class A common stock or (ii) Holdings' Units (and a corresponding number of shares of the Company's class B common stock), as applicable, in earnout consideration based on the achievement of certain stock price thresholds (collectively, the Earnouts ). As such, Earnouts were considered to be derivative liability and the valuation of the Earnouts liability was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilizes significant assumptions, including volatility, that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award to calculate the fair value of the award. The Company classifies the Earnouts as liabilities at their fair value on the consolidated balance sheet and adjusts the fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in revaluation of earnout consideration liability in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. See Note 10 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for a detailed discussion. 
 
 Warrant Liabilities 
 
 The Company accounts for the warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815 under which the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment and must be recorded as liabilities. Accordingly, the Company classifies the warrants as liabilities at their fair value within warrant liability on the consolidated balance sheet and adjusts the warrants to fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in revaluation of warrant liability in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. The Private Placement Warrants were valued using a Black-Scholes option pricing model. The Public Warrants were valued using the quoted market price as the fair value at the end of each balance sheet date. See Note 12 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Derivative Liability Redemption Make-Whole Provision Feature 
 58 

A derivative liability was initially recorded as a result of the issuance of the 7.00 Exchangeable notes due December, 2026 (see Note 7 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K). The fair value measurement of the derivative liability is classified as Level 3 under the fair value hierarchy as it has been valued using certain unobservable inputs using Lattice model. These inputs primarily include: (1) share price as of the valuation date, (2) assumed timing of redemption of the notes based on redemption threshold using Monte Carlo simulation (3) historical volatility of share price and (4) the risk-free rate. Significant increases or decreases in any of those inputs in isolation could result in a significantly lower or higher fair value measurement. The fair value of the derivative liability was determined using a Lattice model by calculating the fair value of the notes with the redemption make-whole feature as compared to the fair value of the notes without the redemption make-whole feature, with the difference representing the value of the redemption make-whole feature, or the derivative liability. The conversion feature will be measured at fair value on a quarterly basis and the change in the fair value of the conversion feature for the period will be recorded in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
 
 As a result of the Business Combination, the Company entered into a tax receivable agreement with Holdings and holders of interests in Holdings. Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, the Company is required to pay to participating holders of membership units in Holdings, 90 of the amount of savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes as a result of the utilization of certain tax attributes. The tax receivable agreement will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired unless the Company exercises its right to terminate the agreement for an amount representing the present value of anticipated future tax benefits under the tax receivable agreement. The Company will retain the benefit of the remaining 10 of these cash tax savings. The Company recorded 26,842.0 million and 24.5 million in tax receivable agreement liability as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively which is recorded in the Company's consolidated balance sheets. The Company paid 0.1 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 to holders of interests in Holdings pursuant to the savings in U.S. federal, state and local income taxes that the Company realized as a result of the utilization of certain tax attributes for the fiscal year 2021 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 Income taxes are applied to the income attributable to the controlling interest (see Note 9 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K) as the income attributable to the non-controlling interest is pass-through income. The Company complies with the accounting and reporting requirements of ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes, which requires an asset and liability approach to financial accounting and reporting for income taxes. Deferred income tax assets and liabilities are computed for differences between the financial statement and tax bases of assets and liabilities that will result in future taxable or deductible amounts, based on enacted tax laws and rates applicable to the periods in which the differences are expected to affect taxable income. Valuation allowances are established, when necessary, to reduce deferred tax assets to the amount expected to be realized. 
 
 We will continue to evaluate the realizability of our deferred tax assets and liabilities on a quarterly basis, and will adjust such amounts in light of changing facts and circumstances, including but not limited to future projections of taxable income, tax legislation, rulings by relevant tax authorities and the progress of ongoing tax audits, if any. we consider all available evidence, both positive and negative, to determine whether, based on the weight of that evidence, a valuation allowance is required to reduce the deferred tax assets to the amount that is more likely than not to be realized in future periods. 
 
 The Company was not subject to income taxes prior to December 27, 2021, the date of the consummation of the Business Combination, due to the then equity structure of the Company and was subject to pass through income taxes. Federal, state and local income tax returns for years prior to 2019 are no longer subject to examination by tax authorities. The Company is currently under audit by federal tax authorities for fiscal 2020. There have been no proposed adjustments at this stage of the examination. The examination is expected to be finalized by the end of fiscal 2023. The Company does not expect any material impact to the financial results due to settlement of this audit. 
 59 

Holdings is a partnership for tax purposes. Pursuant to Holdings limited liability company agreement, Holdings makes pro rata tax distributions during each year to the members of Holdings. These distributions are based on the Company s estimate of taxable income for each year, and are updated throughout the year. Tax distributions from Holdings are intended to provide each member of Holdings sufficient funds to meet tax obligations with respect to the taxable income of Holdings Company that is allocated to each member. The Holdings limited liability company agreement requires distributions to be calculated based on a tax rate equal to the highest combined marginal federal and applicable state or local statutory income tax rate applicable to an individual resident in New York City, New York, including the Medicare contribution tax on unearned income, taking into account all jurisdictions in which the Company is required to file income tax returns together with the relevant apportionment information subject to various adjustments. 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, Holdings distributed a total of 44,4 million of tax distributions to its members, of which 8,1 million was paid to CompoSecure, Inc. (the parent company), resulting in a net tax distribution to all other members of 36,3 million. 
 
 Market and Credit Risk 
 
 Financial instruments that potentially subject the Company to credit risk consist principally of investments in cash, cash equivalents, short-term investments and accounts receivable. The Company s primary exposure is credit risk on receivables as the Company does not require any collateral for its accounts receivable. Credit risk is the loss that may result from a trade customer s or counterparty s nonperformance. The Company uses credit policies to control credit risk, including utilizing an established credit approval process, monitoring customer and counterparty limits, employing credit mitigation measures such as analyzing customers financial statements, and accepting personal guarantees and various forms of collateral. The Company believes that its customers and counterparties will be able to satisfy their obligations under their contracts. 
 
 The Company maintains cash, cash equivalents with approved federally insured financial institutions. Such deposit accounts at times may exceed federally insured limits. The Company is exposed to credit risks and liquidity in the event of default by the financial institutions or issuers of investments in excess of FDIC insured limits. The Company performs periodic evaluations of the relative credit standing of these financial institutions and limits the amount of credit exposure with any institution if required. The Company has not experienced any losses on such accounts. 
 Recently Adopted Accounting Policies 
 
 In June 2016, the FASB issued ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments Credit Losses (Topic 326): Measurement of Credit Losses on Financial Instruments and subsequently amended by ASU 2019-04 and ASU 2019-05 which introduces a forward-looking approach, based on expected losses, to estimate credit losses on certain types of financial instruments, including trade receivables. This new standard amends the current guidance on the impairment of financial instruments. The ASU adds to U.S. GAAP an impairment model known as current expected credit loss (CECL) model that is based on expected losses rather than incurred losses. Under the new guidance, an entity will recognize as an allowance its estimate of expected credit losses. Expected credit losses are determined on the basis of how long a receivable has been outstanding (e.g., under 30 days, 31 60 days) as each customer has its own specific term. This method is used to estimate the allowance for bad debts on trade receivables. A trade receivable is considered past due when its past due one day over its specific payment term. The Company determines the write-offs of the allowance on a customer by customer approach. The Company has not experienced any significant write-offs in the past. The ASU is effective for the Company for fiscal years beginning after December 15, 2022, and interim periods within those fiscal years with early adoption permitted. The Company adopted this guidance effective January 1, 2022. The adoption of this guidance did not have a material impact on the consolidated financial statements. 

Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 
 60 

The Company s primary sources of liquidity are its existing cash and cash equivalents balances, cash flows from operations and borrowings on its term loan revolving credit facility and exchangeable notes. The Company s primary cash requirements include operating expenses, debt service payments (principal and interest), and capital expenditures (including property and equipment). 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had cash and cash equivalents of 13.6 million and total debt principal outstanding of 363.1 million. The Company believes that cash flows from its operations and available cash and cash equivalents are sufficient to meet its liquidity needs, including the repayment of its outstanding debt, for at least the next 12 months. The Company anticipates that to the extent that it requires additional liquidity, it will be funded through borrowings on its revolving credit facility, the incurrence of other indebtedness, or a combination thereof and offering of its shares in capital markets. The Company cannot be assured that it will be able to obtain this additional liquidity on reasonable terms, or at all. Additionally, the Company s liquidity and its ability to meet its obligations and fund its capital requirements are also dependent on its future financial performance, which is subject to general economic, financial and other factors that are beyond its control. Accordingly, the Company cannot be assured that its business will generate sufficient cash flows from operations or that future borrowings will be available from additional indebtedness or otherwise to meet its liquidity needs. Although the Company has no specific current plans to do so, if the Company decides to pursue one or more significant acquisitions, it may incur additional debt to finance such acquisitions. 
 At December 31, 2022, the Company had 233.1 million of total debt outstanding under the Company s existing credit facility, (the 2021 Credit Facility ). The credit facility comprised a term loan of 250.0 million (with an outstanding balance of 233.1 at December 31, 2022) as well as a 60.0 million revolving loan facility, of which 60.0 million was available for borrowing as of December 31, 2022. Additional amounts may be available for borrowing during the term of the revolving loan, up to the remaining full 60.0 million, as long as the Company s maintains a net leverage ratio as stipulated in the 2021 Credit Facility. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s net leverage ratio met the requirement for the available borrowing as defined in the terms of the 2021 Credit Facility. The 2021 Credit Facility will mature on December 21, 2025. 
 
 Interest rates for the 2021 Credit Facility was calculated as the fluctuating bank prime rate plus the applicable margin of 2.0 or, for portions of the debt converted to Euro Loans, the quoted LIBOR rate plus the applicable margin of 3.0 . The Company must also pay an annual commitment fee of 0.40 on the unused portion of the 60.0 million revolving loan commitment. As of December 31, 2022, the effective interest rate on the Company s 2021 Credit Facility was 5.15 . Total cash interest paid during the year ended December 31, 2022 was 20.1 million, an increase of 9.9 million compared to the prior year. 
 
 The 2021 Credit Facility contains customary covenants, including among other things, certain restrictions or limitations on indebtedness, issuance of liens, investments, asset sales, certain mergers or consolidations, sales, transfers, leases or dispositions of substantially all of the Company s assets, and affiliate transactions. The Company may also be required to make repayments on the 2021 Credit Facility in advance of the maturity date based on a calculation of excess cash flows, as defined in the agreement, with any required payments to be made after the issuance of the Company s annual financial statements. The Company made an excess cash flow payment of 13.8 million in the year ended December 31, 2022 per the terms of the 2021 Credit Facility. The Company was in compliance with all financial covenants under the 2021 Credit Facility as of December 31, 2022. See Note 7 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 On February 28, 2023, the Company amended its 2021 Credit Facility to, among other things, transition from bearing interest based on LIBOR to SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the 2021 Credit Facility), at the election of the Company, plus an applicable margin, and to reflect the waiver of a technical default under the 2021 Credit Facility, related to the delayed delivery of a pledge of its interests in Holdings by the parent Company i.e., CompoSecure, Inc. Holdings had already pledged all of its assets in favor of the lenders as per the terms of the debt agreement. After the amendment on February 28, 2023, the interest rate spreads and fees under the 2021 Credit Facility will be based on a quoted SOFR plus an applicable margin ranging from 2.0 to 3.0 for the revolving and term loan Term Benchmark and RFR Spread debt (as each term is defined in the 2021 Credit Facility). The Alternate Base Rate margin under the old LIBOR rate before the transition would have been ranging from 2.00 to 3.00 for each such portion of debt. 
 61 

On April 19, 2021, concurrently with the execution of the Merger Agreement, the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Holdings entered into subscription agreements (the Note Subscription Agreements with certain investors ("Notes Investors") pursuant to which such Notes investors, severally and not jointly, purchased on the Closing Date of the Business Combination, senior notes (the Exchangeable Notes issued by the Company and guaranteed by the Company's wholly owned subsidiary, Holdings in an aggregate principal amount of up to 130.0 million that are exchangeable into shares of Class A common stock at a conversion price of 11.50 per share, subject to the terms and conditions of an Indenture entered by the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Holdings and the trustee under the Indenture. The Exchangeable Notes will bear interest at a rate of 7 per annum. Interest is payable semi-annually in arrears on each June 15 and December 15, which commenced on June 15, 2022, to holders of record at the close of business on the preceding June 1 and December 1 (whether or not such day is a Business Day), respectively. Additional interest may be payable as set forth in the Indenture. The Exchangeable Notes will mature in five years on December 27, 2026, and be convertible into shares of Class A common stock at a conversion price of 11.50 per share. The Company will settle any exchange of the Exchangeable Notes in shares of Class A common stock, with cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares. See Note 7 in Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in this Form 10-K for additional information. 
 
 Net Cash Provided by Operations 
 
 Cash provided by the Company s operating activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 92.8 million compared to cash provided by its operating activities of 77.8 million during the year ended December 31, 2021. The increase in cash provided by operating activities of 15.0 million was primarily attributable to an increase in net income of 48.4 million, equity compensation expense of 11.5 million, amortization of deferred financing costs of 2.3 million, depreciation and amortization expense of 8.6 million, inventory reserve of 1.7 million and deferred tax expense of 3.2 million. This was partially offset by changes in mark to market fair value net changes of 42.5 million and changes in working capital of 23.7 million. 
 Net Cash Used in Investing 
 Cash used in the Company s investing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 9.1 million, primarily relating to capital expenditures, compared to cash used in investing activities of 4.7 million for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 Net Cash Used in Financing 
 Cash used in the Company s financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 was 92.0 million, compared to cash used in the Company's financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2021 of 64.5 million. Cash used in financing activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 primarily related to payment of issuance costs related to the Business Combination of 23.8 million, repayment of scheduled and excess cash flow principal payments on the term loan of 16.9 million, principal payment on the line of credit of 15.0 million, and tax distributions to non-controlling interest holders of 36.3 million. Cash used for the year ended December 31, 2021 primarily related to distributions to then equity holders pursuant to the consummation of the Business Combination on December 27, 2021 and repayments of debt related to the Company s prior credit facility, partially offset by cash drawn under the 2021 Credit Facility, Exchangeable Notes and capital raised through the PIPE pursuant to the Business Combination. 
 Contractual Obligations 
 
 The following table summarizes, as of December 31, 2022, the Company s material expected contractual cash obligations by future period (see Notes 7, 8 and 16 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements): 
 
 62 

Payments due by Period 1 year or less Years 2-3 Years 4-5 After Year 5 Total amounts in thousands) Long-term Debt (1) 14,372 218,750 130,000 363,122 Operating Leases (2) 4,322 2,794 10,470 Tax Receivable Agreement Liability (3) 2,367 2,848 3,005 17,162 25,382 Total 18,888 225,920 135,799 18,367 398,974 
 
 (1) Includes principal only. See Note 7 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (2) See Note 8 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 (3) The Company is obligated to make payments under the tax receivable agreement to holders of interests in Holdings. See Note 2 and 16 to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had inventory-related purchase commitments totaling approximately 60.0 million. 

Financing 
 
 The Company is party to the 2021 Credit Facility with various banks and an issuer of Exchangeable Notes to certain holders. For a more complete description of the Company's debt obligations, see Note 7 of Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements in the Audited Consolidated Financial Statements of the Company in this report Form 10-K. 

Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 Interest Rate Risk 
 In addition to existing cash balances and cash provided by operating activities, the Company uses variable rate debt to finance its operations. The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on these debt obligations and a related interest rate swap agreement. As of December 31, 2022, CompoSecure had 233.1 million in debt outstanding under the 2021 Credit Facility, all of which was variable rate debt and 130.0 million in long-term debt principal outstanding from the issuance of the Exchangeable Notes. 
 
 The Company performed a sensitivity analysis based on the principal amount of debt outstanding as of December 31, 2022, as well as the effect of its interest rate swap agreement. In this sensitivity analysis, the change in interest rates is assumed to be applicable for an entire year. An increase or decrease of 100 basis points in the applicable interest rate would cause an increase or decrease in interest expense of approximately 4.0 million on an annual basis. 
 
 On January 11, 2022, CompoSecure entered into an interest rate swap agreement to hedge forecasted interest rate payments on its variable rate debt. As of December 31, 2022, the Company had the following interest rate swap agreements (in thousands): 
 
 Effective Dates Notional Amount Fixed Rate January 5, 2022 through December 5, 2023 125,000 1.06 December 5, 2023 through December 22, 2025 125,000 1.90 
 
 Under the terms of the interest rate swap agreement, the Company receives payments based on the greater of 1-month LIBOR rate or a minimum of 1.00 . 
 
 63 

The Company has designated the interest rate swap as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes that was determined to be effective. The Company determined the fair value of the interest rate swap to be zero at the inception of the agreement and 8.7 million at December 31, 2022. The Company reflects the realized gains and losses of the actual monthly settlement activity of the interest rate swap in its consolidated statements of operations. The Company reflects the unrealized changes in fair value of the interest rate swap at each reporting period in other comprehensive income and a derivative asset or liability is recognized at each reporting period in the Company s financial statements. On February 28, 2023, the Company amended its credit facility to, among other things, transition from bearing interest based on LIBOR to SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate (as defined in the 2021 Credit Facility), at the election of the Company, plus an applicable margin. The Company expects that the existing swap will convert to SOFR at the same time as the secured credit facility converts. 

64 

ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

 COMPOSECURE, INC. 
 Table of Contents to the Consolidated Financial Statements 

Page Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID Number 
 66 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 67 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 68 
 Consolidated Statement of Comprehensive " income " 
 81 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders' Equity 
 70 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 71 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 72 

65 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

 Board of Directors and Stockholders' 
 CompoSecure, Inc. 

Opinion on the financial statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of CompoSecure, Inc. (a Delaware corporation) and subsidiaries (the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income, changes in stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022, and 2021, and the results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America . 
 
 Basis for opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 
 
 Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ 
 We have served as the Company s auditor since 2015. 
 
 March 10, 2023 
 
 66 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Consolidated Balance Sheets in thousands, except par value and share amounts) 

 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 ASSETS CURRENT ASSETS Cash and cash equivalents Accounts receivable, net Inventories Prepaid expenses and other current assets Total current assets Property and equipment, net Right of use asset, net Deferred tax asset Derivative asset- interest rate swap Deposits and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT CURRENT LIABILITIES Current portion of long-term debt Current portion of lease liabilities Accounts payable Accrued expenses Issuance costs payable Commission payable Bonus payable Total current liabilities Long-term debt, net of deferred finance costs Convertible notes Derivative liability - convertible notes redemption make-whole provision Warrant liability Line of credit Lease liabilities Tax receivable agreement liability Earnout consideration liability Total liabilities Commitments and contingencies (Note 16) Redeemable non-controlling interest Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized, shares issued and outstanding 
 Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized, and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized and shares issued and outstanding as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 Additional paid in capital Accumulated other comprehensive income Accumulated deficit ) ) Total stockholders' deficit ) ) TOTAL LIABILITIES AND STOCKHOLDERS' DEFICIT 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 67 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Consolidated Statements of Operations in thousands except per share amounts) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net sales Cost of sales Gross profit Operating expenses: Selling, general and administrative expenses Income from operations Other income (expense): Revaluation of warrant liability Revaluation of earnout consideration liability Change in fair value of derivative liability - convertible notes redemption make-whole provision Interest expense, net of interest income of , and in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively 
 ) ) ) Amortization of deferred financing costs ) ) ) Other income Total other income (expense), net ) Income before income taxes Income tax (expense) benefit ) Net income Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests (1) Net income attributable to CompoSecure, Inc (1) Net income per share attributable to Class A common stockholders - basic (2) n/a Net income per share attributable to Class A common stockholders - diluted (2) n/a Weighted average shares used to compute net income per share attributable to Class A common stockholders - basic n/a Weighted average shares used to compute net income per share attributable to Class A common stockholders - diluted n/a 
 
 (1) 
 
 (2) . 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 68 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income in thousands) 

 Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Net income Other comprehensive income, net: Unrealized gain on derivative - interest rate swap (net of tax) Total other comprehensive income, net Comprehensive income 
 69 

COMPOSECURE, INC. CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY (in thousands, except share data) 

Class A Common Stock Class B Common Stock Additional Paid-in Accumulated Other Accumulated Total Stockholders' Redeemable Non-Controlling Shares Amount Shares Amount Capital Comprehensive Income Deficit Equity Interest Balance as of December 31, 2019 ) ) Distributions ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income Balance as of December 31, 2020 ) ) Distributions ) ) Business combination, PIPE financing and others ) ) Stock-based compensation Net income Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interests to redemption value ) ) Balance as of December 31, 2021 ) ) Distributions to non-controlling interests ) Stock-based compensation Issuance costs related to business combination ) ) Proceeds from exercises of options Net income Class A common stock issued pursuant to equity-based plans, net of shares withheld for taxes and Class B common stock exchanges ) Class A common stock issued in connection with employee stock purchase plan Unrealized gain on derivative - interest rate swap Tax receivable agreement liability Adjustment of redeemable non-controlling interests to redemption value ) Balance as of December 31, 2022 ) ) 
 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 70 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows in thousands) 

Years Ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Cash flows from operating activities Net income Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating activities Depreciation Equity-based compensation expense Inventory reserve Amortization of deferred finance costs Change in fair value of earnout consideration liability ) ) Revaluation of warrant liability ) ) Change in fair value of derivative liability ) Deferred tax benefit ) Changes in assets and liabilities Accounts receivable ) ) Inventories ) ) Prepaid expenses and other assets ) ) ) Accounts payable ) Accrued expenses Deposits and other assets ) Other liabilities ) Net cash provided by operating activities Cash flows from investing activities Acquisition of property and equipment ) ) ) Net cash used in investing activities ) ) ) Cash flows from financing activities Business combination and PIPE financing Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan and exercise of equity awards Proceeds from convertible notes Proceeds from line of credit Payment of line of credit ) ) Proceeds from term loan Payment of term loan ) ) ) Payment of tax receivable agreement liability ) Deferred finance costs related to debt origination ) ) Distributions pursuant to the business combination ) Distributions ) ) ) Issuance cost related to business combination ) ) Net cash used in financing activities ) ) ) Net increase (decrease) in cash and cash equivalents ) ) Cash and cash equivalents, beginning of period Cash and cash equivalents, end of period Supplementary disclosure of cash flow information: Cash paid for interest expense Supplemental disclosure of non-cash financing activities: Derivative asset - interest rate swap Issuance costs payable 
 The accompanying notes are an integral part of these financial statements. 
 71 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

1. 
 par value per share issued to Holdings' equity holders in connection with 
 72 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

2. 
 All dollar amounts are in thousands, unless otherwise noted. Share and per share amounts are presented on a post-conversion basis for periods presented prior to the Business Combination, unless otherwise noted. 
 
 The global outbreak of the COVID-19 pandemic continues to rapidly evolve. Over the past several years, the Company has taken a number of measures to monitor and mitigate the effects of COVID-19, such as safety and health measures for employees and securing the supply of materials that are essential to the Company s production process. To date, the impact on the Company s business and results of operations has not been significant. Any future impact of the pandemic on our operations will depend on future developments, which are uncertain and cannot be predicted and which could result in business disruption. 
 
 Use of Estimates 
 
 See Note 7, 10 and 12 for further discussion of the nature of these assumptions and conditions. 
 73 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

Accounts Receivable 
 
 The Company did t recognize any accounts receivable allowance for doubtful accounts at December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Inventories 

Property and Equipment 
 . Leasehold improvements are recorded at cost, less accumulated amortization, which is computed on straight-line basis over the shorter of the useful lives of the assets or the remaining lease term. Expenditures for maintenance and repairs are charged to expense as incurred. The Company evaluates the depreciation periods of property and equipment to determine whether events or circumstances indicate that the asset s carrying value is not recoverable or warrant revised estimates of useful lives. 
 
 Revenue Recognition 
 t have any contract assets or liabilities as of December 31, 2022 and 2021. 
 
 The Company invoices its customers at the time at which control is transferred, with payment terms ranging between and days depending on each individual contract. As the payment is due within days of the invoice, a significant financing component is not included within the contracts. 
 74 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 75 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

Shipping and Handling Costs 
 Total Shipping and handling costs were approximately , , and , for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 Advertising 
 , , and for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively, were included in selling, general and administrative expenses in the consolidated statements of operations. 
 
 Income Taxes 
 
 76 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, Holdings distributed a total of of tax distributions to its members, of which was paid to CompoSecure, Inc. (the parent company), resulting in a net tax distribution to all other members of 
 
 Equity-Based Compensation 

Earnout Consideration 
 additional (i) shares of the Company's class A common stock or (ii) Holdings' Units (and a corresponding number of shares of the Company's class B common stock), as applicable, in earnout consideration based on the achievement of certain stock price thresholds (collectively, the Earnouts ). The valuation of the Earnouts was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilizes significant assumptions, including volatility, that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award to calculate the fair value of the award. The Company classifies the Earnouts as liabilities at their fair value on the consolidated balance sheet and adjusts the fair value at each reporting period. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date until exercised, and any change in fair value is recognized in revaluation of Earnout consideration liability in the Company's consolidated statements of operations. A portion of the liability was considered compensation and fully expensed at December 27, 2021. See Note 10 and 12. 
 
 Warrant Liability 

Tax Receivable Agreement Liability 
 
 of the amount of savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes as a result of the utilization of certain tax attributes. The tax receivable agreement will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired unless the Company exercises its right to terminate the agreement for an amount representing the present value of anticipated future tax benefits under the tax receivable agreement. The Company will retain the benefit of the remaining 10 of these cash tax savings. The Company recorded and in tax receivable agreement liability as of December 
 77 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 in the year ended December 31, 2022 to the TRA Holders pursuant to the savings in U.S. federal, state and local income taxes that the Company realized as a result of the utilization of certain tax attributes for the fiscal year 2021. 
 
 Selling, General and Administrative 
 Included in SG A during the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were salaries and commissions of , , and , and professional fees of , , and , respectively. 
 
 Net Income (Loss) Per Share 

See Note 15. 
 
 Market and Credit Risk 

The Company has not experienced any losses on such accounts. 
 
 78 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

See Note 12. 
 
 Segments 
 
 business as the entire business is managed by a single management team that reports to the Chief Executive Officer and President. The Company's chief operating decision-maker ("CODM") is its Chief Executive Officer and President, who makes resource allocation decisions and assesses performance based on financial information presented on an aggregate basis. The Company does not operate separate lines of business with respect to any of its products and does not review discrete financial information to allocate resources to separate products or by location. Accordingly, the Company views its business as reportable operating segment. 
 
 Characteristics of the organization which were relied upon in making the determination that the Company operates in reportable segment include the similar nature of all of the products that the Company sells, the functional alignment of the Company s organizational structure, and the reports that are regularly reviewed by the CODM for the purpose of assessing performance and allocating resources. 
 
 Recent Accounting Pronouncements Adopted 

79 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

Recent Accounting Pronouncements Not Yet Adopted 
 
 See Note 7. 

3. 
 
 vote per issued share and were issued on a -for- basis for each Holdings Unit retained by the holder following the Merger; the holders of outstanding options to purchase Holdings equity received a combination of cash consideration and options to purchase shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company and the Company received all of the voting units in Holdings. 
 80 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 additional (i) shares of Class A Common Stock or (ii) Holdings Units (and a corresponding number of shares of Class B Common Stock), as applicable, in earn-out consideration based on the achievement of certain stock price thresholds (collectively, the Earnouts ). 
 
 Concurrent with Closing, the Company entered into a tax receivable agreement (the Tax Receivable Agreement with Holdings and holders of interests in Holdings. Pursuant to the Tax Receivable Agreement, the Company is required to pay to participating holders of membership units in Holdings of the amount of savings, if any, in U.S. federal, state and local income tax that the Company actually realizes as a result of the utilization of certain tax attributes. In addition, concurrent with the Closing, the Company entered into a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement with certain equity holders of the Company relating to the voting for directors of the Company and containing certain lock-up restrictions, as well as a registration rights agreement that provides customary registration rights to certain equity holders of the Company. 
 
 In connection with the execution of the Business Combination, the Company entered into separate subscription agreements (each, a "Subscription Agreement") with a number of investors ("Note Holders"), pursuant to which the Note Holders agreed to purchase, and the Company agreed to sell to the Note Holders, an aggregate of shares of the Company's class A common stock (the "PIPE Shares"), for a purchase price of per share and an aggregate purchase price of , in a private placement pursuant to the subscription agreements (the "PIPE"). The PIPE investment closed simultaneously with the consummation of the Business Combination. 
 
 The Business Combination is accounted for as a reverse recapitalization in accordance with GAAP. Under this method of accounting, Roman DBDR was treated as the "acquired" company for financial reporting purposes. See Note 1, Description of Organization and Business Operations, for further details. Accordingly, for accounting purposes, the Business Combination was treated as the equivalent of Holdings issuing stock for the net assets of Roman DBDR, accompanied by a recapitalization. The net assets of Roman DBDR are stated at historical cost, with no goodwill or other intangible assets recorded. 
 
 Cash - PIPE (Common) Cash - PIPE (Exchangeable Notes) Less: transaction costs and advisory fees paid ) Net Business Combination and PIPE financing 

The following table describes the number of shares of common stock issued immediately following the consummation of the Business Combination: 
 81 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

Less: redemption of Roman DBDR shares ) Common stock of Roman DBDR Roman DBDR Founder Shares Shares issued in PIPE Business Combination and PIPE financing shares - Class A common stock Class B common stock held by Holdings Total shares of common stock - Class A and Class B immediately after Business Combination 

4. 
 , and of total revenue in 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

5. 
 Work in process Finished goods Inventory reserve ) ) 
 
 The Company reviews inventory for slow moving or obsolete amounts based on expected product sales volume and provides reserves against the carrying amount of inventory as appropriate. 

6. 

82 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 - years 
 Furniture and fixtures - years 
 Computer equipment - years 
 Leasehold improvements Shorter of lease term or estimated useful life Vehicles years Software - years 
 Construction in progress Total Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Property and equipment, net 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, was , , and , respectively. 

7. 
 that are exchangeable into shares of Class A common stock at a conversion price of per share, subject to the terms and conditions of an Indenture entered by the Company and its wholly owned subsidiary, Holdings and the trustee under the Indenture. The Exchangeable Notes will bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable semiannually in arrears. The Exchangeable Notes will mature in on December 27, 2026. The Company will settle any exchange of the Exchangeable Notes in shares of Class A common stock, with cash payable in lieu of any fractional shares. In connection with the issuance of the Exchangeable Notes, the Company entered into a Registration Rights Agreement, pursuant to which the Notes Investors received certain registration rights with respect to the Class A Common Stock. 
 
 After the anniversary of the Closing Date, the Exchangeable Notes will be redeemable at any time and from time to time by the Company, in whole or in part, (i) if the Last Reported Sale Price of the Class A common stock exceeds of the exchange price as defined in Indenture then in effect for at least trading days (whether or not consecutive) during any consecutive trading day period (including the last trading day of such period) ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date on which the Company provides notice of redemption and (ii) so long as a registration statement registering the resale of all Exchange Shares is effective and available for use by holders of Exchangeable Notes during the entirety of the period from and including the date notice of redemption is given to and including the date of redemption. The notice period for any redemption will be no less than scheduled trading days. The redemption price in any such redemption shall be equal to (a) of the principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes to be redeemed, plus (b) accrued and unpaid interest to, but excluding, the redemption date. The redemption price is payable in cash. 
 
 83 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 VWAP with regard to the Class A common stock during the five trading period beginning on the trading day immediately following the notice of redemption. 
 
 Holders of Exchangeable Notes may exchange their notes in whole or in part, at any time or from time to time, for shares of the Company s Class A common stock, par value per share up to a maximum exchange rate of 99.9999 shares per 1,000 principal amount after adjustments as defined in the indenture. 
 
 Exchangeable Notes contains customary anti-dilution adjustments, taking into account the agreed terms in Indenture. To avoid doubt, among other customary adjustments, this will include anti-dilution protections for dividends and distributions of the Company's capital stock, assets and indebtedness. Per terms of the Indenture, the following are the anti-dilution adjustments of the Exchange Rate: 
 
 a. If the Company exclusively issues shares of common stock as a dividend or distribution on shares of the common stock, or if the Company effects a share split or share combination; 
 
 b. If the Company issues to all or substantially all holders of the common stock any rights, options or warrants (other than pursuant to a stockholders rights plan) entitling them, for a period of not more than calendar days after the announcement date of such issuance, to subscribe for or purchase shares of the common stock at a price per share that is less than the average of the last reported sale prices of the common stock for the consecutive trading day period ending on, and including, the trading day immediately preceding the date of announcement of such issuance; 
 
 c. If the Company distributes shares of its capital Stock, evidences of its indebtedness, other assets or property of the Company or rights, options or warrants to acquire its capital Stock or other securities of the Company, to all or substantially all holders of the common stock; 
 
 d. If any cash dividend or distribution is made to all or substantially all holders of the common stock 
 
 e. If the Company or any of its Subsidiaries make a payment in respect of a tender or exchange offer for the common Stock, to the extent that the cash and value of any other consideration included in the payment per share of the common stock exceeds the average of the last reported sale prices of the common stock over the consecutive trading day period commencing on, and including, the trading day next succeeding the last date on which tenders or exchanges may be made pursuant to such tender or exchange offer. 
 
 The exchange rate will in no event be adjusted down pursuant to the provisions described above, except to the extent a tender or exchange offer is announced but not consummated. 
 
 If the Company undergoes a fundamental change (as defined in the Indenture), subject to certain conditions, the exchange rate will be adjusted per the adjustment table included in the Indenture. If a fundamental change occurs at any time prior to the maturity date, each holder shall have the right, at such holder s option, to require the Company to repurchase for cash all of such holder s Exchangeable Notes at a repurchase price equal to of the principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes to be repurchased, plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. There is no make-whole payment associated with a fundamental change redemption. 
 
 Holders of Exchangeable Notes will be entitled to the resale registration rights under the resale Registration Rights Agreement. If a Registration default occurs, additional interest will accrue, equal to in the first 90 days and 
 84 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 in aggregate principal amount of the Exchangeable Notes may declare of the principal of, and accrued and unpaid interest on, all the Notes to be due and payable immediately, and upon any such declaration, the same shall become and shall automatically be immediately due and payable. Upon an event of default in the payment of interest, the Company may elect the sole remedy to be the payment of additional interest of for the first 90 days after the occurrence of such an event of default and for day s 91-180 after the occurrence of such an event of default. 
 
 The Company assessed all terms and features of the Exchangeable Notes in order to identify any potential embedded features that would require bifurcation. As part of this analysis, the Company assessed the economic characteristics and risks of the Exchangeable Notes, including the conversion, put and call features. In consideration of these provisions, the Company determined that the optional redemption with a make-whole provision feature required bifurcation. The fair value of the optional redemption with a make-whole provision feature derivative was determined based on the difference between the fair value of the notes with the redemption with a make-whole provision feature and the fair value of the notes without the redemption with a make-whole provision feature. The Company employed a Lattice model and to determine that the fair value of the derivative upon issuance of the Exchangeable Notes was and recorded this amount as derivative liability with an offsetting amount as a debt discount as a reduction to the carrying value of the notes on the closing date, or December 27, 2021. The optional redemption with a make-whole provision feature will be measured at fair value on a quarterly basis and the change in the fair value for the period will be recorded on the consolidated statements of operations. The Company determined that the change in fair value from December 27, 2021 to December 31, 2021 was not material. The Company performed a valuation of the derivative liability for the year ended December 31, 2022 and determined that the fair value of the derivative liability was at December 31, 2022 representing a change in fair value of for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 The Company determined that the expected life of the Exchangeable Notes was equal to the period through December 27, 2026 as this represents the point at which the Exchangeable Notes will mature unless earlier converted in accordance with their terms prior to such date. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and December 31,2021, the Company recognized and , respectively, of interest expense related to the Exchangeable Notes at the effective interest rate of . The fair value of the Company s Exchangeable Notes approximate the carrying value of the debt. 
 
 In connection with the issuance of the Exchangeable Notes, the Company incurred approximately of debt issuance costs, which primarily consisted of underwriting fees, and allocated these costs to the liability component and recorded as a reduction in the carrying amount of the debt liability on the balance sheet. The portion allocated to the Exchangeable Notes is amortized to interest expense over the expected life of the Exchangeable Notes using the effective interest method. 
 
 Term Loan 
 
 In November of 2020, the Company through its wholly-owned subsidiary Holdings entered into a new agreement with JPMC to refinance its then existing July 2019 credit facility, increasing the maximum aggregate amount available under the term loan to bringing total credit facility to . In addition, the maturity date of both the revolver and term loan was amended to November 5, 2023. This amendment was accounted for as a modification and approximately of additional costs incurred in connection with the modification capitalized as debt issuance costs. In connection with the amendment, the prior outstanding balance were paid-off. Further, of the lenders in the original agreement did not participate in the amended debt agreement. As such, the balance related to that lender was written off by the Company. 
 
 85 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 bringing total credit facility to . In addition, the maturity date of both the revolver and term loan was amended to December 16, 2025. This amendment was accounted for as a modification and approximately of additional costs incurred in connection with the modification capitalized as debt issuance costs. 
 
 Interest on the Revolver and Term Loan were based the outstanding principal amount during the interest period multiplied by the fluctuating bank prime rate plus the applicable margin of or for portions of the debt converted to Euro Loans, the quoted LIBOR rate plus the applicable margin of . At December 31, 2022 and 2021, the effective interest rate on the Revolver and Term Loan was and per annum, respectively. Interest is payable monthly in arrears or upon maturity of the Euro loans that can run 30, 90, 120, 180 day time periods. The Company must pay quarterly an annual commitment fee of on the unused portion of the million Revolver commitment. 
 
 The 2021 Credit Facility is secured by substantially all of the assets of the Company. The terms of the credit facility imposes financial covenants including a minimum interest coverage ratio, a maximum total debt to EBITDA ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. At December 31, 2022, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 
 The Company recognized , and , of interest expense related to the Exchangeable Notes, Revolver and Term Loan for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The terms of the credit facilities contain certain financial covenants including a minimum interest coverage ratio, a maximum total debt to EBITDA ratio and a minimum fixed charge coverage ratio. The Company made an excess cash flow payment of related to the credit facilities in the year ended December 31, 2022 per the terms of the facilities. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, the Company was in compliance with all financial covenants. 
 As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were and balances outstanding on the Revolver. At December 31, 2022, there was of availability for borrowing under the Revolver. 
 
 Less: current portion of term loan (scheduled payments) ) ) Less: debt discount and debt issuance costs, net ) ) Total long-term debt Derivative liability - redemption with make-whole provision 

2024 2025 2026 Total debt 
 
 86 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 of the November 2020 interest rate swap agreement. At December 31, 2022, the Company s interest rate swap contract outstanding had a notional amount of maturing in December 2025. The Company has designated the interest rate swap as a cash flow hedge for accounting purposes utilizing the hypothetical derivative method. The Company has determined the fair value of the interest rate swap to be at the inception of the agreement and at December 31, 2022. The Company reflects the realized gains and losses of the actual monthly settlement activity of the interest rate swap in its consolidated statements of operations. The Company reflects the unrealized changes in fair value of the interest rate swap at each reporting period in other comprehensive income and a derivative asset or liability is recognized at each reporting period in the Company s financial statements. 
 
 to for the revolving and term loan Term Benchmark and RFR Spread debt (as each term is defined in the 2021 Credit Facility). The Alternate Base Rate margin under the old LIBOR rate before the transition would have been ranging from to for each such portion of debt. The Company expects that the existing interest rate swap will convert to SOFR at the same time as the secured credit facility converts. 

87 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 8. 
 
 and lease liabilities of at January 1, 2021. The difference between the ROU assets and the lease liabilities were primarily due to unamortized lease incentive and deferred rent related to the Company s operating leases at December 31, 2020. 
 
 The interest rate implicit in lease contracts is typically not readily determinable. As such, the Company utilized its incremental borrowing rate IBR ), which is the rate incurred to borrow on a collateralized basis over a similar term an amount equal to the lease payments in a similar economic environment. In calculating the present value of the lease payments, the Company elected to utilize its incremental borrowing rate based on the remaining lease terms as of the January 1, 2021, i.e. the date of adoption. The Company utilized a synthetic credit rating model including fundamental analysis per S P Global Market Intelligence. The Company then utilized the Bloomberg BVAL Pricing Source to determine the option-adjusted spread and added the United States Treasury Constant Maturity for the applicable terms to determine the term structure of the IBR. Based on these calculations, the Company determined applicable discount rates for various points along the yield curve as of January 1, 2021. As a reasonableness check for the yield curve, the Company considered its revolving credit agreement amendment on November 5, 2020, which extended the term of the agreement through November 5, 2023. The base interest rate on the term loan under such credit facility was calculated as LIBOR plus bps which approximated . This rate was generally consistent with the yield curve derived, thus the Company determined that the yield curve was appropriate for determining the discount rates for its leases. The Company then interpolated the discount rates in the yield curve to determine the discount rate for each of its existing leases at January 1, 2021. 
 
 Operating lease ROU assets and operating lease liabilities are recognized based on the present value of the future minimum lease payments over the lease term at the commencement date. The operating lease ROU asset also includes any lease payments made and excludes lease incentives incurred, if any. The Company s lease terms may include options to extend the lease when it is reasonably certain that we will exercise that option. Our leases have remaining lease terms of year to years, some of which include options to extend the lease term for up to years. The Company has elected the practical expedient to combine lease and non-lease components as a single component. The lease expense is recognized over the expected term on a straight-line basis. Operating leases are recognized on the balance sheet as right-of-use assets, current operating lease liabilities and non-current operating lease liabilities. 
 
 The new standard also provides practical expedients and certain exemptions for an entity s ongoing accounting. The Company has elected the short-term lease recognition exemption for all leases that qualify. This means, for those leases where the initial lease term is one year or less or for which the ROU asset at inception is deemed immaterial, the Company will not recognize ROU assets or lease liabilities. Those leases are expensed on a straight line basis over the term of the lease. 
 Operating Leases 
 The Company leases certain office space and manufacturing space under arrangements currently classified as leases under ASC 842. The Company recognizes lease expense for these leases on a straight-line basis over the lease term. Most leases include one or more options to renew, with renewal options ranging from to years. The exercise of lease renewal options is at the Company s sole discretion. 
 88 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 year renewal option. The lease provides for monthly payments of rent during the lease term. These payments consist of base rent, and additional rent covering customary items such as charges for utilities, taxes, operating expenses, and other facility fees and charges. The base rent is currently approximately per year, which reflects an annual escalation factor. The Company exercised its renewal option in December 2020. 
 Effective August 1, 2014, the Company entered into a lease for additional office and manufacturing space in Somerset, New Jersey terminating on July 31, 2018. The lease contains escalating rental payments. The Company has the option to extend the term for periods of each. The Company had exercised both renewal options with last one exercised in 2020 for additional expiring on August 31, 2023. The base rent is currently approximately per year, which reflects an annual escalation factor. 
 Effective June 16, 2016, the Company entered into a lease for a new facility. The lease contains escalating rental payments and terminates on September 30, 2026. The agreement also provides for a renewal option at a fixed rate. The base rent is currently approximately per year, which reflects an annual escalation factor. 
 Effective May 1, 2022, the Company entered into a lease for a new facility primarily for warehouse operations in Somerset, New Jersey terminating in 2029. The lease contains escalating rental payments, exclusive of required payments for increases in real estate taxes and operating costs over base period amounts. The agreement provides for renewal options. The lease provides for monthly payments of rent during the lease term. These payments consist of base rent, management fee and additional rent covering customary items such as charges for utilities, taxes, operating expenses, and other facility fees and charges. The base rent is currently approximately per year, which reflects an annual escalation factor. 
 Effective July 1, 2022, the Company entered into a lease for a new office facility in Somerset, New Jersey terminating in 2025. The lease contains escalating rental payments, exclusive of required payments for increases in real estate taxes and operating costs over base period amounts. The agreement provides for renewal option. The lease provides for monthly payments of rent during the lease term. These payments consist of base rent and additional rent covering customary items such as charges for utilities, taxes, operating expenses, and other facility fees and charges. The base rent is currently approximately per year, which reflects an annual escalation factor. 
 The Company s leases have remaining lease terms of to years. The Company does not include any renewal options in lease terms when calculating lease liabilities as the Company is not reasonably certain that it will exercise these options. Two of our leases include the early termination option in the lease term, however, it was not included in the lease terms when calculating the lease liability since the Company determined that it is reasonably certain it will not terminate the leases prior to the termination date. 
 The weighted-average remaining lease term for our operating leases was years at December 31, 2022. The weighted-average discount rate was at December 31, 2022. 
 Current lease liabilities Current portion of lease liabilities Non-current lease liabilities Non-current portion of lease liabilities 
 The Company has lease agreements that contain both lease and non-lease components. The Company accounts for lease components together with non-lease components (e.g., common-area maintenance). Variable lease costs are based on day to day common-area maintenance costs related to the lease agreements and are recognized as incurred. 
 
 89 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 Variable lease cost Total lease cost 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Later years Total lease payments Less: Imputed interest ) Present value of lease liabilities 
 Non-cash activity: Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations 
 90 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 9. 
 shares for issuance designated as Class A common stock, designated as Class B common stock and shares designated as preferred stock. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A Common Stock issued and outstanding, shares of Class B Common Stock issued and outstanding and shares of Preferred Stock issued and outstanding. 
 
 Warrants 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had shares private warrants outstanding. Each private warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase share of Class A common stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment, at any time commencing days after the completion of the Business Combination. The exercise price and number of common shares issuable upon exercise of the private warrants may be adjusted in certain circumstances including in the event of a share dividend, or recapitalization, reorganization, merger or consolidation. However, the private warrants will not be adjusted for issuance of common stock at a price below its exercise price. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had shares public warrants outstanding. Each public warrant entitles the registered holder to purchase one share of the Company s Class A Common Stock at a price of per share, subject to adjustment, at any time commencing days after the completion of the Business Combination. Pursuant to the warrant agreement, a warrant holder may exercise its warrants only for a whole number of shares. 
 
 Non-Controlling Interest 
 Non-controlling interests represent direct interests held in Holdings other than by the Company after the Business Combination. The non-controlling interests in the Company are represented by Class B Units, or such other equity securities in the Holdings as the Board may establish in accordance with the terms hereof. Since the non-controlling interests are redeemable for cash at the option of the Company subject to the terms and conditions, they have been classified as temporary equity on the consolidated balance sheet in accordance with ASC 480. Income tax benefit or provision is applied to the income attributable to the controlling interest as the income attributable to the non-controlling interest is pass-through income. The Company may only issue Class A Units to the parent CompoSecure, Inc.The non-controlling interest has been adjusted to redemption value as of December 31, 2022 in accordance with ASC 480-10. This measurement adjustment results in a corresponding adjustment to shareholders deficit through adjustments to additional paid-in capital and retained earnings. The redemption value of the Class B Units was on December 31, 2022. The redemption value is calculated by multiplying the Class B Units by the trading price of our Class A common stock on December 27, 2021. 

10. 

91 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 Earnout consideration Restricted stock unit expense Employee stock purchase plan Incentive units Total stock-based compensation expense 
 
 Equity Incentive Plan 
 
 In connection with the business combination consummated on December 27, 2021, the Company established CompoSecure, Inc. 2021 Incentive Equity Plan (the 2021 Plan effective as of December 27, 2021. The purpose of the 2021 Plan is to provide eligible employees of the Company and its subsidiaries, certain consultants and advisors who perform services for the Company or its subsidiaries, and non-employee members of the Board of directors of the Company, with the opportunity to receive grants of incentive stock options, nonqualified stock options, stock appreciation rights, stock awards, stock units, and other stock-based awards. The aggregate authorized number of shares of Class A common stock that may be issued or transferred as of December 31, 2022 under the Plan is shares of Class A common stock plus the number of shares of Class A stock underlying grants issued under the Company s existing amended and restated equity compensation Plan that expire, terminate or are otherwise forfeited without being exercised. Commencing with the first business day of each calendar year beginning in 2022, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Stock that may be issued or transferred under the Plan shall be increased by an amount of shares of Class A Stock equal to of the aggregate number of shares of Class A stock and Class B stock outstanding as of the last day of the immediately preceding calendar year, or such lesser number of shares of Class A Stock as may be determined by the Board. 
 
 In the year ended December 31, 2022, under the 2021 plan, the Company granted Restricted stock units RSU to employees generally vesting over a period of and . RSUs granted to board of directors generally vest over a period of . The restricted stock will generally be forfeited upon termination of an employee prior to vesting. The fair value of each RSU is based on the market value of our stock on the date of grant. The Company also awarded Performance stock units ("PSUs") to one officer in the year ended December 31, 2022, for which vesting was based on the achievement of certain performance targets. At the grant date, the Company performed a valuation which took into consideration all the key terms and conditions of the award under Topic 718. The valuation of the PSUs was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilizes significant assumptions, including volatility, that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award to calculate the fair value of the award. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 Expected volatility - 
 Expected dividends Expected forfeiture rate Expected term - years 

92 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Nonvested at December 31, 2022 
 
 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 Effective December 27, 2021, the Board of Directors approved the Employee Stock Purchase Plan (the ESPP ). The Company had authorized aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock reserved for sale pursuant to the ESPP Plan as of December 31, 2022. The ESPP permits participating eligible employees to purchase class A common stock, with after-tax payroll deductions, on a quarterly basis at a discount at the lower of the closing price of the Common Stock on the Nasdaq on the first day of the offering period or the last trading day of each purchase period. The Board may suspend or terminate the ESPP at any time to become effective immediately following the close of any offering period. As of December 31, 2022, there were shares of Class A common stock remaining authorized for issuance under the ESPP. The Company will recognize the discount on the Common Stock issued under the ESPP as stock-based compensation expense in the period in which the employees will begin participating in the ESPP. As of December 31, 2021, employee contributions had not yet commenced. For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company issued shares and recognized compensation expense of . 
 
 Holdings' 2015 Incentive Plan 
 
 Holdings' May 2015 equity incentive Plan (the 2015 Plan provided for the grant of options, Class C unit appreciation rights, restricted Class C units, unrestricted Class C unit awards and other equity awards to certain employees and officers. The exercise price of unit options granted under the 2015 Plan was equal to the fair market value of the Holdings members equity at the date of grant. Options vest and become exercisable incrementally over a and period, depending on the grant. The options also provided for accelerating vesting if there is a change in control as described in the Plan agreement. The options expire on the th anniversary of the grant date Outstanding awards under the 2017 Plan continue to be subject to the terms and conditions of the 2017 Plan. 
 
 Upon consummation of the Business Combination on December 27, 2021 (see Note 3), Holdings amended and restated its 2015 Plan and the holders of issued and outstanding equity of 2015 Plan received a combination of cash consideration, certain newly-issued membership units of Holdings and shares of newly-issued class B common stock of the Company, which have no economic value, but entitle the holder to vote per issued share and were issued on a -for-one basis for each Holdings Unit retained by the holder following the Merger. All incentive units available for grants under the 2015 Plan at the time of the consummation will be made available for new award grants under the 2021 Plan and no further awards will be granted under the 2015 Plan. As a result, all of the options, whether vested or unvested, outstanding immediately prior to the merger that were not settled as part of the transaction were assumed by the Company and converted into an option to purchase shares of class A common stock. Each converted options continue to have and be subject to substantially the same material terms and conditions as were applicable to such options under the 2015 Plan except that each converted option shall be exercisable for, and represent the right to acquire, that number of shares of Class A common stock equal to the product (rounded down to the nearest whole number) of (A) the number of Units subject to the converted option immediately before the merger effective time multiplied by (B) the equity award exchange Ratio at an exercise price per share equal to the quotient of (i) the exercise price per unit of such converted option immediately before the consummation of 
 93 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 options outstanding right before the Business Combination were recapitalized into options of which were settled and remained outstanding at December 31, 2021. A total of options were exercised in the year ended December 31, 2022 and options remained outstanding at December 31, 2022. There was no incremental expense recognized since the options were recapitalized with terms consistent with prior awards and there were no incremental changes to fair value. There were a total of grantees affected by the recapitalization. 
 
 Earnout Consideration 
 
 As a result of the Business Combination, certain of Holdings' equity holders have the right to receive an aggregate of up to additional (i) shares of the Company's class A common stock or (ii) Holdings' Units (and a corresponding number of shares of the Company's class B common stock), as applicable, in earnout consideration based on the achievement of certain stock price thresholds (collectively, the Earnouts ). There were a total of shares subject to ASC 718, or shares for each Phase since they were issued to the Company's employees. 
 
 Upon the transaction date, a valuation was performed which took into consideration all the key terms and conditions of the award, including the fact that, under Topic 718, there is no requisite service period due to the fact that there is no service condition prospectively, and as of the grant date there is no service inception date preceding the grant date on which to base historical valuation or expense amortization. As such, the award is considered to be immediately vested from a service perspective, and is solely contingent on meeting the hurdles required for the award to be settled. Since there is no future substantive risk of forfeiture, all expenses associated with the awards were accelerated and recognized on December 27, 2021. There were a total of shares subject to Topic 718 or shares per Phase with an intrinsic value of as of December 31, 2021. The Company recognized a total expense of related to Earnouts in its consolidated statements of operations for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 The valuation of the Earnouts was determined using a Monte Carlo simulation model that utilizes significant assumptions, including volatility, that determine the probability of satisfying the market condition stipulated in the award to calculate the fair value of the award. 
 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 Expected volatility - 
 Expected dividends Expected forfeiture rate Expected term - years 

Holdings' Options Valuation 
 
 Prior to the completion of the Business Combination the fair value of Holdings options was determined by using the Black-Scholes option valuation model based upon information available at the time of grant. The calculated value of each option award was estimated at the date of grant using the Black-Scholes option valuation model. The expected term 
 94 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 year Volatility Risk-free rate Expected dividends Expected forfeiture rate 
 
 Stock Options activity 
 
 Upon consummation of the Business Combination, Holdings' options were assumed by the Company and recapitalized. Because of the nature of the recapitalization in a Business Combination, the Company recalculated new fair values for the affected stock options and profits interest to preserve the total grant date fair value originally issued. All stock option activity was retroactively restated to reflect the exchanged options. 
 
 Granted Exercised Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Vested and expected to vest at December 31, 2022 Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 
 The weighted average calculated grant date fair value per time-vested option granted during the year ended December 31, 2020 was . The Company recognized approximately , , and of compensation expense for the options in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. 
 
 The number of options exercisable and vested as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 were , and respectively. The weighted average exercise price of options exercisable and vested is , , and 
 95 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 for years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The weighted average remaining contractual years term (years) per options exercisable as of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 is , , and , respectively. Unrecognized compensation expense for the options of approximately is expected to be recognized during the next . 
 
 Profits Interest (Incentive Units) 
 On May 11, 2017, the members of the Holdings executed a Limited Liability Company Agreement for an entity formed in 2016 titled CompoSecure Employee LLC. The purpose of the entity was to hold Operating Incentive units. In May 2017, the Company granted incentive units with a profits interest hurdle of . interests were granted during the period ended December 31, 2022. Upon consummation of the Business Combination on December 27, 2021, all of the incentive units, whether vested or unvested, outstanding immediately prior to the merger that were not settled as part of the transaction, were assumed by the Company and converted into class B common stock. The total class B common stock related to the conversion outstanding were as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 , , and of compensation expense for the incentive units in selling, general and administrative expenses in the accompanying consolidated statements of operations in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. No unrecognized compensation expense remained for the incentive units as of December 31, 2022. 

11. 
 days of service. The Company matches of the first and then of the next of 
 employee contributions. Retirement plan expense for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 was approximately , , and respectively. 
 
 Deferred Compensation Plan 
 year-over-year change in Earnings Before Interest Depreciation EBITDA that began in 2014. The total liability was at December 31, 2022 and 2021 and is recorded in other liabilities on the balance sheet. The Plan vests over a period according to the following vesting schedule: Year 1 , Year 2 , Year 3 , Year 4 , Year 5 , Year 6 , Year 7 . The plan was terminated in the year ended December 31, 2021. 

12 

96 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 Liabilities Carried at Fair Value: Public warrants Private warrants Earnout consideration Derivative liability - redemption with make-whole provision December 31, 2021 Liabilities Carried at Fair Value: Public warrants Private warrants Earnout consideration Derivative liability - redemption with make-whole provision 
 
 Derivative asset - interest rate swap 
 The Company is exposed to interest rate risk on variable interest rate debt obligations. To manage interest rate risk, the Company entered into an interest rate swap agreement on January 5, 2022. See Note 7. 
 
 Warrant Liability 
 
 As a result of the Business Combination, the Company had assumed warrant liability related to previously issued warrants in connection with Roman DBDR's initial public offering. The warrants were accounted for as liabilities in accordance with ASC 815-40 and are presented within warrant liabilities on our balance sheet. The warrant liabilities were remeasured at fair value with changes in fair value presented within revaluation of warrant liabilities in the statement of operations. 
 
 Change in estimated fair value ) Estimated fair value at December 31, 2021 Change in estimated fair value ) Estimated fair value at December 31, 2022 
 
 The Public Warrants were valued using the quoted market price as the fair value at the end of each balance sheet date. The Private Placement Warrants were valued using the Black Scholes Option Pricing Model. 

97 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 Risk-free interest rate Expected volatility Expected dividends Expected term (years) years years Common Stock market value 
 
 The fair value of warrants has been classified as a Level 3 liability as its valuation requires substantial judgment and estimation of factors that are not currently readily observable in the market. If different assumptions were used for the various inputs to the valuation approach, the estimated fair value could be significantly higher or lower than the fair value determined. 
 
 Earnout Consideration 
 
 Holdings' equity holders have the right to receive an aggregate of up to additional (i) shares of the Company's class A common stock or (ii) Holdings Units (and a corresponding number of shares of the Company's class B common stock), as applicable, in Earnout consideration based on the achievement of certain stock price thresholds. See also Note 10. Earnout consideration liabilities held by Holdings' holders (not including the holders under ASC 718) were determined to be derivative instruments in accordance with ASC 815 and were accounted as derivative liabilities, initially valued at fair value in accordance with ASC 815-40-30-1. Subsequently, the liability for Earnouts will be remeasured at each reporting period at fair value, with changes in fair value recorded in earnings in accordance with ASC 815-40-35-4. The Company established the initial fair value for the earnouts at the closing date on December 27, 2021 using a Monte Carlo simulation model. The Company remeasured the fair value of the earnouts at December 31, 2021 and December 31, 2022. 
 
 Change in estimated fair value ) Estimated fair value at December 31, 2021 Change in estimated fair value ) Estimated fair value at December 31, 2022 
 
 Risk-free interest rate - 
 - 
 Expected volatility - 
 Expected dividends Expected term (years) - years 
 - years 

98 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

13. 

International Total 
 
 The Company s principal direct customers as of December 31, 2022 consist primarily of leading international and domestic banks and other credit card issuers primarily within the U.S., Europe, Asia, Latin America, Canada, and the Middle East. The Company periodically assesses the financial strength of these customers and establishes allowances for anticipated losses, if necessary. 
 
 Two customers individually accounted for more than 10 of the Company s revenue or of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2022. Two customers individually accounted for more than 10 of the Company s revenue or of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2021. Two customers individually accounted for more than 10 of the Company s revenue or of total revenue for the year ended December 31, 2020. Two customers individually accounted for more than 10 of the Company s accounts receivable or approximately as of December 31, 2022 and two customers individually accounted for 10 of total accounts receivable or as of December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The Company primarily relied on two vendor that individually accounted for more than of purchases of supplies for the year ended December 31, 2022. The Company primarily relied on two vendors that individually accounted for more than of purchases of supplies for the year ended December 31, 2021. 

14. 
 
 for the year ended December 31, 2022 and income tax benefit of for the prorated period from December 27, 2021 to December 31, 2021. No provisions/benefits were made for federal or state income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2020 as prior to the Business Combination, the Company was not subject to income taxes due to the then equity structure of the Company and was subject to pass through income taxes. Federal, state and local income tax returns for years prior to 2019 are no longer subject to examination by tax authorities. The Company is currently under audit by federal tax authorities for fiscal 2020. There have been no proposed adjustments at this stage of the examination.The examination is expected to be finalized in fiscal 2023. The Company does not expect any material impact to the financial statements due to settlement of this audit. 

99 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 Income before income taxes attributable to period subsequent to business combination for the year ended December 31, 2021 (1) 
 
 (1) The income before income taxes for the year ended December 31, 2021 was attributable only to prorated period subsequent to the consummation of the Business Combination on December 27, 2021. 
 
 The Company calculated income taxes on prorated income only for the days remaining subsequent to the Business Combination for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 State Deferred: Federal ) State ) ) ) Total Provision (benefit) from income taxes ) 
 
 State taxes Valuation allowances NCI adjustment ) ) Permanent differences ) ) OCI Adjustment ) Other temporary differences ) Effective income tax rate ) 
 
 The Company s overall effective tax rate is affected primarily by the non-controlling interest adjustment as the income attributable to the non-controlling interest is pass-through income. 
 
 100 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 Imputed Interest Earnout consideration liability Net operating loss carryforward Total deferred tax assets valuation allowance ) ) Total deferred tax assets net of valuation allowance 
 
 The deferred taxes primarily result from the Business Combination where the Company recorded a carryover basis on all assets for financial accounting purposes and a fair value step-up on a portion of the assets for income tax purposes. The Company s deferred tax asset was reviewed for expected utilization using a more likely than not approach by assessing the available positive and negative evidence surrounding its recoverability. Accordingly, a valuation allowance has been recorded against the Company s deferred tax asset, as it was determined that it was more likely than not that the Company s deferred tax assets would not be fully realized. As of December 31, 2022, the Company determined that considering all of these factors, a valuation allowance would be established, an increase in valuation allowance of compared to the year ended December 31, 2021. The Company will continue to assess and evaluate strategies that will enable the deferred tax asset, or portion thereof, to be utilized, and will reduce the valuation allowance appropriately at such time when it is determined that the more likely than not criteria is satisfied. 
 
 There were significant uncertain tax positions taken, or expected to be taken, in a tax return that would be determined to be an unrecognized tax benefit taken or expected to be taken in a tax return that should have been recorded on the Company s financial statements for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. Additionally, there were interest or penalties outstanding as of the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 On March 27, 2020, the U.S. government enacted the Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act ). Under the provisions of the CARES Act, the Company is eligible for a refundable employee retention credit subject to certain criteria. In connection with the CARES Act, the Company adopted a policy to recognize the employee retention credit when realized under ASC 450-30. Accordingly, the Company recorded a employee retention credit during the year ended December 31, 2022, which is reported as other income in the statements of operations. 

15. 

101 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 Less: Net income attributable to non-controlling interest Net income attributable to Class A Common shareholders Plus: adjustment to net income due to net effect of equity awards, exchangeable notes and class B units Net income attributable to Class A Common shareholders after adjustment Weighted average common shares outstanding used in computing net income per share - basic Plus: net effect of dilutive equity awards, exchangeable notes and class B units Weighted average common shares outstanding used in computing net income per share - diluted Net income per share basic Net income per share diluted 

Basic earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2022 was calculated by dividing net income attributable to Class A Common shareholders of divided by of weighted average Class A common shares outstanding at December 31,2022. Diluted earnings per share was calculated by dividing net income adjusted for net effects of dilutive equity awards and exchangeable notes of , divided by of weighted average common shares after adjusting for the net effects of dilutive equity awards and exchangeable notes outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Basic earnings per share for the year ended December 31, 2021 was calculated by dividing net income attributable to Class A Common shareholders of divided by of weighted average Class A common shares outstanding at December 31, 2021. Diluted earnings per share was calculated by dividing net income adjusted for net effects of dilutive equity award, exchangeable notes and Class B units of divided by of weighted average common shares after adjusting for the net effects of dilutive equity awards, exchangeable notes and Class B units outstanding at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Securities that could potentially be dilutive are excluded from the computation of diluted earnings per share when the exercise price exceeds the average closing price of the Company s common stock during the period, because their inclusion would result in an antidilutive effect on per share amounts. The Company applied the if-converted method for the exchangeable notes to calculate diluted earnings per share in accordance with ASU 2020-06. 

102 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 Class B common shares Earnout consideration shares Equity awards 
 
 Change in Accounting Policy for net income per share: 
 
 Effective April 1, 2022, the Company had changed its methodology to apply its accounting policy to calculate the basic and diluted earnings per share as well as determined that it would push down the changes in fair value of the mark-to-market liabilities that related to the Company's warrants and earnout consideration liability to its operating subsidiary, Holdings, resulting in a change to the net income attributable to the controlling and non-controlling interest. 
 
 The Company observed diversity in practice due to lack of specific guidance in ASC 810 related to earnings per share due to the Company's Up-C structure. The method adopted effective April 1, 2022 was voluntary and more appropriately represented the economics of the net income allocation upon the conversion of the potential dilutive instruments due to the fact that the issuance of Class A Common Stock would result with a corresponding issuance of a Class A Common Unit in Holdings. Further, for similar reasons, pushing down the changes in fair value of the mark-to-market liabilities to Holdings, and therefore allocating the changes between the controlling and non-controlling interest would provide more appropriate information to the users of the financial statements. The Company determined that, accordingly, this change would more appropriately reflect the allocation of the consolidated Company s net assets between the controlling and non-controlling interest, and the respective basic and dilutive earnings per share presented in the Company s consolidated financial statements. 
 
 ) Net income per share attributable to Class A common stockholders - diluted (1) ) Net income attributable to CompoSecure, Inc. (2) ) Net income attributable to redeemable non-controlling interests (2) 
 
 1) The amounts for the year ended December 31, 2021 represent basic and diluted net income per share of Class A common stock for the prorated period from December 27, 2021 through December 31, 2021, the period following the Business Combination described in Note 1. 
 
 (2) Net income attributable to CompoSecure, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2021 was equal to net income for the period subsequent to the Business Combination for the prorated period from December 27, 2021 through December 31, 2021. Net income attributable to non-controlling for the year ended December 31, 2021 is equal to net income for the period from January 1, 2021 through December 31, 2021. 

103 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 16. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Later years Total payments 
 
 In addition to the above, the Company's tax receivable agreement liability and future payments thereunder are expected to increase as we realize (or are deemed to realize) an increase in tax basis of Holdings assets resulting from any future purchases, redemptions or exchanges of Holdings' interests by holders. The Company currently expect to fund these future tax receivable agreement liability payments from some of the realized cash tax savings as a result of this increase in tax basis. 
 
 Litigation 
 
 The Company may be, from time to time, party to various disputes and claims arising from normal business activities. The Company accrues for amounts related to legal matters if it is probable that a liability has been incurred and the amount is reasonably estimable. while the outcome of existing disputes and claims is uncertain, the Company does not expect that the resolution of existing disputes and claims would have a material adverse effect on its consolidated financial position or liquidity or the Company s consolidated results of operations. Litigation expenses are expensed as incurred. In February 2021, the Company had received from a third party a notice of dispute with respect to whether commissions were due and owing on product sales to certain of the Company s customers which could have required payments ranging from to , plus costs and expenses. In October 2022, this dispute was resolved through binding arbitration, resulting in commission payments to the third party within the anticipated range, together with additional commission payments on future 
 104 

COMPOSECURE, INC. Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements (" in thousands" - except share data) 

 related to these commission payments in the year ended December 31, 2022. 

17. 
 , , and , respectively and were recorded as a component of selling, general and administrative expenses. In October 2019, Holdings terminated the sales representation agreement. Customers in place prior to the termination of the agreement are subject to the arrangement and are eligible for future commissions, which are payable and are being accrued and paid in accordance with the terms of the sales representation agreement. Amounts accrued as a component of accrued expenses as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 related to this agreement amounted to and . In February 2021, the Company had received from such third party a notice of dispute with respect to whether commissions were due and owing on product sales to certain of the Company s customers. In October 2022, the Company resolved this dispute through binding arbitration. See Note 16. 
 
 As a result of the Business Combination, the Company entered into a tax receivable agreement with Holdings and holders of interests in Holdings. See Note 2 and Note 16. 
 
 Pursuant to the Holdings LLC agreement , the Company makes pro rata tax distributions to the holders of Holdings' units, i.e. non-controlling interest in an amount sufficient to fund all or part of their tax obligations with respect to the taxable income of Holdings that is allocated to them. See Note 2. 
 
 105 

Item 9. Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosures 
 None. 
 
 Item 9A. Controls and Procedures 
 Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 
 Our management, with the participation of our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, evaluated the effectiveness of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022. The term disclosure controls and procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) under the Exchange Act, means controls and other procedures of a company that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed by a company in the reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to the Company s management, including its principal executive and principal financial officers, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Management recognizes that any controls and procedures, no matter how well designed and operated, can provide only reasonable assurance of achieving their objectives and management necessarily applies its judgment in evaluating the cost-benefit relationship of possible controls and procedures. Based on the evaluation of our disclosure controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that, as of such date, our disclosure controls and procedures were effective at the reasonable assurance level. 
 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 
 The management of CompoSecure, Inc. (the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting for the Company. Internal control over financial reporting is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) or 15d-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, as a process designed by, or under the supervision of, the Company's principal executive and principal financial officers and effected by the Company's board of directors, management and other personnel, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America U.S. GAAP and includes those policies and procedures that: (i) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Company; (ii) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with U.S. GAAP, and that receipts and expenditures of our company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Company; and (iii) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the Company's assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 
 Internal control over financial reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements prepared for external purposes in accordance with U.S. GAAP. Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 Management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, assessed the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria set forth in the Internal Control-Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on its assessment, management concluded that the Company s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022 based on those criteria. 
 110 

As an emerging growth company, the Company is not required to include in this Annual Report on Form 10-K a report on the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting by the Company s independent registered public accounting firm. 

Item 9B. Other Information 
 None. 
 
 Item 9C. Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Present Inspections 
 Not applicable. 
 111 

Part III 
 
 Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 Unless the context otherwise requires, all references in this Item 10 refer to the Company, we, us or our refer to CompoSecure, Inc. and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 
 Directors 
 
 Class I Directors (Term Expiring in 2025) 
 Name 
 Age 
 Principal Occupation and Business Experience 
 Jonathan C. Wilk 
 54 
 Mr. Wilk has served as a member of our board of directors since December 27, 2021. Mr. Wilk has led the Company for over six years, serving as the Company s Chief Executive Officer since May 2017, having joined in March 2016 as President and Chief Revenue Officer. He brings more than 25 years of banking, consulting, and private equity operating experience. Prior to joining the Company, from January 2014 to October 2015, he served as the President of PayChoice, a leading SaaS- based payroll company. Prior to PayChoice, from 2011 to 2013, Mr. Wilk was with JPMorgan Chase, where he joined as the Head of Product and Chief Marketing Officer for the Consumer Bank. He was responsible for checking, savings, debit, and prepaid products as well as brand and advertising and sponsorships for consumer banking. Prior to that, Mr. Wilk held several senior positions at Bank of America Merrill Lynch between 2003 and 2011, including the Global Head of Product for Treasury Services and the Head of Consumer and Small Business Deposits. Prior to his banking experience, Mr. Wilk was a management consultant with firms including Booz, Allen and Hamilton and Mercer Management Consulting. Mr. Wilk holds an MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University with majors in Strategy, Marketing, and Finance and a BS in Business Management from Pennsylvania State University. Mr. Wilk was chosen to serve on the Board because of his 25 years of banking, consulting, and private equity operating experience, and as the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer, he is able to provide the Board with critical insight into the day-to-day operations of the Company. 
 
 Jane J. Thompson 
 71 
 Ms. Thompson has served as a member of our board of directors since December 27, 2021. Ms. Thompson is the founder and Chief Executive Officer of Jane J. Thompson Financial Services LLC, a management consulting firm she founded in 2011. From May 2002 to June 2011, Ms. Thompson served as President of Walmart Financial Services, a division of Walmart Stores, Inc. that provides money services, products and solutions to Walmart customers. Previously, she led the Sears Credit, Sears Home Services, and Sears Online groups within Sears, Roebuck Company, and was a partner with McKinsey Company, Inc. advising consumer companies. Since 2012, Ms. Thompson has served on numerous public and private boards in fintech, financial services and payments. She currently serves as a director for Navient Corporation (Nasdaq: NAVI) and Katapult Holdings, Inc. (Nasdaq: KPLT). Ms. Thompson received a Master s in Business Administration from Harvard Business School and a Bachelor s in Business Administration in Marketing from the University of Cincinnati. Ms. Thompson was chosen to serve on the Board because of her extensive experience in the fields of fintech, financial services and payments, and management consulting, as well as her experience as a member of various boards of directors. 

112 

Class II Directors (Term expiring in 2023) 
 Name 
 Age 
 Principal Occupation and Business Experience 
 Michele Logan 
 56 
 Ms. Logan has served as a member of our board of directors since December 27, 2021. From 2017 to February 2021, Ms. Logan, one of the Company s founders, served as the Executive Chairman of the Company from May 2017 to February 2021, as CEO from May 2012 to May 2017, and Vice President, General Manager from 2002 to 2012. Prior to founding the Company, she began her career as a computer programmer analyst at Prudential Insurance. Ms. Logan graduated from Boston University with a BA in Computer Science and minor in Business Administration. She also holds an MBA degree from Fairleigh Dickinson University in Industrial Management. Ms. Logan has the right to designate an appointee to the Board pursuant to appointment rights in the Company s Stockholders Agreement, dated December 27, 2021 (the Stockholders Agreement ), and designated herself to serve on the Board; the Company believes she brings unique insight and experience in the industry to the Board as a result of co-founding the Company and previously serving as the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Executive Chairman and her extensive experience in the field of payment cards. 
 
 Brian F. Hughes 
 64 
 Mr. Hughes has served as a member of our board of directors since December 27, 2021. Mr. Hughes currently serves as a director and audit committee chair of Bentley Systems (Nasdaq: BSY), and has served as a senior advisor to Gopuff since February 2021. Mr. Hughes was previously an audit partner, the national private markets group leader, and venture capital co-leader at KPMG LLP where he worked from 2002 to 2019 and an audit partner at Arthur Andersen where he worked from 1981 to 2002. Mr. Hughes received a Master s in Business Administration and a Bachelor of Science in Economics and Accounting from the Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Hughes was chosen to serve on the Board because of his financial expertise, extensive accounting, auditing and venture capital experience as well as his experience as a director and advisor of other companies. 

Class III Directors (Expiring in 2024) 
 Name 
 Age 
 Principal Occupation and Business Experience 
 Mitchell Hollin 
 60 Mr. Hollin has served as a member of our board of directors since December 27, 2021. Since 2000, Mr. Hollin has served as a partner at LLR Partners, a middle market private equity firm committed to creating long-term value by growing its portfolio companies. Prior to joining LLR, Mitchell co-founded and served as Managing Director of Advanta Partners, a private equity firm focused on the financial services industry. His experience with private equity began while an Associate with Patricof and Co. Ventures, now Apax Partners. In addition to active board roles in connection with certain current LLR investments, Mr. Hollin also served on the Board of Heartland Payment Systems (NYSE: HPY) beginning in 2001 and later became Lead Director. Following the sale of Heartland to Global Payments (NYSE: GPN) in 2015, Mitchell served on the Board of Global Payments until its merger with TSYS (NYSE: TSS) in 2019, which formed one of the leading worldwide providers of payment technology services and software. Mr. Hollin holds a BS from the University of Pennsylvania and an MBA from the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Mr. Hollin was chosen to serve on the Board by LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P. pursuant to appointment rights in the Company s Stockholders Agreement, and because the Company believes he has valuable experience in private equity and the financial services industry, as well as his experience as a member of various boards of directors 

113 

Paul Galant 
 55 
 Mr. Galant has served as a member of our board of directors since September 21, 2022. Mr. Galant currently serves as an Operating Partner of Churchill Capital, and has served as a member of Vivint s board of directors since October 2015. Prior to that, Mr. Galant served as Chief Executive Officer of Brightstar Corp., a leading mobile services company for managing devices and accessories and subsidiary of SoftBank Group Corp., and he has served as an Operating Partner of SoftBank. Prior to joining Brightstar, Mr. Galant was the Chief Executive Officer of VeriFone Systems, Inc., and was a member of VeriFone s board of directors, since October 2013. Prior to joining VeriFone, Mr. Galant served as the CEO of Citigroup Inc. s Enterprise Payments business since 2010. In this role, Mr. Galant oversaw the design, marketing and implementation of global B2C and C2B digital payments solutions. From 2009 to 2010, Mr. Galant served as CEO of Citi Cards, heading Citigroup s North American and International Credit Card and Merchant Acquiring businesses. From 2007 to 2009, Mr. Galant served as CEO of Citi Transaction Services, a division of Citi s Institutional Clients Group. From 2002 to 2007, Mr. Galant was the Global Head of the Cash Management business, one of the largest processors of payments globally. Mr. Galant joined Citigroup, a multinational financial services corporation, in 2000. Prior to joining Citigroup, Mr. Galant held positions at Donaldson, Lufkin Jenrette, Smith Barney, and Credit Suisse. Mr. Galant holds a B.S. in Economics from Cornell University where he graduated a Phillip Merrill Scholar 
 
 Niloofar Razi Howe 
 54 Ms. Howe has served as a member of our board of directors since December 27, 2021. Since 2019, Ms. Howe has served as a senior operating partner at Energy Impact Partners, a venture capital fund. Ms. Howe previously served as chief strategy officer and senior vice president of strategy and operations at RSA, a global cybersecurity company, from 2015 to 2018. She also previously served as the chief strategy officer of Endgame (acquired by Elastic in 2019) from 2013 to 2015, an enterprise software security company, and spent twelve years leading deal teams in private equity and venture capital. Ms. Howe currently serves as a director of Tenable Holdings, Inc., Morgan Stanley Private Bank, NA and Morgan Stanley Bank, NA, Pondurance, Recorded Future, Swimlane, and Tamr. Ms. Howe received a Bachelor degree from Columbia College and holds a juris doctor degree from Harvard Law School. Ms. Howe was chosen to serve on the Board because of her valuable experience as a technology and cybersecurity executive, as well as her experience in private equity and venture capital, as well as experience as a member of various boards of directors. 

Executive Officers 
 
 Jonathan C. Wilk, 54 President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 
 Mr. Jonathan C. Wilk has led the Company for over six years, serving as the Company s Chief Executive Officer since May 2017, having joined in March 2016 as President and Chief Revenue Officer. He brings more than 25 years of banking, consulting, and private equity operating experience. Prior to joining the Company, from January 2014 to October 2015, he served as the President of Paychoice, a leading SaaS- based payroll company. Prior to PayChoice, from 2011 to 2013, Mr. Wilk was with JPMorgan Chase, where he joined as the Head of Product and Chief Marketing Officer for the Consumer Bank. He was responsible for checking, savings, debit, and prepaid products as well as brand and advertising and sponsorships for consumer banking. Prior to that, Mr. Wilk held several senior positions at Bank of America Merrill Lynch between 2003 and 2011, including the Global Head of Product for Treasury Services and the Head of Consumer and Small Business Deposits. Prior to his banking experience, Mr. Wilk was a management consultant with firms including Booz, Allen and Hamilton and Mercer Management Consulting. Mr. Wilk holds an MBA from the Kellogg Graduate School of Management at Northwestern University with majors in Strategy, Marketing, and Finance and a BS in Business Management from Pennsylvania State University. 
 
 114 

Timothy Fitzsimmons, 60 Chief Financial Officer 
 
 Mr. Timothy Fitzsimmons has served as the Company s Chief Financial Officer since July 2014, bringing more than 30 years experience in accounting and finance. Prior to joining the Company, Mr. Fitzsimmons served from 2009 to July 2014 as President and founder of Your CFO Controller LLC, a consulting firm. Prior to that, he was the Vice President Controller and Strategic Initiatives at Title Resource Group, a national title insurance agency and real estate closing coordination company. Prior to that, he was Chief Financial Officer of Vanguard Modular Building Leasing. Previously, he was Global Controller of GE Capital Modular Space Leasing, and Controller of North American operations for Gemplus Corporation, a plastic transaction card manufacturer. Mr. Fitzsimmons began his career with Coopers Lybrand in New York City where he earned his CPA certificate in 1985. In 1989, he joined DataCard in Minneapolis, MN as part of the Corporate Finance team before becoming the Controller of Plastic Card Operations for DataCard North America in 1991. Four years later, Mr. Fitzsimmons joined GE Capital as Global Controller of their modular leasing business, earning his Six Sigma Blackbelt Certification and managing a global finance team. Mr. Fitzsimmons holds an MBA with a finance concentration from Drexel University and a BS in accounting from St. John s University in New York. 
 
 Gregoire (Greg) Maes, 50 Chief Operating Officer 
 
 Mr. Gregoire (Greg) Maes joined the Company as Chief Operating Officer in January 2020, contributing 25 years of experience with several global card manufacturers. Before joining the Company, from 2014 to January 2020, he served as Global Chief Operating Officer for ABCorp, a leading provider of products and services for the commercial, financial, government not-for-profit and healthcare sectors. Prior to that, he served as Service Center Operations Director Asia Pacific at Oberthur Technologies from 2013 to 2014, and as COO for ABnote Australia Pty Ltd from 2007 to 2013. Mr. Maes has a Chemistry and Physics degree from the Graduate School of Chemistry and Physics of Bordeaux, France. 
 
 Amanda Gourbault, 57 Chief Revenue Officer 
 
 Ms. Amanda Gourbault has served as Chief Revenue Officer of the Company since December 7, 2021. Ms. Gourbault has more than 25 years of experience in the payments and security industry, leading global sales, products and services teams for the financial sector. Prior to joining the Company, Ms. Gourbault was Executive Vice President of the Financial Institutions Business Unit at IDEMIA, a global leader in payment cards and identity/security credentials. At IDEMIA, where Ms. Gourbault worked for 13 years, Ms. Gourbault was responsible for a global division with more than 2,600 employees, comprised of sales, marketing and product development teams, as well as for more than 30 card personalization centers worldwide that delivered more than 900 million in revenue per year. Ms. Gourbault is also Chair of the Compass for Life foundation, helping disadvantaged children achieve their dreams. Ms. Gourbault holds a BA in modern languages from Durham University, England. 
 
 Adam Lowe, 38 Chief Product Innovation Officer 
 
 Dr. Adam Lowe has served as the Company s Chief Product Innovation Officer since April 2022 after serving as Chief Innovation Officer since January 2020, having joined the Company as a Senior Materials Development Engineer in January 2014 and serving in several roles of increasing responsibility on the Company s research and development team from May 2015 to January 2016, leading to promotion to Vice President, R D in June 2018, and then Chief Innovation Officer in January 2020. In addition, he served as Adjunct Fellow at Syracuse University s Forensic and National Security Sciences Institute from 2012 to 2018. Prior to joining the Company, he served as Principal Research Scientist from 2011 to 2013 at SRC, a not-for-profit research and development company. Dr. Lowe earned an MBA from the Cornell Johnson Graduate School of Management, a PhD in microbiology from Cornell University, and a degree in biology from Salisbury University. 
 
 Key Employees 
 
 Stephen Luft, 70 Vice President, Global Head of Sales 
 
 Mr. Stephen Luft has served as the Company s Vice President, Global Head of Sales since February 2012. Before joining the Company, from 1997 to 2012 he served in various roles at OpSec Security, Inc., most recently as 
 115 

Director of Customer Solutions. Mr. Luft holds an MBA in International Business and Finance from Indiana University and a BS in International Economics from Georgetown University. 
 
 Lewis Rubovitz, 49 Chief Strategy Officer 
 
 Mr. Lewis Rubovitz has served as the Company s Chief Strategy Officer since March 2022 and previously, the Company s Vice President, Head of Strategy Business Development since November 2018, bringing over 15 years of industry experience. Prior to joining the Company, he was VP Finance Global Commercial Payments, Product Development, Marketing, International at American Express from 2013 to 2018, prior to which he held several other positions at American Express. Before that, he served as a senior financial analyst at Revlon from 1999 to 2003, and as a senior sales and marketing analyst at CR Bard from 1996 to 1999. Mr. Rubovitz holds an MBA from the Stern School of Business at New York University, majoring in Marketing and Finance along with a BBA in Marketing from Emory University s Goizueta Business School. 
 
 Steven J. Feder, 59 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary 
 
 Mr. Steven J. Feder joined the Company as its full-time General Counsel and Corporate Secretary in April 2022, bringing over 33 years of corporate and commercial legal experience to the Company. Mr. Feder has been serving in that same capacity for the Company on a part-time basis since August 2014 as a member of the alternate legal services firm, GenCounsel, LLC, which Mr. Feder co-founded in 2009 in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania. Prior to founding GenCounsel, Mr. Feder was Senior Vice President, General Counsel and Secretary of Safeguard Scientifics, Inc. in Wayne, Pennsylvania (NYSE: SFE) from 2004 to 2007, and was previously a partner with the law firm of Pepper Hamilton LLP (now Troutman Pepper LLP) in Berwyn, Pennsylvania from 2000 to 2004, and had previously been associated with other law firms. From 1990 to 1995, Mr. Feder was corporate counsel for MEDIQ Incorporated, formerly an AMEX-listed diversified healthcare company. Mr. Feder holds a JD degree from the Temple University School of Law and a BS in Education from Temple University s College of Education, both in Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, and is licensed to practice law in Pennsylvania. 
 
 Stacey Gutman, 44 Chief Transformation Officer 
 
 Ms. Stacey Gutman joined the Company as Chief Transformation Officer in February 2022, bringing over 20 years of corporate and start-up experience to the Company and a track record of effectively building, launching and managing new products, programs and partnerships. For the year prior to joining the Company full-time, Mrs. Gutman served the company as a consultant focused on launching Arculus. In her position as Chief Transformation Officer, Mrs. Gutman is responsible for leading large-scale cross- functional initiatives and the corporate communications function. Prior to CompoSecure, Mrs. Gutman led the external partnerships teams at two fast-growing, NY-based start-ups: Intersection, a smart cities technology company (from 2014 to 2018) and Catchafire, a tech-enabled social impact company (2019). Mrs. Gutman also spent 13 years in the small business division at American Express working across all facets of the customer lifecycle, building new sales and distribution channels, transforming digital assets into revenue-generating platforms and forging large-scale partnerships. Mrs. Gutman holds a BA in Economics from Amherst College in Amherst, MA. 
 
 Legal Proceedings Involving Directors or Executive Officers 
 
 None. 
 
 Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports 
 
 Section 16(a) of the Exchange Act requires our named executive officers, directors and persons who own more than 10 of our common stock to file reports of ownership and changes in ownership with the SEC. SEC regulations require us to identify anyone who failed to file a required report or filed a late report during the most recent fiscal year. Based solely on our review of the copies of such forms received by us, or written representations from certain reporting persons that no Forms 5 were required for such persons, we believe that, during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, our named executive officers, directors and 10 stockholders complied with all Section 16(a) filing requirements applicable to them, except that Ms. Niloofar Razi Howe, a member of our Board of Directors, filed a Form 4 on July 5, 2022 for a transaction that occurred on June 24, 2022 and a separate Form 4 on September 20, 2022 for a transaction that occurred on April 11, 2022. 
 
 116 

Corporate Governance 
 
 Director Independence 
 
 The listing standards of Nasdaq require that a majority of the Board be independent. The Board has determined that each of Mitchell Hollin, Niloofar Razi Howe, Brian F. Hughes, Paul Galant and Jane J. Thompson qualify as independent directors, as defined under Nasdaq listing rules. 
 
 Role of Our Board of Directors in Risk Oversight 
 
 One of the key functions of our Board is informed oversight of our risk management process. Our Board administers this oversight function directly through our Board as a whole, as well as through various standing committees of our Board that address risks inherent in their respective areas of oversight. In particular, our Board is responsible for monitoring and assessing strategic risk exposure, and our Audit Committee has the responsibility to consider and discuss our major financial risk exposures and the steps our management has taken to monitor and control these exposures. The Audit Committee has the responsibility to review with management the process by which risk assessment and management is undertaken, monitor compliance with legal and regulatory requirements, and review the adequacy and effectiveness of our internal controls over financial reporting. Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for periodically evaluating our company s corporate governance policies and systems in light of the governance risks that we face and the adequacy of our company s policies and procedures designed to address such risks. Our compensation committee assesses and monitors whether any of our compensation policies and programs is reasonably likely to have a material adverse effect on us. 
 
 Meetings of the Board and its Committees 
 
 The Board held a total of four (4) meetings during the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. During the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, no incumbent director attended fewer than 75 of the aggregate of all meetings of the Board held during the period in which he or she served as a director and the total number of meetings held by the committee on which he or she served during the period. Members of our Board are invited and encouraged to attend each annual meeting of stockholders. 
 
 Board Committees 
 
 Our Board currently has three standing committees: an Audit Committee, a Compensation Committee and a Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. These committees, their principal functions and their respective memberships are described below. 
 
 Audit Committee 
 
 Our Audit Committee consists of Mr. Hughes, Mr. Galant and Ms. Howe, with Mr. Hughes serving as the chair of the Audit Committee. Mr. Galant joined our Audit Committee in January 2023, replacing Ms. Thompson who had served on our Audit Committee since December 2021. Our Board has determined that each Audit Committee member meets the definition of an independent director as defined by the applicable Nasdaq listing standards and the additional independence criteria for members of audit committees specified in the Nasdaq listing standards and Rule 10A-3 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). Our Board has determined that Mr. Hughes qualifies as an audit committee financial expert, as such term is defined by SEC rules. 
 
 The Audit Committee is responsible for, among other matters: (i) reviewing and discussing with management and the independent auditor the annual audited financial statements, and recommending to the Board whether the audited financial statements should be included in our annual reports on Form 10-K; (ii) discussing with management and the independent auditor significant financial reporting issues and judgments made in connection with the preparation of our financial statements; (iii) discussing with management major risk assessment and risk management policies and any impacts of such risks or exposures on our financial statements; (iv) monitoring the independence of the independent auditor; (v) verifying the rotation of the lead (or coordinating) audit partner having primary responsibility for the audit and the audit partner responsible for reviewing the audit as required by law; (vi) reviewing and approving all related-party transactions; (vii) inquiring and discussing with 
 117 

management our compliance with applicable laws and regulations; (viii) pre-approving all audit services and permitted non-audit services to be performed by our independent auditor, including the fees and terms of the services to be performed; (ix) appointing or replacing the independent auditor; (x) determining the compensation and oversight of the work of the independent auditor (including resolution of disagreements between management and the independent auditor regarding financial reporting) for the purpose of preparing or issuing an audit report or related work; (xi) establishing procedures for the receipt, retention and treatment of complaints received by us regarding accounting, internal accounting controls or reports which raise material issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and (xii) investigating, in its discretion, any alleged breach or violation of our Code of Business Conduct and Ethics and any matters related to accounting, internal accounting controls, financial fraud and similar matters within the scope of the Audit Committee s responsibilities. 
 
 The Audit Committee held five (5) meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. A copy of the Audit Committee s charter is posted on our website at www.composecure.com . 
 
 Compensation Committee 
 
 Our Compensation Committee consists of Ms. Thompson, Mr. Hollin and Mr. Hughes, with Ms. Thompson serving as the chair of the Compensation Committee. Each of Ms. Thompson, Mr. Hollin and Mr. Hughes qualify as independent directors according to the Nasdaq rules with respect to compensation committee membership. The compensation committee charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required by Nasdaq and the SEC. 
 
 The Compensation Committee is responsible for, among other matters: (i) reviewing key employee compensation goals, policies, plans and programs; (ii) reviewing and approving the compensation of our directors, Chief Executive Officer and other executive officers; (iii) reviewing and approving employment agreements and other similar arrangements between us and our executive officers; and (iv) administering our stock plans and other incentive compensation plans. 
 
 The Compensation Committee held four (4) during the year ended December 31, 2022. A copy of the Compensation Committee s charter is posted on our website at www.composecure.com . 
 
 Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee 
 
 Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee consists of Mr. Hollin, Ms. Howe and Ms. Thompson, with Mr. Hollin serving as chair of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee. Our Board has determined that all members of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee are independent directors as defined by the applicable Nasdaq listing standards. 
 
 Our Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee is responsible for, among other matters: identifying individuals qualified to become members of our Board, consistent with criteria approved by our Board; (ii) overseeing the organization of our Board to discharge the Board s duties and responsibilities properly and efficiently; (iii) identifying best practices and recommending corporate governance principles; and (iv) developing and recommending to our Board a set of corporate governance guidelines and principles applicable to us. 
 
 The Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee held four (4) meetings during the year ended December 31, 2022. A copy of the Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee s charter is posted on our website at www.composecure.com . 
 
 Code of Ethics 
 
 We have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, executive officers and employees that complies with the rules and regulations of the Nasdaq. The Code of Ethics codifies the business and ethical principles that govern all aspects of our business. You may review a copy of our code of ethics on our website at 
 118 

https://ir.composecure.com . In addition, a copy of the Code of Ethics will be provided without charge upon request to us in writing at 309 Pierce Street, Somerset, New Jersey, 08873, Attention: General Counsel or by telephone at (908) 518-0500. 
 
 All of our directors, officers and employees are expected to be familiar with the Code of Ethics and to adhere to those principles and procedures set forth in the Code of Ethics that apply to them. The Company has posted the Code of Ethics, and will post any amendments to the Code of Ethics, as well as any waivers that are required to be disclosed by the rules of the SEC, on the Company s website at www.composecure.com . 

Item 11. Executive Compensation 
 DIRECTOR AND OFFICER COMPENSATION 
 
 Director Compensation 
 
 The following table sets forth the compensation paid to non-employee directors for the year-ended December 31, 2022. The non-employee directors did not receive compensation for the year-ended December 31, 2021. 
 
 Director (4) 
 Fees Earned or Paid in Cash ) (1) 
 Stock Awards ) 
 Total ) 
 Paul Galant (3) 
 13,858 
 263,835 
 277,693 
 Brian Hughes (2) 
 50,000 
 372,972 
 422,972 
 Niloofar Razi-Howe (2) 
 50,000 
 372,972 
 422,972 
 Jane Thompson (2) 
 50,000 
 372,972 
 422,972 
 
 Notes : 
 (1) Pursuant to the Company s Director Compensation Policy, certain non-employee directors are paid an annual cash retainer of 50,000, paid on a quarterly basis. Pursuant to the Company s Director Compensation Policy, Ms. Razi-Howe has elected to receive vested restricted stock units in lieu of quarterly cash retainer payments. 
 (2) Stock awards include (a) an initial equity award of restricted stock units granted on March 16, 2022 with a grant date fair value of 150,000 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718; (b) a pro-rated annual equity award of restricted stock units granted on March 16, 2022 with a grant date fair value of 72,972 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and (c) an annual equity award of restricted stock units granted on June 24, 2022 with a grant date fair value of 150,000. 
 (3) Stock awards include (a) an initial equity award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 150,000 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718 and (b) a pro-rated annual equity award of restricted stock units with a grant date fair value of 113,835 computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. 
 (4) Pursuant to the Company s Director Compensation Policy, Mr. Hollin, Ms. Logan and Dr. Basile (who previously served as a member of our Board of Directors until his resignation, effective on September 21, 2022) did not receive compensation for their services as non-employee directors during the year-ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 General Policy Regarding Compensation of Non-Employee Directors 
 
 In March 2022, our Board approved and instituted an annual compensation program for certain non-employee directors of our Board (the Director Compensation Policy ). 
 Pursuant to the Director Compensation Policy, certain non-employee directors are paid an annual cash retainer of 50,000, paid on a quarterly basis. (Other non-employee directors who are prohibited by a contractual obligation or employment policy from receiving compensation for their service on the Board, or who have otherwise notified the Company that they have declined to receive compensation are not covered by the Director Compensation Policy. Non-employee directors who are covered by the Policy are referred to as eligible non-employee directors . 
 
 The Director Compensation Policy provides that upon joining the Board, each eligible non-employee director will receive an initial equity award of restricted stock units RSUs with a value of 150,000, granted on the date such non-employee director begins service on the Board (the Initial Equity Award ). The Initial Equity Awards will vest on the first anniversary of the date on which the award is granted. Additionally, the Director Compensation Policy provides that eligible non-employee directors will be granted, on an annual basis, RSUs with a 
 119 

value of 150,000 effective on the date of each annual meeting (or, in the case of an eligible non-employee director who joins the Board after the occurrence of the annual meeting for the year of their appointment to the Board, a pro-rata amount based on their appointment date) (the Annual Equity Award ). The Annual Equity Awards will vest in full on the earlier of (i) the first anniversary of the date of grant or (b) the next annual meeting. 
 
 Eligible non-employee directors who were Board members on December 27, 2021 received an Initial Equity Award that will vest on January 1, 2023 and a pro-rated Annual Equity Award for the period from December 27, 2021 through the date of our 2022 annual meeting, which vested on such date. In accordance with the Director Compensation Policy, on March 16, 2022, the Company granted to each of Ms. Howe, Mr. Hughes and Ms. Thompson restricted stock units for 29,524 shares of Class A Common Stock, of which 9,751 which vested on the date of the 2022 Annual Meeting and 19,773 vested on January 1, 2023. 
 
 An eligible non-employee director may elect to convert his or her annual cash retainer into RSUs, or to defer receipt of his or her Initial Equity Award and or Annual Equity Award, or his or her cash retainers, in accordance with the terms of the Company s RSU Conversion and Deferral Program for Directors, which was approved by the Board in March 2022. 
 
 Information regarding compensation for those of our directors who are also employees is set forth in the Executive Compensation Summary Compensation Table below. 
 
 Executive Compensation 
 
 Summary Compensation Table 
 
 The following table presents information regarding the compensation of the Company s named executive officers for services rendered during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021: 
 
 Name and Principal Position 
 Year 
 Salary ) (1) 
 Bonus ) (2) 
 Stock Awards ) (3) 
 All Other Compensation ) (4) 
 Total ) 
 Jonathan Wilk 
 2022 
 600,039 
 1,124,754 11,241,827 11,257 
 12,977,877 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 2021 
 460,503 
 428,787 
 690,723 
 1,580,013 
 Amanda Gourbault (5)(6) 
 2022 
 506,619 
 937,295 4,734,000 166,976 6,344,890 Chief Revenue Officer 
 2021 
 41,666 
 
 750,000 
 791,666 
 Adam Lowe 
 2022 
 425,023 
 478,020 4,734,000 8,489 
 5,645,532 Chief Product and Innovation Officer 
 2021 
 265,225 
 129,573 
 602,845 
 997,643 
 Gregoire Maes 
 2022 
 375,000 
 421,783 1,972,500 20,800 
 2,790,083 Chief Operating Officer 
 2021 
 309,000 
 147,095 
 156,005 
 612,100 
 Timothy Fitzsimmons 
 2022 
 375,000 
 421,783 1,972,500 13,032 
 2,782,315 Chief Financial Officer 
 2021 
 320,342 
 147,786 
 352,499 
 820,627 
 
 Notes to Summary Compensation Table : 
 (1) Reflects actual base salary amounts paid for 2022 and 2021. 
 (2) Reflects annual cash bonuses for 2022 and for 2021 pursuant to the Company s annual cash incentive program. 
 (3) Stock awards for 2022 reflect (i) for each of the named executive officers, RSUs granted on March 16, 2022, which vest ratably over four years, with 25 of the award vesting on each of January 1, 2023, January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026, respectively, and (ii) with respect to Mr. Wilk, 449,380 performance-vesting RSUs granted on March 16, 2022, which will vest over the applicable performance period based on the achievement of performance targets set forth in the governing award agreement. The stock award amounts reflected in the table represent the aggregate grant date fair value of the stock awards computed in accordance with FASB ASC Topic 718. The fair value of time-vesting RSUs has been determined based on the closing price of the Company s Class A common stock on the date of grant. The fair value of the performance-vesting RSUs has been determined based upon the probable outcome of such conditions determined as of the grant date under FASB ASC Topic 718. 
 (4) Reflects the following components of All Other Compensation: 
 
 120 

Details of All Other Compensation 
 
 Named Executive Officer Year Distributions and Payments ) (a)(b) 
 Company Matching Contribution to 401(k) Plan ) Life Insurance Premium ) Car Allowance ) Cell Phone Allowance ) Relocation Expense ) (d) 
 Total of All Other Compensation ) Jonathan Wilk 2022 
 10,675 581 

11,257 2021 679,999 10,150 574 

690,723 Amanda Gourbault 2022 
 2,884 2,092 
 
 162,000 166,976 2021 750,000 

750,000 Adam Lowe 2022 
 7,396 493 
 600 
 8,489 2021 594,859 6,893 493 
 600 
 602,845 Gregoire Maes 2022 
 10,626 575 9,000 600 
 20,800 2021 135,753 10,150 502 9,000 600 
 156,005 Timothy Fitzsimmons 2022 
 10,675 1,758 
 600 
 13,032 2021 339,999 10,150 1,750 
 600 
 352,499 
 Notes to Details of All Other Compensation: 
 (a) Figures have been rounded to the nearest dollar. 
 (b) Represents pro rata cash distributions to Mr. Wilk as a holder of outstanding Company units in the aggregate amount of approximately 679,999 during 2021. 
 (c) Represents, for Messrs. Fitzsimmons, Lowe and Maes, discretionary special cash payments in the amounts of 339,999, 594,859, and 135,753, respectively, during 2021 immediately prior to the Business Combination to these named executive officers as holders of options to purchase the Company s units in recognition of pro rata cash distributions made to the holders of the Company s outstanding units. For Ms. Gourbault, reflects a cash bonus in 2021 for recognition of her loss of economic rewards due to her early departure from her previous position to join the Company. 
 (d) Consists of expenses associated with Ms. Gourbault's relocation to the United States. 
 ________________________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 (5) Ms. Gourbault has served as Chief Revenue Officer of the Company since December 7, 2021. 
 (6) Ms. Gourbault received a portion of her compensation in Euros. The compensation paid to Ms. Gourbault in Euros was converted into U.S. Dollars based on the exchange rate (1 Euro for each 1.1342 US Dollars) as of January 3, 2022, which was the first payment date for Ms. Gourbault during fiscal 2022. 
 
 On March 16, 2022, the Company granted to Mr. Wilk (i) time-vested restricted stock units RSUs for 1,123,451 shares of Class A Common Stock, which will vest ratably over four years, with 25 of the award vesting on each of January 1, 2023, January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026, respectively, subject to Mr. Wilk s continued service as of the applicable vesting date and (ii) performance-vested RSUs for 449,380 shares of Class A Common Stock, which will vest over the applicable performance period based on the achievement of certain performance targets, as set forth in the governing award agreement, subject to Mr. Wilk s continued service as of the applicable vesting date. 
 
 121 

On March 16, 2022 the Company granted to Mr. Lowe RSUs for 600,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, which will vest ratably over four years, with 25 of the award vesting on each of January 1, 2023, January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026, respectively, subject to Mr. Lowe s continued service as of the applicable vesting date. 
 
 On March 16, 2022 the Company granted to Ms. Gourbault (i) RSUs for 300,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, which will vest in two installments over the two-year period following the date of grant, with one-third vesting on January 1, 2023 and the remaining two-thirds vesting on January 1, 2024, subject to Ms. Gourbault s continued service as of the applicable vesting date and (ii) RSUs for 300,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, which will vest ratably over four years, with 25 of the award vesting on each of January 1, 2023, January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026, respectively, subject to Ms. Gourbault s continued service as of the applicable vesting date. The RSUs will be settled into Class A Common Stock upon vesting. 
 
 On March 16, 2022 the Company granted to each of Mr. Fitzsimmons and Mr. Maes RSUs for 250,000 shares of Class A Common Stock, which will vest ratably over four years, with 25 of the award vesting on each of January 1, 2023, January 1, 2024, January 1, 2025 and January 1, 2026, respectively, subject Mr. Fitzsimmons or Mr. Maes s, as applicable, continued service as of the applicable vesting date. 
 
 Outstanding Equity Awards at December 31, 2022 
 
 The following table sets forth information concerning unexercised options and equity incentive plan awards which have not yet vested for the named executive officers as of the end of our fiscal year ended December 31, 2022. 
 
 Options Stock Awards Named Executive Officer 
 Grant Date 
 Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Exercisable 
 Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock Underlying Unexercised Options (#) Unexercisable 
 Option Exercise Price (4) 
 Option Expiration Date 
 Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Number of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not yet vested (#) Equity Incentive Plan Awards: Market or payout value of unearned shares, units or other rights that have not vested ) (2) 
 Jonathan Wilk 3/16/2022 1,572,831 7,893,943 Amanda Gourbault 3/16/2022 600,000 2,946,000 Adam Lowe 5/15/2015 227,845 0.01 05/15/2025 10/9/2018 338,923 4.31 10/9/2028 3/16/2022 600,000 2,946,000 Gregoire Maes (1) 
 6/15/2020 204,056 76,083 6.36 06/15/2030 3/16/2022 250,000 1,227,500 Timothy Fitzsimmons 5/15/2015 665,566 0.01 05/15/2025 3/16/2022 250,000 1,227,500 
 
 Notes : 
 122 

(1) Subject to the terms and conditions of the Incentive Plan, 25 of Mr. Maes options became exercisable on the first anniversary of his employment commencement date of January 6, 2021, and the remaining options vested in increments of 2.08 beginning on the first anniversary of the grant date and on such date every month thereafter, through the fourth anniversary of the grant date. 
 (2) Represents RSUs, which were granted on the dates and in the amounts shown in the table above. The value reported for time-vesting RSUs was determined by multiplying the number of unvested RSUs by the closing market price of 4.91 of the Company's Class A Common Stock on December 30, 2022. For Mr. Wilk, the value reported also includes performance-vesting RSUs (as shown in the table above) which vest over the applicable performance period based on the achievement of performance targets as set forth in the governing award agreement, with a market value based upon the probable outcome of such conditions. 
 
 Agreements with Named Executive Officers 
 
 The Company entered into new employment agreements (each, an Employment Agreement collectively, the Employment Agreements through its wholly owned subsidiary CompoSecure, L.L.C. with its named executive officers (each, an Executive ), effective as of, and contingent upon, the closing of the Business Combination (as defined below) (or, in the case of Amanda Gourbault, effective as of December 7, 2021). Each Employment Agreement generally contains the same terms and conditions for each Executive, with exceptions noted below. 
 
 Under the terms of the new Employment Agreement with Jonathan C. Wilk, the Company s President and Chief Executive Officer Wilk Agreement ), Mr. Wilk s base salary would increase prospectively to 600,000; Mr. Wilk s annual target bonus opportunity will remain at 100 of his base salary (with a maximum payout of 200 of base salary), based on individual and/or company performance and determined by the Compensation Committee of the Board Compensation Committee ). 
 
 Under the terms of the new Employment Agreement with Tim Fitzsimmons, the Company s Chief Financial Officer, Mr. Fitzsimmons s base salary would increase prospectively to 375,000 and his annual target bonus opportunity will increase from 50 of his base salary to 60 of his base salary (with a maximum payout of 120 of base salary), based on individual and/or company performance and determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 Under the terms of the new Employment Agreement with Adam Lowe, the Company s Chief Product Innovation Officer, Dr. Lowe s base salary would increase prospectively to 425,000 and his annual target bonus opportunity will increase from 50 of his base salary to 60 of his base salary (with a maximum payout of 120 of base salary), based on individual and/or company performance and determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 Under the terms of the Employment Agreement with Amanda Gourbault, the Company s Chief Revenue Officer, she will receive a base salary of 500,000, with an annual target bonus opportunity of 100 of her base salary (with a maximum payout of 200 of base salary), based on individual and/or company performance and determined by the Compensation Committee. She will also receive a 750,000 cash bonus paid to Ms. Gourbault in recognition of her loss of economic rewards due to her early departure from her previous position to join CompoSecure, which she will be obligated to repay if she leaves employment (other than as a result of a termination without Cause or a resignation for Good Reason, as defined in the Employment Agreement) during her first year of employment. 
 
 Under the terms of the new Employment Agreement with Gregoire (Greg) Maes, the Company s Chief Operating Officer, Mr. Maes s base salary would increase prospectively to 375,000 and his annual target bonus opportunity will increase from 50 of his base salary to 60 of his base salary (with a maximum payout of 120 of base salary), based on individual and/or company performance and determined by the Compensation Committee. 
 
 As more specifically described and set forth in the respective Employment Agreements, each of Mr. Wilk, Mr. Fitzsimmons, Ms. Gourbault, Dr. Lowe, and Mr. Maes will receive an initial restricted stock unit grant under the Equity Incentive Plan (each, a Staking Grant ). Ms. Gourbault will also receive a separate sign-on grant. Starting in the 2023 fiscal year, each Executive will be eligible to receive annual long-term incentive equity awards in the form of time-vested restricted stock units and performance stock units under the Company s equity incentive plan. 
 
 123 

The Employment Agreements contain certain rights of each of the Executives and the Company to terminate the Executives employment, including a termination by the Company for Cause and a resignation by the Executive for Good Reason (each, as defined in the Employment Agreements), and specifies certain compensation following termination of employment. 
 
 Upon a termination of Mr. Fitzsimmons, Ms. Gourbault s, Dr. Lowe s, or Mr. Maes s employment by the Company without Cause or by the Executive with Good Reason, other than within two years of a Change in Control (as defined in the Employment Agreements), each such Executive will be eligible to receive an amount equal to one times the sum of (i) the Executive s then-current annual base salary, plus (ii) target bonus for the year of termination, payable in installments over the one year period following the date of termination. Further, certain equity grants will vest pro-rata based on the date of termination (performance- vested equity, if any, will vest based on target performance), and Ms. Gourbault s sign-on grant will fully vest. Additionally, the Company will make a lump-sum payment to the Executive equal to Executive s applicable costs of COBRA coverage for 12 months COBRA Payment ). 
 
 If employment is terminated by the Company without Cause or Mr. Fitzsimmons, Ms. Gourbault, Dr. Lowe, or Mr. Maes resigns with Good Reason within two years of a Change in Control, in addition to the COBRA Payment, the Company will pay the Executive an amount equal to: (i) one times the sum of (A) the Executive s then-current annual base salary, plus (B) the Executive s target annual bonus for the year of termination; plus (ii) a pro-rata portion of the Executive s annual bonus for the year of termination based on actual performance for the applicable performance period. Further, all time-vested equity will become immediately vested and all performance-vested equity will vest based on actual performance as of the date of the applicable Change in Control. 
 
 With respect to Mr. Wilk, if he is terminated without Cause or he resigns with Good Reason, the Company will pay him an amount equal to: (i) two times the sum of (A) his then-current annual base salary, plus (B) his target annual bonus for the year of termination; plus (ii) a pro-rata portion of his annual bonus for the year of termination, based on actual performance for the applicable performance period (collectively, Severance Payment ). If such termination occurs other than within two years of a Change in Control, the Severance Payment will be paid in installments over the one-year period following the date of termination; if termination occurs within two years of a Change in Control, the Severance Payment will be paid in lump sum. Whether or not a termination without Cause or a resignation with Good Reason occurs in connection with a Change in Control, the Company will make a lump-sum payment to Mr. Wilk equal to applicable cost of COBRA coverage for 24 months. Additionally, aside from Mr. Wilk s Staking Grant which is discussed below, all time-vested equity will vest pro-rata based on the date of termination and all performance-vested equity will vest pro-rata based on target performance, unless termination occurs within two years of a Change in Control, in which case time-vested equity will vest in full, and performance- vested equity will vest pro-rata based on actual performance as of the date of the Change in Control. Any portion of Mr. Wilk s Staking Grant that vests based on time will vest in full and any portion of Mr. Wilk s Staking Grant that vests based on performance will vest pro-rata based on the timing of his termination during specified performance periods for each performance vesting milestone and only upon the achievement of one or both such milestones by the end of their relevant performance periods. 
 
 With respect to Mr. Fitzsimmons, Ms. Gourbault, Dr. Lowe, and Mr. Maes, if termination is due to Disability, each Executive s Staking Grant will vest pro-rata based on the date of termination. If any of Mr. Fitzsimmons, Ms. Gourbault, Dr. Lowe, or Mr. Maes dies during their term of employment with the Company, all time-vested equity that was granted more than one year prior to the date of termination will vest pro-rata. 
 
 If Mr. Wilk terminates due to Disability, all time-vested equity (including time-vested Staking Grants) shall vest pro-rata and performance-vested equity, other than the Staking Grants, will vest based on target performance. Any portion of Mr. Wilk s Staking Grant that vests based on performance will vest pro-rata based on the achievement of certain milestones as set forth in the Wilk Agreement. If Mr. Wilk dies during his term of employment, all time-vested equity that was granted more than one year prior to the date of termination will vest pro-rata and performance-vested equity, other than the Staking Grants, will vest based on target performance. Any portion of Mr. Wilk s Staking Grant that vests based on performance will vest pro-rata based on the achievement of certain milestones as set forth in the Wilk Agreement. 
 
 124 

Each of the Executives is subject to covenants not to compete with the Company or solicit its employees or customers during their employment and for a period of 24 months following their termination of employment for any reason. 
 
 Retirement Benefits 
 
 The Company has a 401(k) profit sharing plan for all full-time employees who have attained the age of 21 and completed 90 days of service. The Company matches 100 of the first 1 and then 50 of the next 5 of employee contributions. 

Item 12. Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 
 
 The following table sets forth information regarding the beneficial ownership of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock as of March 1, 2023 by: 

each person known by the Company to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of outstanding Class A Common Stock or Class B Common Stock; 
 
 each of the Company s current named executive officers and directors; and 
 
 all current executive officers and directors of the Company as a group. 

Beneficial ownership is determined according to the rules of the SEC, which generally provide that a person has beneficial ownership of a security if he, she, or it possesses sole or shared voting or investment power over that security, including options and warrants that are currently exercisable or exercisable within 60 days of March 1, 2023. 
 
 Unless otherwise indicated, the Company believes that each person named in the table below has sole voting and investment power with respect to all shares of Common Stock beneficially owned by such person. 
 
 Name and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number of Shares of Class A Common Stock (2) 
 Percentage of Class A Common Stock (2) 
 Number of Shares of Class B Common Stock (2) 
 Percentage of Class B Common Stock (2) 
 Percentage of Total Voting Power (3) 
 Directors and current named executive officers Mitchell Hollin (4) (Direct or 
 34,526,408 57.5 44.4 Michele Logan (5) Director 
 21,564,279 35.9 27.7 Paul Galant Director 
 Niloofar Razi Howe Director 
 37,943 Brian Hughes Director 
 29,524 Jane J. Thompson (Directo r 
 29,524 Jonathan Wilk (6) President, Chief Executive Officer and Director 
 186,360 1.1 1,236,027 2.1 1.6 
 125 

Timothy Fitzsimmons (7) (Chief Financial Office r 
 708,606 3.9 Adam Lowe (7) (Chief Product and Innovation Office r 
 661,128 3.6 Gregoire Maes (7) (Chief Operating Office r 
 251,325 1.4 Amanda Gourbault (8) Chief Revenue Officer 
 140,005 All directors and named executive officers as a group (11 persons) 2,108,844 11.0 57,326,714 95.4 75 Five Percent Holders Entities affiliated with LLR Partners (4) 
 34,526,408 57.5 44.4 Entities affiliated with Michele Logan (5) 
 21,564,279 35.9 27.7 Roman DBDR Tech Sponsor LLC (9) 
 11,152,733 39.1 12.6 Highbridge Capital Management, LLC (10) 
 4,484,100 22.7 5.6 Bleichroeder Holdings LLC (11) 
 3,089,450 17.4 4.0 Tikvah Management LLC (12) 
 3,085,423 15.6 3.9 Whitebox Advisors LLC (13) 
 1,679,996 8.9 2.1 Steven J. McLaughlin (14) 
 1,500,000 8.5 1.9 Spurwink Management LLC (15) 
 1,200,799 6.4 1.5 Corsair Capital Partners, L.P. (16) 
 1,118,672.00 6.2 1.4 Invenire Partners, LP (17) 
 871,126 4.9 1.1 
 Less than 1 . 
 
 1. The business address of each of Mitchell Hollin, Michele Logan, Niloofar Razi Howe, Brian Hughes, Jane J. Thompson, Jonathan C. Wilk, Timothy Fitzsimmons, Adam Lowe, Gregoire Maes, Paul Galant and Amanda Gourbault is 309 Pierce Street, Somerset, New Jersey 08873. 
 
 126 

2. The beneficial ownership of the Company as of March 1, 2023 is based on (A) 17,674,735 shares of Class A Common Stock outstanding as of such date and (B) 60,097,611 shares of Class B Common Stock outstanding as of such date. 
 
 3. Percentage of total voting power represents voting power with respect to all shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock, held beneficially as a single class. The holders of Class B Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share, and holders of Class A Common Stock are entitled to one vote per share. 
 
 4. Includes 33,071,603 shares of Class B Common Stock (which is unregistered), and a corresponding number of Class B Common Units issued by CompoSecure (the subsidiary of the Company, which is also unregistered) that are exchangeable for Class A Common Stock on a share-for-share basis, subject to adjustment, and a corresponding cancellation of the Class B Common Stock, held by LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P. and 1,454,805 shares of Class B Common Stock held by LLR Equity Partners Parallel IV, L.P. that are exchangeable for Class A Common Stock on a share-for-share basis, subject to adjustment. Mr. Hollin may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 34,526,408 shares of Class B Common Stock because he is a member of LLR Capital IV, LLC, the General Partner of LLR Capital IV, L.P., the General Partner of LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P. and LLR Equity Partners Parallel IV, L.P.. and Mr. Hollin is LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P. s and LLR Equity Partners Parallel IV, L.P. s designee to the Company s board of directors. Mr. Hollin disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P. and LLR Equity Partners Parallel IV, L.P. 
 
 5. Consists of (i) 14,180,147 shares of Class B Common Stock, and a corresponding number of Class B Common Units issued by CompoSecure that are exchangeable for Class A Common Stock on a share- for-share basis, subject to adjustment, and a corresponding cancellation of the Class B Common Stock, held by Ms. Logan; (ii) 849,502 shares of Class B Common Stock, and a corresponding number of Class B Common Units issued by CompoSecure that are exchangeable for Class A Common Stock on a share- for-share basis, subject to adjustment, and a corresponding cancellation of the Class B Common Stock, held by the Carol D. Herslow Credit Shelter Trust B Credit Shelter Trust and 6,534,630 shares of Class B Common Stock, and a corresponding number of Class B Common Units issued by CompoSecure that are exchangeable for Class A Common Stock on a share-for-share basis, subject to adjustment, and a corresponding cancellation of the Class B Common Stock, held by Ephesians 3:16 Holdings LLC Ephesians Holdings ). Of the 6,534,630 shares of Class B Common Stock held by Ephesians Holdings, 3,267,315 shares may be deemed to be beneficially owned by The MDL Family Trust MDL Trust and 3,267,315 shares of may be deemed to be beneficially owned by The DML Family Trust DML Trust ). The business address of the above entities is 309 Pierce Street, Somerset, New Jersey 08873. Ephesians Holdings is a manager-managed LLC, and Ms. Logan serves as the manager, with the ability to exercise voting and dispositive power with respect to the Class B Common Stock held by Ephesians Holdings. The MLD Trust and the DML Trust are the sole members of Ephesians Holdings, each owning half of the total membership interests therein, and Ms. Logan serves as the Investment Adviser of each of the MDL Trust and the DML Trust. Tiedemann Trust Company acts as Administrative Trustee of each of the MDL Trust and the DML Trust. As a result, Ms. Logan, Ephesians Holdings and the MDL Trust and the DML Trust (to the extent of their respective membership interests therein) possess shared voting and dispositive power over the shares of Class B Common Stock held by Ephesians Holdings. Ms. Logan is a Co-Trustee of the Credit Shelter Trust, and, as a result, may be deemed to share voting and dispositive power with respect to the Class B Common Stock held by the Credit Shelter Trust. Ms. Logan expressly disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by the entities in this footnote 5. 
 
 6. Includes 1,236,027 shares of Class B Common Stock, and a corresponding number of Class B Common Units issued by CompoSecure that are exchangeable for Class A Common Stock on a share-for-share basis, subject to adjustment, and a corresponding cancellation of the Class B Common Stock, held by CompoSecure Employee LLC. Mr. Wilk may be deemed the beneficial owner of the 1,236,027 shares of Class B Common Stock because he serves as the sole member of the CompoSecure Employee LLC. Mr. Wilk disclaims beneficial ownership of the shares held by the CompoSecure Employee LLC. 
 
 7. Includes the number of shares of Class A Common Stock that the named executive officer has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 1, 2023 through the exercise of stock options issued under the CompoSecure, L.L.C. Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan. 
 127 

8. Includes 14,397 shares of Class A Common Stock owned by Ms. Gourbault s husband, for which Ms. Gourbault disclaims beneficial ownership. 
 
 9. Includes 10,837,400 shares of Class A Common Stock that Roman DBDR Tech Sponsor LLC has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 1, 2023 through the exercise of warrants and 315,333 shares of Class A Common Stock owned by Roman DBDR Tech Sponsor LLC which are expected to be transferred to certain members of the stockholder. Dr. Donald G. Basile and Dixon Doll Jr. may be deemed the beneficial owners of the 10,837,400 shares of Class A Common Stock because each of Dr. Basile and Mr. Doll serves as the Managing Member of Roman DBDR Tech Sponsor LLC. The principal business address for these stockholders is 2877 Paradise Road, #27, Las Vegas, Nevada 89109. These individuals disclaim beneficial ownership of the shares held by Roman DBDR Tech Sponsor LLC. 
 
 10. Highbridge Capital Management, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company and the investment adviser to certain funds and accounts (the Highbridge Funds beneficially own shares of Class A Common Stock directly and shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exchange of certain exchangeable notes directly held by the Highbridge Funds. The address for these stockholders is 277 Park Avenue, 23rd Floor, New York, New York 10172. This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed by such persons on February 10, 2023. 
 
 11. Bleichroeder LP ("Bleichroeder"), an investment adviser registered under Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940, is deemed to be the beneficial owner of 3,089,450 shares,of Class A Common Stock. The 3,089,450 shares include 2,989,450 shares of Class A Common Stock and 100,000 shares of Class A Common Stock issuable upon exercise of warrants. 21 April Fund Ltd., a Cayman Islands company for which Bleichroeder acts as investment adviser, holds 1,990,450 shares of these 3,089,450 shares. 21 April Fund, LP, a Delaware limited partnership for which Bleichroeder acts as investment adviser, holds 799,000 shares of these 3,089,450 shares. Clients of Bleichroeder have the right to receive and the ultimate power to direct the receipt of dividends from, or the proceeds of the sale of, such securities. The principal business address for these stockholders is 1345 Avenue of the Americas, 47th Floor New York, NY 10105. This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed by such persons on February 14, 2023. 
 
 12. Includes an aggregate of 3,085,423 shares of Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by Tikvah Management LLC and David Cohen. Includes 2,697,388 shares of Class A Common Stock beneficially owned by The Ezrah Charitable Trust. The above beneficial ownership amounts include 2,045,337 shares of Class A Common Stock underlying exercisable warrants beneficially owned by these stockholders. The address for these stockholders is 5970 Fairview Road, Suite 705, Charlotte, North Carolina 28210. This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed by such persons on February 10, 2023. 
 
 13. Each of Whitebox Advisors LLC, a Delaware limited liability company WA and Whitebox General Partner LLC, a Delaware limited liability company WGP is deemed to be the beneficial owner of 1,679,996 shares of Common Stock, as a result of WA s clients ownership of (i) 25,000,000 principal amount of the Issuer s 7.00 Exchangeable Senior Notes due 2026 Notes ), which are convertible into shares of Common Stock based on the initial conversion rate of 86.9565 shares of Common Stock per 1,000 principal amount of Notes, but subject to the Blocker (as defined below), and (ii) 470,000 shares of Common Stock. The Notes are subject to a blocker which prevents the holder from converting the Notes to the extent that, upon such conversion, the holder would beneficially own in excess of 9.90 of the Common Stock outstanding as a result of the conversion (the Blocker ). The principal business address for WA and WGP is 3033 Excelsior Boulevard, Suite 500, Minneapolis, MN 55416. This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed by such persons on February 14, 2023. 
 
 14. The address for this stockholder is 1521 Alton Road, #345, Miami Beach, FL 33139. This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed by such persons on December 9, 2022. 
 
 15. Includes 1,200,799 shares of Class A Common Stock that Spurwink Management LLC has the right to acquire within 60 days of March 1, 2023 through the exercise of warrants beneficially owned by Spurwink Management LLC, Kirkwood Partners LLC and Cyrus David Miller. The principal business address for these stockholders is 5970 Fairview Road, suite 705, Charlotte, NC 28210. This information is based on a Schedule 13G filed by such persons on April 27, 2022. 
 128 

16. Reflects beneficial ownership of 1,118,672 shares of Common Stock, including 339,383 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable warrants held collectively by Corsair Capital Partners, L.P. Corsair Capital ), Corsair Capital Partners 100, L.P. Corsair 100 ), Corsair Select L.P. Corsair Select ), Corsair Select 100 L.P. Select 100 ), Corsair Capital Investors, Ltd Corsair Investors ), Corsair Select Master Fund, Ltd. Select Master ), Corsair Capital Management, L.P. Corsair Management ), Jay R. Petschek Mr. Petschek and, Steven Major Mr. Major ). Corsair Capital individually owns 193,317 shares of Common Stock, including 59,783 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable warrants. Corsair 100 individually owns 28,119 shares of Common Stock, including 8,800 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable warrants. Corsair Select individually owns 685,967 shares of Common Stock, including 206,934 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable warrants.Select 100 individually owns 104,515 shares of Common Stock, including 31,565 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable warrants. Corsair Investors individually owns 12,482 shares of Common Stock, including 3,798 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable warrants. Select Master individually owns 94,586 shares of Common Stock, including 28,503 shares of Common Stock underlying currently exercisable warrants. Corsair Management, as the investment manager of each of Corsair Capital, Corsair 100, Corsair Select, Select 100, Corsair Investors and Select Master is deemed to beneficially own 1,118,672 shares of Common Stock Mr. Petschek, as a controlling person of Corsair Management, is deemed to individually beneficially own 1,118,672 shares of Common Stock. Mr. Major, as a controlling person of Corsair Management, is deemed to individually beneficially own 1,118,672 shares of Common Stock. The principal business address for each of Corsair Capital, Corsair 100, Corsair Select, Select 100, Corsair Management, Mr. Petschek and Mr. Major is 366 Madison Ave, 12th floor, New York, NY 10017. The principal business address for each of Corsair Investors and Select Master is M C Corporate Services Ltd, Box 309, George Town, Cayman Islands KY1-1104.This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G/A filed by such persons on February 14, 2023. 
 
 17. The address for this stockholder is 90 Grove Street Suite 108, Ridgefield CT 06877. This information is based solely on a Schedule 13G filed by such person on January 23, 2023. 
 
 SECURITIES AUTHORIZED FOR ISSUANCE UNDER EQUITY COMPENSATION PLANS 
 
 The following table includes information related to shares available and outstanding awards under our equity incentive plans as of December 31, 2022: 
 
 Plan Category 
 Number of Securities to be issued upon Exercise of outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights (#) 
 Weighted-average Exercise Price of Outstanding Options, Warrants and Rights ) 
 Number of Securities Remaining Available for Future Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans (#) (1) 
 Equity Compensation Plans approved by Security Holders 
 10,803,290 1.44 8,325,564 Equity Compensation Plans not approved by Security Holders 
 Total 
 10,803,290 8,325,564 
 
 Note: 
 (1) On January 1, 2023, an additional 3, 066 ,514 shares of common stock were automatically added to the shares authorized for issuance under the CompoSecure, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan pursuant to an evergreen provision contained therein. Pursuant to the evergreen provision, commencing with the first business day of each calendar year beginning in 2022, the aggregate number of shares of Class A Common Stock that may be issued or transferred under the CompoSecure, Inc. 2021 Equity Incentive Plan shall be increased by 4 of the number of shares of Class A Common Stock and Class B Common Stock of the Company outstanding as of the last day of the immediately preceding calendar year, or any lesser number of shares of Class A Common Stock determined by the board of directors of the Company. 

Item 13. Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 129 

CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Person Transactions of the Company 
 
 Indemnification Agreements 
 
 The Company s Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation contains provisions limiting the liability of directors and provides that the Company will indemnify the directors and executive officers to the fullest extent not prohibited by Delaware law. Subject to certain limitations, the Bylaws also require us to advance expenses incurred by the directors and officers. In addition, the Company entered, and expects to continue to enter into, indemnification agreements with its directors, executive officers, and other employees as determined by the Company s Board of Directors. Each indemnification agreement provides for indemnification and advancements by the Company of certain expenses and costs, if the basis of the indemnitee s involvement was by reason of the fact that the indemnitee is or was a director, officer, employee, or agent of the Company or any of its subsidiaries or was serving at the Company s request in an official capacity for another entity, to the fullest extent permitted by the laws of the state of Delaware. 
 
 Policies and Procedures for Related Party Transactions 
 
 The Company has adopted a written related person transaction policy that provides that its executive officers, directors, nominees for election as a director, beneficial owners of more than 5 of Common Stock, and any members of the immediate family of and any entity affiliated with any of the foregoing persons, are not permitted to enter into a material related person transaction with the Company without the review and approval of the Company s audit committee, or a the audit committee chair or chairman of the Company s Board of Directors in the event it is inappropriate or infeasible for audit committee to review such transaction due to a conflict of interest or timing constraints. 
 
 The policy provides that any transaction which would be required to be publicly disclosed as a related party transaction by the rules of the SEC will be evaluated by the audit committee, and whether the related person s interest in a transaction is material for purposes of the SEC s rules will be considered in light of all relevant facts and circumstances available and deemed relevant to the audit committee (or the audit committee chair/chair of the Board, as appropriate) including, but not limited to, whether the transaction is on terms no less favorable than terms generally available to an unaffiliated third party under the same or similar circumstances and the extent of the related person s interest in the transaction. 
 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement 
 
 Pursuant to the Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement entered into by the Company, Roman DBDR Tech Sponsor LLC Roman Sponsor and certain of the Company s equityholders at Closing, such equityholders and Roman Sponsor hold registration rights with respect to the securities held by them. Stockholders holding registrable securities will be entitled to make a written demand for registration under the Securities Act of all or part of their registrable securities. Subject to certain exceptions, such stockholders will also have certain piggy-back registration rights with respect to registration statements filed by the Company, as well additional rights to provide for registration of registrable securities on Form S-3 and any similar short-form registration statement that may be available at such time. 
 
 Stockholders Agreement 
 
 At the Closing, the Company, Roman Sponsor and certain holders of our Common Stock (Roman Sponsor and the such holders, collectively, the Voting Parties entered into a stockholders agreement (the Stockholders Agreement ), which provides for certain voting agreements of the Voting Parties, and, among other things, sets forth certain requirements regarding the composition of the our Board following the Closing. Under the Stockholders Agreement, the Voting Parties (1) agree to vote or cause to be voted all shares of Common Stock, whether at a regular or special meeting of our stockholders, in such a manner as may be necessary to elect and/or maintain the board of directors in accordance with the Stockholders Agreement; and (2) agree to the Lock-up Period (as defined below). 
 
 130 

Pursuant to the Stockholders Agreement, the directors appointed to our Board concurrently with Closing consisted of (i) our Chief Executive Officer (i.e., Jonathan C. Wilk), (ii) one person designated by LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P., (iii) one person designated by Roman Sponsor or its affiliate, (iv) one person designated by Michele D. Logan; and (v) three independent directors, as mutually agreed upon by Michele D. Logan, LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P. and Roman Sponsor and designated by our nominating committee. 
 
 Roman Sponsor, LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P., and Michele D. Logan, and their respective affiliates, will continue to have the right to designate directors for election or re-election to our Board and agree on independent directors in accordance with the Stockholders Agreement so long as each owns 2.5 or more of the outstanding shares of Common Stock. 
 
 The Stockholders Agreement shall terminate (i) on the date on which no person initially designated to the our Board continues to serve on our Board, and (ii) with respect to any Voting Party, at such time as such Voting Party ceases to own or otherwise hold the power to direct the vote of any Common Stock. 
 
 Tax Receivable Agreement 
 
 The Company is a party to the Tax Receivable Agreement, attached as an Exhibit to which this prospectus forms a part, with the TRA Parties (as defined therein). The Tax Receivable Agreement provides for the payment by CompoSecure, Inc. to certain Holdings holders of 90 of the benefits, if any, that CompoSecure, Inc. is deemed to realize (calculated using certain assumptions) as a result of (i) CompoSecure, Inc. s allocable share of existing tax basis in the assets of CompoSecure and its subsidiaries acquired (A) in the Business Combination and (B) upon sales or exchanges of units of limited liability company membership interests in CompoSecure as defined in the Holdings Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2021, as amended CompoSecure Units pursuant to the Exchange Agreement after the Business Combination, (ii) certain increases in tax basis that occur as a result of (A) the Business Combination and (B) sales or exchanges of CompoSecure Units pursuant to the Exchange Agreement after the Business Combination, and (iii) certain other tax benefits, including tax benefits attributable to payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. These tax attributes may increase (for tax purposes) CompoSecure, Inc. s depreciation and amortization deductions and, therefore, may reduce the amount of tax that CompoSecure, Inc. would otherwise be required to pay in the future, although the IRS may challenge all or part of the validity of such tax attributes, and a court could sustain such a challenge. Such tax basis may also decrease gains (or increase losses) on future dispositions of certain capital assets to the extent tax basis is allocated to those capital assets. Actual tax benefits realized by CompoSecure, Inc. may differ from tax benefits calculated under the Tax Receivable Agreement as a result of the use of certain assumptions in the Tax Receivable Agreement, including the use of an assumed weighted-average state and local income tax rate to calculate tax benefits. The payment obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement are an obligation of CompoSecure, Inc., but not of CompoSecure. CompoSecure, Inc. expects to benefit from the remaining 10 of realized cash tax benefits. For purposes of the Tax Receivable Agreement, the realized cash tax benefits will be computed by comparing the actual income tax liability of CompoSecure, Inc. to the amount of such taxes that CompoSecure, Inc. would have been required to pay had there been no existing tax basis and no tax basis adjustments, and had Roman DBDR/CompoSecure, Inc. not entered into the Tax Receivable Agreement. The actual and hypothetical tax liabilities determined in the Tax Receivable Agreement will be calculated using the actual U.S. federal income tax rate in effect for the applicable period and an assumed, weighted- average state and local income tax rate based on apportionment factors for the applicable period (along with the use of certain other assumptions). The term of the Tax Receivable Agreement will continue until all such tax benefits have been utilized or expired, unless (i) CompoSecure, Inc. exercises its right to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement for an amount based on the agreed payments remaining to be made under the agreement (as described in more detail below), (ii) CompoSecure, Inc. breaches any of its material obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement in which case all obligations (including any additional interest due relating to any deferred payments) generally will be accelerated and due as if CompoSecure, Inc. had exercised its right to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement, or (iii) there is a change of control of CompoSecure, Inc., in which case the holders of CompoSecure Units in Holdings as of the time immediately before the Business Combination may elect to receive an amount based on the agreed payments remaining to be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement determined as described above in clause (i). Estimating the amount of payments that may be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement is by its nature imprecise, insofar as the calculation of amounts payable depends on a variety of factors. The increase in CompoSecure, Inc. s allocable share of existing tax basis and the tax basis adjustments, as well as the amount and timing of any payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement, will vary depending upon a number of factors, including: 
 
 131 

the timing of exchanges-for instance, the increase in any tax basis will vary depending on the fair market value, which may fluctuate over time, of the depreciable or amortizable assets of CompoSecure at the time of each exchange. In addition, the increase in CompoSecure, Inc. s allocable share of existing tax basis acquired upon the future exchange of CompoSecure Units for shares of Class A Common Stock will vary depending on the amount of remaining existing tax basis at the time of such exchange; 
 
 the price of shares of our Class A Common Stock at the time of the exchange-the increase in any tax deductions, as well as the tax basis increase in other assets, of CompoSecure, is proportional to the price of shares of our Class A Common Stock at the time of the exchange; 
 
 the extent to which such exchanges are taxable-if an exchange is not taxable for any reason, increased deductions will not be available; and 
 
 the amount and timing of our income- CompoSecure, Inc. is obligated to pay 90 of the cash tax benefits under the Tax Receivable Agreement as and when realized. If CompoSecure, Inc. does not have hypothetical taxable income, CompoSecure, Inc. is not required (absent a change of control or circumstances requiring an early termination payment) to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement for a taxable year in which it does not have hypothetical taxable income because no cash tax benefits will have been realized. However, any tax attributes that do not result in realized benefits in a given tax year may be utilized to generate benefits in other tax years. The utilization of such tax attributes will result in cash tax benefits that will result in payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. 
 
 We expect that if there were an exchange of all of the outstanding CompoSecure Units (other than those held by CompoSecure, Inc.) immediately after the Business Combination, the estimated tax benefits to CompoSecure, Inc. subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement would be approximately 189.98 million, based on certain assumptions, including but not limited to a 10.00 per share trading price of Class A Common Stock, a 21 U.S. federal corporate income tax rate and estimated applicable state and local income tax rates, no material change in U.S. federal income tax law and that CompoSecure, Inc. will have sufficient taxable income to utilize such estimated tax benefits. The foregoing amount is merely an estimate and the actual tax benefits could differ materially. There may be a material negative effect on our liquidity if, as a result of timing discrepancies or otherwise, the payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement exceed the actual cash tax benefits that CompoSecure, Inc. realizes in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement and/or distributions to CompoSecure, Inc. by CompoSecure are not sufficient to permit CompoSecure, Inc. to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement after it has paid taxes. Certain late payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement generally will accrue interest at an uncapped rate equal to one year LIBOR (or its successor rate) plus 500 basis points. The payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement are not conditioned upon continued ownership of us by the exchanging holders of CompoSecure Units. 
 
 In addition, the Tax Receivable Agreement provides that upon certain changes of control, CompoSecure, Inc. s (or its successor s) obligations with respect to exchanged or acquired CompoSecure Units (whether exchanged or acquired before or after such transaction or all relevant tax attributes allocable to CompoSecure, Inc. at the time of a change of control), would be accelerated and the amounts payable would be based on certain assumptions, including whether CompoSecure, Inc. would have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize the deductions arising from the tax attributes that are subject to Tax Receivable Agreement. With respect to previously exchanged or acquired CompoSecure Units or all relevant tax attributes allocable to CompoSecure, Inc. at the time of a change of control, we would be required to make a payment equal to the present value (at a discount rate equal to the lesser of (i) 6.5 per annum and (ii) one year LIBOR, or its successor rate, plus 100 basis points) of the anticipated future tax benefits determined using assumptions (ii) through (v) of the following paragraph. 
 
 Furthermore, CompoSecure, Inc. may elect to terminate the Tax Receivable Agreement early by making an immediate payment equal to the present value of the anticipated future cash tax benefits with respect to all CompoSecure Units. In determining such anticipated future cash tax benefits, the Tax Receivable Agreement includes several assumptions, including that (i) any CompoSecure Units that have not been exchanged are deemed exchanged for the market value of the shares of Class A Common Stock at the time of termination, (ii)CompoSecure, Inc. will have sufficient taxable income in each future taxable year to fully realize all potential tax benefits, (iii) CompoSecure, Inc. will have sufficient taxable income to fully utilize any remaining net operating 
 132 

losses subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement on a straight line basis over the shorter of the statutory expiration period for such net operating losses or the five-year period after the early termination or change in control, (iv) the tax rates for future years will be those specified in the law as in effect at the time of termination, and (v) certain non-amortizable assets are deemed disposed of within specified time periods. In addition, the present value of such anticipated future cash tax benefits are discounted at a rate equal to the lesser of (i) 6.5 per annum and (ii) one year LIBOR, or its successor rate, plus 100 basis points. If the Tax Receivable Agreement were terminated immediately after the closing of the Business Combination and based on the same assumptions used to estimate the tax benefits to CompoSecure, Inc. subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement, the estimated early termination payments would be, in the aggregate, approximately 205.92 million (calculated using a discount rate equal to one-year LIBOR plus 100 basis points, applied against an undiscounted liability of approximately 229.83 million, representing an amount equal to 90 of the approximately 255.37 million of estimated tax benefits to CompoSecure, Inc. that are subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement). The foregoing amounts are merely estimates and the actual tax benefits and early termination payments could differ materially. 
 
 As a result of the change of control provisions and the early termination right, CompoSecure, Inc. could be required to make payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement that are greater than or less than the specified percentage of the actual cash tax benefits that CompoSecure, Inc. realizes in respect of the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement (although any such overpayment would be taken into account in calculating future payments, if any, under the Tax Receivable Agreement) or that are prior to the actual realization, if any, of such future tax benefits. Also, the obligations of CompoSecure, Inc. would be automatically accelerated and be immediately due and payable in the event that CompoSecure, Inc. breaches any of its material obligations under the agreement and in certain events of bankruptcy or liquidation. In these situations, our obligations under the Tax Receivable Agreement could have a substantial negative impact on our liquidity. 
 
 Decisions made by the CompoSecure, Inc. in the course of running our business may influence the timing and amount of payments that are received by an existing holder under the Tax Receivable Agreement. For example, the earlier disposition of assets following an exchange or acquisition transaction generally will accelerate payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement and increase the present value of such payments, and the disposition of assets before an exchange will increase an existing holder s tax liability without giving rise to any rights of an existing holder to receive payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement. Payments under the Tax Receivable Agreement will be based on the tax reporting positions that we will determine. CompoSecure, Inc. will not be reimbursed for any payments previously made under the Tax Receivable Agreement if the tax attributes subject to the Tax Receivable Agreement are successfully challenged by the IRS, although such amounts may reduce our future obligations, if any, under the Tax Receivable Agreement. As a result, in certain circumstances, payments could be made under the Tax Receivable Agreement in excess of CompoSecure, Inc. s cash tax benefits. 
 
 Exchange Agreement 
 
 At the Closing of the Business Combination, the Company, Holdings and certain of our equity holders entered the Exchange Agreement. Pursuant to the Exchange Agreement, certain equity holders and such other holders of Class B Units of Holdings from time to time party thereto will be entitled to exchange Class B Units of Holdings, and surrender shares of Class B Common Stock of the Company for cancellation, in exchange for, at the option of the Company, a number of shares of Class A Common Stock of the Company or the cash equivalent of such shares. 
 
 DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 
 The information called for by this Item 15 with respect to the independence of directors is included under the heading Corporate Governance included under Item 10 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

Item 14. Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 The following table summarizes the aggregate fees billed for professional services rendered to us by Grant Thornton LLP, our independent registered public accounting firm, during the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. A description of these fees and services follows the table. 
 2022 
 2021 
 
 133 

Audit Fees (1) 
 519,750 414,760 Audit-Related Fees (2) 
 131,100 38,421 Tax Fees (3) 
 107,134 All Other Fees(4) 
 29,190 321,466 TOTAL 
 680,040 881,781 
 Notes : 
 (1) Fees for audit services in 2022 consisted of fees paid to Grant Thornton for professional services rendered for the audit and reviews of the Company's consolidated annual and interim financial statements. Fees for audit services in 2021 consisted of fees paid to Grant Thornton for professional services rendered for the audit of the Company's financials subsequent to the business combination and reviews of the CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C.'s consolidated interim financial statements. 
 (2) Audit-related fees consist of fees billed by Grant Thornton for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to the performance of the audit or review of the Company s consolidated financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. 
 (3) Tax fees consist of fees billed by Grant Thornton for services including, but not limited to, assistance with tax compliance and the preparation of tax returns, and related tax consultation services. 
 (4) Reflects audit fees billed by Grant Thornton relating to a 401(k) retirement plan sponsored by the Company and, in 2021, other fees billed by Grant Thornton for non-audit activities relating to the Company preparing to become a public reporting entity. 
 
 Pre-Approval of Audit and Permissible Non-Audit Services 
 
 The Audit Committee is exclusively authorized and directed to consider and, in its discretion, approve in advance all auditing services (including the fees and material terms thereof) and non-audit services (other than non-audit services prohibited under Section 10A(g) of the Exchange Act or the applicable rules of the SEC or the PCAOB) proposed to be carried out for the Company by the independent auditors or by any other firm proposed to be engaged by the Company as its independent auditors. In connection with approval of any permissible tax services and services related to internal control over financial reporting, the Audit Committee shall discuss with the independent auditors the potential effects of such services on the independence of the auditors. The Audit Committee delegates pre-approval authority to the Chair of the Audit Committee. In addition, the Chair may delegate pre-approval authority to one or more of the other members of the Audit Committee. Any pre-approval decisions by the Chair or member(s) to whom such authority is delegated shall be reported to the Audit Committee at its next scheduled meeting. The Audit Committee does not delegate its responsibilities to pre-approve services performed by the Independent Auditors to management. 
 
 134 

Part IV 
 
 Item 15. Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial Statements and Financial Statement Schedules 
 
 See Table of Contents to the Consolidated Financial Statement in Part II, Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. Financial statement schedules have been omitted because they are not required or are not applicable or because the information required in those schedules either is not material or is included in the consolidated financial statements or the accompanying notes. 
 
 Exhibits 
 
 The exhibits listed below are filed or incorporated by reference as part of this Annual Report on Form 10 K. 
 
 Exhibit No. Description 2.1 
 Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated April 19, 2021, by and among the Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp., Roman Parent Merger Sub, LLC, CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C., and LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P. as Member Representative (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on April 19, 2021). 
 2.2 
 Amendment No. 1 to the Agreement and Plan of Merger, dated as of May 25, 2021, by and among the Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp., Roman Parent Merger Sub, LLC, and CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 2.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on May 25, 2021). 
 3.1 
 Second Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation of CompoSecure, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 3.2 
 Second Amended and Restated Bylaws of CompoSecure, Inc. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 4.1 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to the Registration Statement on Form S-1/A (File No. 333-249330), filed with the SEC on October 19, 2020). 
 4.2 
 Warrant Agreement, dated as of November 5, 2021, between Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on November 10, 2020). 
 4.3 
 Stockholders Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2021, by and among CompoSecure, Inc., Roman DBDR Tech Sponsor LLC and the other Stockholders (as defined therein) party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 4.4 
 Description of Registrant's Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022). 
 
 135 

10. 1 
 Amended and Restated Registration Rights Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2021, by and among CompoSecure, Inc., the LLR Investors (as defined therein), the CompoSecure Investors (as defined therein), the Founder Investors (as defined therein), and the Additional Investors (as defined therein) (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10. 2 
 Tax Receivable Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2021, by and among CompoSecure, Inc., CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. and the TRA Parties (as defined therein) party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10. 3 
 Exchange Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2021, by and among CompoSecure, Inc., CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. and the holders of Class B Units of CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10. 4 
 Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2021, by and among CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C., CompoSecure, Inc. and other Members (as defined therein) party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10. 5 
 Indenture, dated as of December 27, 2021, by and among CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C., CompoSecure, Inc., the Guarantors (as defined therein) party thereto and U.S. Bank National Association (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.7 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10. 6 
 Form of 7.00 Exchangeable Senior Note, due 2026 Note, of CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.8 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10. 7 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated December 27, 2021 by and among CompoSecure, Inc., CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C. and the Investors (as defined therein) party thereto (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.9 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10. 8 
 Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, by and among CompoSecure, L.L.C., Arculus Holdings, L.L.C., CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C., the Lenders (as defined therein) party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.10 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10. 9 + 
 CompoSecure, Inc. 2021 Incentive Equity Plan and forms of agreement thereunder (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.11 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.1 0 + 
 CompoSecure, Inc. 2021 Employee Stock Purchase Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.12 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.1 1 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.13 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 
 136 

10.1 2 + 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2021, by and between CompoSecure, L.L.C. and Jonathan Wilk (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.14 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.1 3 + 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2021, by and between CompoSecure, L.L.C. and Timothy Fitzsimmons (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.15 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.1 4 + 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2021, by and between CompoSecure, L.L.C. and Adam Lowe (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.16 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.1 5 + 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 27, 2021, by and between CompoSecure, L.L.C. and Gregoire Maes (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.17 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.1 6 + 
 Employment Agreement, dated as of December 13, 2021, by and between CompoSecure, L.L.C. and Amanda Gourbault (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.18 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.1 7 
 Industrial Building Lease, dated May 2, 2016, by and between FR JH 10, LLC and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.19 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.1 8 
 Lease of Improved Property, dated December 1, 2011, by and between Baker-Properties Limited Partnership and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.20 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10. 19 
 First Amendment to Lease of Improved Property, dated December 15, 2020, by and between Baker-Properties Limited Partnership and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.21 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.2 0 
 Master Services Agreement, dated August 1, 2004, by and between American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.22 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.2 1 
 Amendment Number 1 to Master Services Agreement, dated July 31, 2016, by and between American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.23 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.2 2 
 Amendment Number 2 to Master Services Agreement, dated August 2, 2018, by and between American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.24 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.2 3 
 Amendment Number 3 to Master Services Agreement, dated January 1, 2019, by and between American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.25 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 
 137 

10.2 4 
 Amendment Number 4 to Master Services Agreement, dated July 1, 2019, by and between American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.26 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.2 5 
 Amendment Number 5 to Master Services Agreement, dated March 19, 2020, by and between American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.27 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.2 6 
 Amendment Number 6 to Master Services Agreement, dated September 1, 2020, by and between American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.28 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.2 7 
 Amendment Number 7 to Master Services Agreement, dated July 15, 2021, by and between American Express Travel Related Services Company, Inc. and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.29 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.2 8 
 Master Services Agreement, dated January 4, 2008, by and between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.30 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10. 29 
 Amendment to Master Services Agreement, dated May 1, 2014, by and between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.31 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.3 0 
 Amendment 2 to Master Services Agreement, dated June 6, 2019, by and between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.32 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.3 1 
 Amendment 3 to Master Services Agreement, dated October 7, 2019, by and between JPMorgan Chase Bank, National Association and CompoSecure, L.L.C. (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.33 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 10.3 2 
 CompoSecure, Inc. Amended and Restated Equity Incentive Plan (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.34 to the Company's Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 202 1 (File No. 001-39687), filed with the SEC on March 14, 2022). 
 10.33 
 Amendment No. 1, dated February 28, 2023, to Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021, by and among CompoSecure, L.L.C., Arculus Holdings, L.L.C., CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C., the Lenders (as defined therein) parties thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 
 16.1 
 Letter Re: Change in Certifying Accountant (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 16.1 to the Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-39687) filed with the SEC on December 29, 2021). 
 21.1 
 List of Subsidiaries. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Grant Thornton LLP 
 
 138 

31.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 
 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 
 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 Pursuant to Rules 405 and 406 of Regulation S-T, the following information from the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 is formatted in iXBRL (Inline eXtensible Business Reporting Language): (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Operations; (iii) the Consolidated Statement of Stockholders Equity; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows and (v) Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 Cover Page Interactive Data File (embedded within the inline XBRL document) 
 
 Filed herewith. 

Furnished herewith. 
 
 + 
 Indicates management contract or compensatory plan or arrangement. 

Schedules and exhibits to this agreement have been omitted pursuant to Item 601(b)(2) of Regulation S-K. A copy of any omitted schedule and/or exhibit will be furnished to the SEC upon request. 
 
 The Company has redacted provisions or terms of this Exhibit pursuant to Regulation S-K Item 601(b)(10)(iv). The Company agrees to furnish an unredacted copy of the Exhibit to the SEC upon its request. 

Item 16. Form 10-K Summary 
 
 None. 
 139 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1933, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 
 
 CompoSecure, Inc. 
 
 By: /s/ Jonathan Wilk 
 Jonathan Wilk 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 Date: March 9, 2023 
 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 
 
 Name Title Date /s/ Jonathan Wilk 
 Jonathan Wilk 
 President, Chief Executive Officer and 
 Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 March 9, 2023 /s/ Timothy Fitzsimmons 
 Timothy Fitzsimmons 
 Chief Financial and Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 
 March 9, 2023 /s/ Mitchell Hollin 
 Mitchell Hollin 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors March 9, 2023 /s/ Michele Logan 
 Michele Logan 
 Director March 9, 2023 /s/ Paul Galant 
 Paul Galant 
 Director March 9, 2023 /s/ Niloofar Razi Howe 
 Niloofar Razi Howe 
 Director March 9, 2023 /s/ Brian F. Hughes 
 Brian F. Hughes 
 Director March 9, 2023 /s/ Jane J. Thompson 
 Jane J. Thompson 
 Director March 9, 2023 

140 

<EX-10.35>
 2
 exhibit1035-jpmc_compose.htm
 EX-10.35

exhibit1035-jpmc_compose 

NAI-1535364884v9 EXECUTION VERSION AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT AND LIMITED WAIVER This AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT AND LIMITED WAIVER (this Amendment is entered into as of February 28, 2023, between CompoSecure, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company (the Borrower ), CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company Holdings ), the other Loan Parties (as defined in the Credit Agreement (as defined below)) party hereto, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., as a Lender and as the administrative agent (in such capacity, the Administrative Agent ), and the other Lenders (as defined below). RECITALS: WHEREAS, the Borrower, Holdings, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Administrative Agent and the lenders from time to time party thereto (the Lenders are parties to that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement, dated as of December 21, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified prior to the date hereof, the Existing Credit Agreement , and as amended by this Amendment, the Credit Agreement and WHEREAS, the Borrower has requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto agree to amend certain provisions of the Existing Credit Agreement and grant certain waivers thereunder as set forth herein,, and, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto are willing to do so, on the terms and conditions set forth herein. NOW, THEREFORE, for and in consideration of the above premises and other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and sufficiency of which is hereby acknowledged by the parties hereto, the Borrower, the Lenders party hereto, and the Administrative Agent hereby covenant and agree as follows: Section 1. Definitions. Unless otherwise specifically defined herein, each term used herein (and in the recitals above) that is defined in the Credit Agreement shall have the meaning assigned to such term in the Credit Agreement. Each reference to hereof, hereunder, herein, and hereby and each other similar reference and each reference to this Agreement and each other similar reference contained in each of the Loan Documents shall from and after the date hereof refer to such applicable Loan Document, as amended hereby. Section 2. Amendments. Effective as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date (as defined below): (a) The Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended in the form of Exhibit A hereto and changes are reflected as set forth on the pages of the Credit Agreement including deletions of the stricken text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: stricken text) and the additions of the double-underlined text (indicated textually in the same manner as the following example: double-underlined text). (b) Schedule B-1 to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby amended and restated in the form of Exhibit B-1 hereto. (c) The Commitment Schedule to the Existing Credit Agreement is hereby replaced by the Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule attached to the Credit Agreement (in the form attached hereto as Exhibit A). 

NAI-1535364884v9 2 (d) For the avoidance of doubt, all Eurodollar Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) outstanding as of the date hereof shall be converted to Term Benchmark Loans with an Interest Period of one (1) month (the SOFR Conversion as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. Section 3. Limited Waiver. The Loan Parties acknowledge and agree that the PubCo Pledge Agreement furnished to the Administrative Agent was not provided within the time required by Section 5.17(c) of the Existing Credit Agreement and the Borrower has requested that the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto agree to waive any Event of Default arising out of or related to the timing of the delivery of the PubCo Pledge Agreement pursuant to such Section, and, subject to the satisfaction of the conditions set forth herein, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders party hereto are willing to do so. Subject to the satisfaction of the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4 below, the Lenders party hereto, constituting the Required Lenders under the Credit Agreement, hereby waive any Event of Default arising out of or related to the timing of the delivery of the PubCo Pledge Agreement pursuant to Section 5.17(c) of the Credit Agreement; provided, that this limited waiver shall not constitute a waiver of any other provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document; and provided, further, that the agreement to waive any Event of Default referenced herein is a one-time waiver and shall not be construed as an agreement to waive any similar future requirement or any future Event of Default. Section 4. Effectiveness. 4.1 Conditions Precedent. The effectiveness of this Amendment is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions precedent (the date on which all such conditions are satisfied and/or waived, the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date ): (i) this Amendment shall have been executed by Holdings, the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, and counterparts hereof as so executed shall have been delivered to the Administrative Agent; (ii) the Administrative Agent shall have received a fee letter, in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent (the Amendment No. 1 Fee Letter from the Borrower; (iii) the Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date and executed by its Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other executive officer of such Loan Party, which shall (A) certify the resolutions of its Board of Directors, members or other body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, its Financial Officers, and (C) contain appropriate attachments, including the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation of such Loan Party certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party and a true and correct copy of its bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents, or, in the case of the foregoing clause (C), certifying that no changes have been made to such documents since the last time delivered to the Administrative Agent; and (ii) a good standing certificate for such Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization; (iv) all representations and warranties of the Loan Parties contained herein or in the other Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects with the same effect as though such representations and warranties had been made on and as of Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, except to the extent that such representations and warranties expressly relate to an earlier specified date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made, it being understood and agreed that any 

NAI-1535364884v9 3 representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects; (v) each Lender shall have made available to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Lenders under the Credit Agreement as in effect immediately prior to giving effect to this Amendment, such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine are required in order to effect the assignment of Revolving Credit Commitments and outstanding Term Loans as contemplated in Section 2.01 of the Credit Agreement; and (vi) the Administrative Agent shall have received all other fees payable to the Administrative Agent and any fees payable to the Lenders in connection with this Amendment and the Amendment No. 1 Fee Letter, together with all documented out-of-pocket expenses (including reasonable fees and disbursements of counsel to the Administrative Agent) in connection with the preparation, negotiation and effectiveness of this Amendment and any other amounts due and payable by the Borrower under the Credit Agreement on or prior to the date hereof. Section 5. Miscellaneous. 5.1 Representations and Warranties. The Borrower, by signing below, hereby represents and warrants to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that: (i) the Borrower has the legal power and authority to execute and deliver this Amendment; (ii) the officer executing this Amendment on behalf of the Borrower has been duly authorized to execute and deliver the same and bind the Borrower with respect to the provisions hereof; (iii) the execution and delivery hereof by the Borrower and the performance and observance by the Borrower of the provisions hereof do not violate or conflict with the organizational documents of the Borrower or any law applicable to the Borrower or result in a breach of any provision of or constitute a default under any other material agreement, instrument or document binding upon or enforceable against the Borrower; (iv) after giving effect to this Amendment, no Default or Event of Default exists under the Credit Agreement, nor will any occur immediately after the execution and delivery of this Amendment or by the performance or observance of any provision hereof; (v) the Borrower does not have any claim or offset against, or defense or counterclaim to, any obligations or liabilities of the Borrower under the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document; (vi) this Amendment constitutes a valid and binding obligation of the Borrower in every respect, enforceable in accordance with its terms, except as the enforceability thereof may be limited by bankruptcy, insolvency or other similar laws of general application affecting the enforcement of creditors rights or by general principles of equity limiting the availability of equitable remedies; and (vii) each of the representations and warranties set forth in Article III of the Credit Agreement is true and correct in all material respects as of the date hereof, except to the extent 

NAI-1535364884v9 4 that any thereof expressly relate to an earlier date, in which case such representations and warranties shall have been true and correct in all material respects as of the date when made. 5.2 Credit Agreement Unaffected. Each reference to the Credit Agreement or in any other Loan Document shall hereafter be construed as a reference to the Credit Agreement as amended hereby. Except as herein otherwise specifically provided, all provisions of the Credit Agreement shall remain in full force and effect and be unaffected hereby. Except as expressly provided herein, this Amendment shall not constitute an amendment or waiver of any other provision of the Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document. 5.3 Waiver. The Borrower, by signing below, hereby waives and releases the Administrative Agent, each Lender and their respective Related Parties from any and all claims, offsets, defenses and counterclaims arising out of or related to the transactions contemplated by this Amendment or any of the other Loan Documents, or any act, omission or event occurring in connection herewith or therewith, such waiver and release being with full knowledge and understanding of the circumstances and effect thereof and after having consulted legal counsel with respect thereto. 5.4 Entire Agreement. This Amendment, together with the Credit Agreement and the other Loan Documents, integrates all the terms and conditions mentioned herein or incidental hereto and supersede all oral representations and negotiations and prior writings with respect to the subject matter hereof. 5.5 Counterparts This Amendment may be executed in any number of counterparts, by different parties hereto in separate counterparts and by facsimile or electronic (i.e., pdf or tif signature, each of which when so executed and delivered shall be deemed to be an original and all of which taken together shall constitute but one and the same agreement. 5.6 Governing Law. THIS AMENDMENT AND THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS AND THE RIGHTS AND OBLIGATIONS OF THE PARTIES HEREUNDER AND THEREUNDER SHALL BE CONSTRUED IN ACCORDANCE WITH AND BE GOVERNED BY THE LAW OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, PURSUANT TO SECTION 5-1401 OF THE GENERAL OBLIGATIONS LAWS OF THE STATE OF NEW YORK, WITHOUT REGARD TO PRINCIPLES OF CONFLICTS OF LAW, BUT GIVING EFFECT TO FEDERAL LAWS APPLICABLE TO NATIONAL BANKS. TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, THE BORROWER HEREBY UNCONDITIONALLY AND IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ANY CLAIM TO ASSERT THAT THE LAW OF ANY JURISDICTION OTHER THAN THE STATE OF NEW YORK GOVERNS THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS. 5.7 JURY TRIAL WAIVER. EACH OF THE PARTIES TO THIS AMENDMENT HEREBY IRREVOCABLY WAIVES ALL RIGHT TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY ACTION, PROCEEDING OR COUNTERCLAIM ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AMENDMENT OR ANY OF THE OTHER LOAN DOCUMENTS (INCLUDING, WITHOUT LIMITATION, ANY AMENDMENTS, WAIVERS OR OTHER MODIFICATIONS RELATING TO ANY OF THE FOREGOING), OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY. [Signature pages follow] 

NAI-1535364884 [COMPOSECURE AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THIRD A R CREDIT AGREEMENT] IN WITNESS WHEREOF, this Amendment has been duly executed and delivered as of the date first above written. COMPOSECURE, L.L.C., as the Borrower By:_____________________________________ Name: Timothy W. Fitzsimmons Title: Chief Financial Officer ARCULUS HOLDINGS, L.L.C., By:_________________________________ Name: Timothy W. Fitzsimmons Title: Chief Financial Officer COMPOSECURE HOLDINGS, L.L.C., as Holdings By:_________________________________ Name: Timothy W. Fitzsimmons Title: Chief Financial Officer DocuSign Envelope ID: DF99348E-942B-4F59-AD56-73E09DF82424 

NAI-1535364884v8 [COMPOSECURE AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THIRD A R CREDIT AGREEMENT] East West Bank, as a Lender By: Name: Keith Vogelgesang Title: Senior Vice President 

NAI-1535364884v8 [COMPOSECURE AMENDMENT NO. 1 TO THIRD A R CREDIT AGREEMENT] City National Bank, a national banking association, as a Lender By: Name: Brett Altman Title: Vice President 

NAI-1535364884v9 Exhibit A to Amendment No. 1 Exhibit A Conformed Credit Agreement 

NAI-1535346595v1-1535346595 EXECUTION VERSION EXHIBIT A to Amendment No. 1 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of December 21, 2021 among COMPOSECURE, L.L.C. ARCULUS HOLDINGS, L.L.C. COMPOSECURE HOLDINGS, L.L.C. The Lenders Party Hereto and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent ___________________________ TD BANK, N.A., as Joint Bookrunner and Co-Syndication Agent PNC CAPITAL MARKETS LLC and BANK OF AMERICA, N.A., as Joint BookrunnersBookrunner, Joint Lead ArrangersArranger and Co-Syndication AgentsAgent JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Joint Bookrunner and Joint Lead Arranger 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 TABLE OF CONTENTS Page - i - ARTICLE I DEFINITIONS 1 Section 1.01. Defined Terms. 1 Section 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings 35. . 36 Section 1.03. Terms Generally. 3536 Section 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP 35. . 36 Section 1.05. Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions. 3637 Section 1.06. Rounding. 3637 Section 1.07. Divisions 36. . 37 Section 1.08. Interest Rates; LIBOR Notification 36Benchmark Notifications. . 37 ARTICLE II THE CREDITS 3738 Section 2.01. Commitments. 3738 Section 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. 38 Section 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. 3839 Section 2.04. [Reserved] 3940 Section 2.05. Swingline Loans. 3940 Section 2.06. Letters of Credit. 4041 Section 2.07. Funding of Borrowings. 4546 Section 2.08. Interest Elections. 4547 Section 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Revolving Commitments; Increase in Term Commitments. 4748 Section 2.10. Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt. 4850 Section 2.11. Prepayment of Loans. 5152 Section 2.12. Fees. 52 54 Section 2.13. Interest. 5354 Section 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest 54; Illegality. 55 Section 2.15. Increased Costs. 5658 Section 2.16. Break Funding Payments. 5759 Section 2.17. Taxes.58 60 Section 2.18. Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Set-offs. 6163 Section 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. 6466 Section 2.20. Defaulting Lenders. 6466 Section 2.21. Returned Payments. 6668 Section 2.22. Banking Services and Swap Agreements. 6668 ARTICLE III REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES 6668 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page - ii - Section 3.01. Organization; Powers. 6668 Section 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability 66. . 69 Section 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. 6769 Section 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change. 6769 Section 3.05. Properties. 6769 Section 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters. 6770 Section 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements; No Default. 6870 Section 3.08. Investment Company Status. 6870 Section 3.09. Taxes 68. . 70 Section 3.10. ERISA 68. . 70 Section 3.11. Disclosure. 6871 Section 3.12. Material Contracts. 6971 Section 3.13. Solvency. 6971 Section 3.14. Insurance. 6971 Section 3.15. Capitalization and Subsidiaries. 6972 Section 3.16. Security Interest in Collateral. 7072 Section 3.17. Employment Matters. 7072 Section 3.18. Federal Reserve Regulations 70. . 72 Section 3.19. Use of Proceeds. 7072 Section 3.20. No Burdensome Restrictions. 7072 Section 3.21. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions 70. . 72 Section 3.22. Affiliate Transactions 70. . 73 Section 3.23. EEA Financial Institutions. 7173 ARTICLE IV CONDITIONS 7173 Section 4.01. Restatement Date. 7173 Section 4.02. Each Credit Event. 7375 ARTICLE V AFFIRMATIVE COVENANTS 7476 Section 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information. 7476 Section 5.02. Notices of Material Events. 7578 Section 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business. 7678 Section 5.04. Payment of Obligations 76. . 78 Section 5.05. Maintenance of Properties. 7779 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page - iii - Section 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights. 7779 Section 5.07. Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations. 7779 Section 5.08. Use of Proceeds. 7779 Section 5.09. Accuracy of Information. 7780 Section 5.10. Insurance. 7880 Section 5.11. Material Contracts. 7880 Section 5.12. Casualty and Condemnation. 7880 Section 5.13. Depository Banks. 7880 Section 5.14. Additional Collateral; Further Assurances. 7880 Section 5.15. Lender Meetings 7981 Section 5.16. Post Closing Requirements. 7982 Section 5.17. Merger. 82 ARTICLE VI NEGATIVE COVENANTS 7982 Section 6.01. Indebtedness. 8082 Section 6.02. Liens. 8184 Section 6.03. Fundamental Changes. 8285 Section 6.04. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions. 8386 Section 6.05. Asset Sales. 8588 Section 6.06. Sale and Leaseback Transactions. 8689 Section 6.07. Swap Agreements. 8689 Section 6.08. Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness. 8689 Section 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates. 8891 Section 6.10. Restrictive Agreements. 8891 Section 6.11. Amendment of Organizational Documents 89. . 92 Section 6.12. Financial Covenants. 8992 ARTICLE VII EVENTS OF DEFAULT 9093 ARTICLE VIII THE ADMINISTRATIVE AGENT 9296 Section 8.01. Appointment 92. . 96 Section 8.02. Rights as a Lender. 9396 Section 8.03. Duties and Obligations. 9396 Section 8.04. Reliance. 9397 Section 8.05. Actions through Sub-Agents. 9497 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page - iv - Section 8.06. Resignation; Removal. 9497 Section 8.07. Non-Reliance. 9598 Section 8.08. Other Agency Titles. 9699 Section 8.09. Not Partners or Co-Venturers; Administrative Agent as Representative of the Secured Parties. 96100 Section 8.10. Credit Bidding 97. . 100 Section 8.11. Erroneous Payments. 101 ARTICLE IX MISCELLANEOUS 98103 Section 9.01. Notices. 98103 Section 9.02. Waivers; Amendments. 99106 Section 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. 102108 Section 9.04. Successors and Assigns. 104110 Section 9.05. Survival. 107113 Section 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. 107114 Section 9.07. Severability. 108115 Section 9.08. Right of Setoff. 109115 Section 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. 109115 Section 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. 109116 Section 9.11. Headings. 110116 Section 9.12. Confidentiality 110.. 116 Section 9.13. Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law. 110117 Section 9.14. USA PATRIOT Act. 111117 Section 9.15. Disclosure. 111117 Section 9.16. Appointment for Perfection. 111117 Section 9.17. Interest Rate Limitation. 111118 Section 9.18. Marketing Consent. 111118 Section 9.19. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. 112118 Section 9.20. No Fiduciary Duty, etc. 112118 Section 9.21. Amendment and Restatement. 113119 Section 9.22. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. 114120 ARTICLE X LOAN GUARANTY 114121 Section 10.01. Guaranty. 114121 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page - v - Section 10.02. Guaranty of Payment. 115121 Section 10.03. No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty. 115121 Section 10.04. Defenses Waived. 115122 Section 10.05. Rights of Subrogation. 116122 Section 10.06. Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration. 116122 Section 10.07. Information. 116123 Section 10.08. Termination. 116123 Section 10.09. Taxes. 116123 Section 10.10. Maximum Liability. 117123 Section 10.11. Contribution. 117123 Section 10.12. Liability Cumulative. 118124 Section 10.13. Keepwell. 118124 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 TABLE OF CONTENTS (continued) Page - vi - SCHEDULES: Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule Schedule 2.06(m) Existing Letters of Credit Schedule 3.05 Real Property and Intellectual Property Schedule 3.06 Litigation and Environmental Matters Schedule 3.12 Material Agreements Schedule 3.14 Insurance Schedule 3.15 Capitalization and Subsidiaries Schedule 3.22 Affiliate Transactions Schedule 5.16 Post Closing Requirements Schedule 6.01 Existing Indebtedness Schedule 6.02 Existing Liens Schedule 6.04 Existing Investments Schedule 6.10 Existing Restrictions EXHIBITS: Exhibit 3.16 UCC Financing Statements Exhibit A Assignment and Assumption Exhibit B-1 Borrowing Request Exhibit C-1 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit C-2 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Not Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit C-3 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Participants That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit C-4 U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate (For Foreign Lenders That Are Partnerships For U.S. Federal Income Tax Purposes) Exhibit D Compliance Certificate Exhibit E Joinder Agreement 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 THIRD AMENDED AND RESTATED CREDIT AGREEMENT dated as of December 21, 2021 (as it may be amended or modified from time to time, this Agreement ), among COMPOSECURE, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company, as Borrower, ARCULUS HOLDINGS, L.L.C, a Delaware limited liability company Arculus ), COMPOSECURE HOLDINGS, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company Holdings ), the other Loan Parties party hereto, the Lenders party hereto, and JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., as Administrative Agent. WHEREAS, the Borrower, the other Loan Parties party thereto, the Lenders party thereto (the Existing Lenders and the Administrative Agent are parties to that certain Credit Agreement dated as of July 26, 2016 (the Original Effective Date ), as amended and restated by that certain Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of July 2, 2019 and that certain Second Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of November 5, 2020 (as further amended, restated, supplemented, or otherwise modified from time to time prior to the Restatement Date, the Existing Credit Agreement ), pursuant to which the Existing Lenders have agreed to make available to the Borrower certain loans and other financial accommodations; WHEREAS, in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement, the Borrower and certain of its affiliates executed and delivered the Collateral Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) in favor of the Administrative Agent to secure the payment and performance of the Obligations (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement); WHEREAS, the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Lenders, and the Administrative Agent wish to amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement, subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein; and WHEREAS, (i) the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Lenders, and the Administrative Agent intend that (a) this Agreement amend and restate the Existing Credit Agreement without causing a substitution, refinancing or novation of the existing obligations thereunder, and (b) the Borrower s and the Loan Parties obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement shall continue to exist under, and to be evidenced by, this Agreement and (ii) each Loan Party (as defined herein) acknowledges and agrees that the security interests and Liens (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) granted to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement and the Collateral Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement), shall remain outstanding and in full force and effect, without interruption or impairment of any kind, in accordance with the Existing Credit Agreement, and shall continue to secure the Obligations (as defined herein); NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and the agreements, provisions and covenants herein contained, the Borrower, the other Loan Parties, the Lenders, and the Administrative Agent agree that the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended and restated in its entirety as follows: ARTICLE I Definitions SECTION 1.01. Defined Terms. As used in this Agreement, the following terms have the meanings specified below: ABR , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Alternate Base Rate. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 2 - Account has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. Account Debtor means any Person obligated on an Account. Acquisition means any transaction, or any series of related transactions, consummated on or after the Restatement Date, by which any Loan Party (a) acquires any going business or all or substantially all of the assets of any Person, whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise or (b) directly or indirectly acquires (in one transaction or as the most recent transaction in a series of transactions) at least a majority (in number of votes) of the Equity Interests of a Person which have ordinary voting power for the election of directors or other similar management personnel of such Person (other than Equity Interests having such power only by reason of the happening of a contingency) or a majority of the outstanding Equity Interests of a Person. Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR means an interest rate per annum equal to (a) the Daily Simple SOFR, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR as so determined would beless than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of thisAgreement. Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period or for any ABR Borrowing, an interest rate per annum (rounded upwards, if necessary, to the next 1/16 of 1 equal to (a) the LIBOTerm SOFR Rate for such Interest Period multiplied by (b) the Statutory Reserve Rate, plus (b) 0.10 ; provided that if the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate as so determined would be less than the Floor, such rate shall be deemed to be equal to the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement. Administrative Agent means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., in its capacity as administrative agent for the Lenders hereunder. Administrative Questionnaire means an Administrative Questionnaire in a form supplied by the Administrative Agent. Affected Financial Institution means (a) any EEA Financial Institution or (b) any UK Financial Institution. Affiliate means, with respect to a specified Person, another Person that directly, or indirectly through one or more intermediaries, Controls or is Controlled by or is under common Control with the specified Person. Aggregate Credit Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate Credit Exposure of all the Lenders at such time. Aggregate Revolving Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate Revolving Exposure of all the Lenders at such time (with the Swingline Exposure of each Lender calculated assuming that that all of the Lenders have funded their participations in all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time). Alternate Base Rate means, for any day, a rate per annum equal to the greatest of (a) the Prime Rate in effect on such day, (b) the NYFRB Rate in effect on such day plus of 1 , and (c) the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate for a one monthone-month Interest Period onas published two (2) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such day (or if such day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the immediately preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day) plus 1 ;, provided that, for the purpose of this definition, the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate for any day shall be 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 3 - Category 1: 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 4 - 2.75 2.50 0.35 0.30 Category 4: 2.0 to 1.0 1.50 2.00 3.00 2.00 Category 3: 1.5 to 1.0 and 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 5 - interest calculated with reference to such Benchmark (or component thereof), as applicable, that is or may be used for determining the length of an Interest Period for any term rate or otherwise, for determining any frequency of making payments of interest calculated pursuant to this Agreement as of such date and not including, for the avoidance of doubt, any tenor for such Benchmark that is then-removed from the definition of Interest Period pursuant to clause (ge) of Section 2.14. Bail-In Action means the exercise of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority in respect of any liability of an Affected Financial Institution. Bail-In Legislation means (a) with respect to any EEA Member Country implementing Article 55 of Directive 2014/59/EU of the European Parliament and of the Council of the European Union, the implementing law, regulation, rule or requirement for such EEA Member Country from time to time which is described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, Part I of the United Kingdom Banking Act 2009 (as amended from time to time) and any other law, regulation or rule applicable in the United Kingdom relating to the resolution of unsound or failing banks, investment firms or other financial institutions or their affiliates (other than through liquidation, administration or other insolvency proceedings). Banking Services means each and any of the following bank services provided to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary by any Lender or any of its Affiliates: (a) credit cards for commercial customers (including, without limitation, commercial credit cards and purchasing cards), (b) stored value cards, (c) merchant processing services, and (d) treasury management services (including, without limitation, controlled disbursement, automated clearinghouse transactions, return items, any direct debit scheme or arrangement, overdrafts and interstate depository network services). Banking Services Agreement means any agreement entered into by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in connection with Banking Services. Banking Services Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties or its Subsidiaries, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor) in connection with Banking Services (provided that each Lender or Affiliate thereof providing Banking Services for any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, promptly after entering into any Banking Services Agreement and at such other times as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request, written notice setting forth the aggregate amount of all Banking Services Obligations of such Loan Party or Subsidiary to such Lender or Affiliate (whether matured or unmatured, absolute or contingent)). Bankruptcy Event means, with respect to any Person, when such Person becomes the subject of a bankruptcy or insolvency proceeding, or has had a receiver, conservator, trustee, administrator, custodian, assignee for the benefit of creditors or similar Person charged with the reorganization or liquidation of its business, appointed for it, or, in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, has taken any action in furtherance of, or indicating its consent to, approval of, or acquiescence in, any such proceeding or appointment, provided that a Bankruptcy Event shall not result solely by virtue of any ownership interest, or the acquisition of any ownership interest, in such Person by a Governmental Authority or instrumentality thereof, unless such ownership interest results in or provides such Person with immunity from the jurisdiction of courts within the U.S. or from the enforcement of judgments or writs of attachment on its assets or permits such Person (or such Governmental Authority or instrumentality) to reject, repudiate, disavow or disaffirm any contracts or agreements made by such Person. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 6 - Benchmark means, initially, LIBOwith respect to any (i) RFR Loan, the Daily Simple SOFR or (ii) Term Benchmark Loan, the Term SOFR Rate; provided that if a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its and the related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred with respect to LIBOthe Daily Simple SOFR or Term SOFR Rate, as applicable, or the then-current Benchmark, then Benchmark means the applicable Benchmark Replacement to the extent that such Benchmark Replacement has replaced such prior benchmark rate pursuant to clause (c) or clause (db) of Section 2.14. Benchmark Replacement means, for any Available Tenor, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent for the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date: (1) the sum of: (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; (21) the sum of: (a)Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment; or (32) the sum of: (a) the alternate benchmark rate that has been selected by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower as the replacement for the then-current Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a replacement benchmark rate or the mechanism for determining such a rate by the Relevant Governmental Body or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a benchmark rate as a replacement for the then-current Benchmark for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time in the United States and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment;. provided that, in the case of clause (1), such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion; provided further that, notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this Agreement or in any other Loan Document, upon the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event, and the delivery of a Term SOFR Notice, on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date the Benchmark Replacement shall revert to and shall be deemed to be the sum of (a) Term SOFR and (b) the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment, as set forth in clause (1) of this definition (subject to the first proviso above). If the Benchmark Replacement as determined pursuant to clause (1), or (2) or (3) above would be less than the Floor, the Benchmark Replacement will be deemed to be the Floor for the purposes of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents. Benchmark Replacement Adjustment means, with respect to any replacement of the then-current Benchmark with an Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for any applicable Interest Period and Available Tenor for any setting of such Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement: , the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by (1) for purposes of clauses (1) and (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the first alternative set forth in the order below that can be determined by the Administrative Agent: (a) the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for the replacement of such 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 7 - Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; (b) the spread adjustment (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) as of the Reference Time such Benchmark Replacement is first set for such Interest Period that would apply to the fallback rate for a derivative transaction referencing the ISDA Definitions to be effective upon an index cessation event with respect to such Benchmark for the applicable Corresponding Tenor; and (2) for purposes of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement, the spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, (which may be a positive or negative value or zero) that has been selected by thethe Administrative Agent and the Borrower for the applicable Corresponding Tenor giving due consideration to (i) any selection or recommendation of a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement by the Relevant Governmental Body on the applicable Benchmark Replacement Date and/or (ii) any evolving or then-prevailing market convention for determining a spread adjustment, or method for calculating or determining such spread adjustment, for the replacement of such Benchmark with the applicable Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement for dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities; at such time. provided that, in the case of clause (1) above, such adjustment is displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such Benchmark Replacement Adjustment from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes means, with respect to any Benchmark Replacement and/or any Term Benchmark Loan, any technical, administrative or operational changes (including changes to the definition of Alternate Base Rate, the definition of Business Day, the definition of U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the definition of Interest Period, timing and frequency of determining rates and making payments of interest, timing of borrowing requests or prepayment, conversion or continuation notices, length of lookback periods, the applicability of breakage provisions, and other technical, administrative or operational matters) that the Administrative Agent decides may be appropriate to reflect the adoption and implementation of such Benchmark Replacement and to permit the administration thereof by the Administrative Agent in a manner substantially consistent with market practice (or, if the Administrative Agent decides that adoption of any portion of such market practice is not administratively feasible or if the Administrative Agent determines that no market practice for the administration of such Benchmark Replacement exists, in such other manner of administration as the Administrative Agent decides is reasonably necessary in connection with the administration of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents). Benchmark Replacement Date means, with respect to any Benchmark, the earliest to occur of the following events with respect to thesuch then-current Benchmark: (1) in the case of clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the later of (a) the date of the public statement or publication of information referenced therein and (b) the date on which the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) permanently or indefinitely ceases to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (2) in the case of clause (3) of the definition of Benchmark Transition Event, the first date of the publicon which such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) has been determined and announced by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 8 - such component thereof) to be no longer representative; provided, that such non-representativeness will be determined by reference to the most recent statement or publication of information referenced therein; orin such clause (3) and even if any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) continues to be provided on such date. (3) in the case of a Term SOFR Transition Event, the date that is thirty (30) days after the date a Term SOFR Notice is provided to the Lenders and the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.14(d); or (4) in the case of an Early Opt-in Election, the sixth (6th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Early Opt-in Election is provided to the Lenders, written notice of objection to such Early Opt-in Election from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) if the event giving rise to the Benchmark Replacement Date occurs on the same day as, but earlier than, the Reference Time in respect of any determination, the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred prior to the Reference Time for such determination and (ii) the Benchmark Replacement Date will be deemed to have occurred in the case of clause (1) or (2) with respect to any Benchmark upon the occurrence of the applicable event or events set forth therein with respect to all then-current Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Transition Event means, with respect to any Benchmark, the occurrence of one or more of the following events with respect to thesuch then-current Benchmark: (1) a public statement or publication of information by or on behalf of the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that such administrator has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof), permanently or indefinitely, provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); (2) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof), the Federal Reserve Board, the NYFRB, the CME Term SOFR Administrator, an insolvency official with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), a resolution authority with jurisdiction over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component) or a court or an entity with similar insolvency or resolution authority over the administrator for such Benchmark (or such component), in each case, which states that the administrator of such Benchmark (or such component) has ceased or will cease to provide all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) permanently or indefinitely,; provided that, at the time of such statement or publication, there is no successor administrator that will continue to provide any Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or such component thereof); or (3) a public statement or publication of information by the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof) announcing that all Available Tenors of such Benchmark (or such component thereof) are no longer, or as of a specified future date will no longer be, representative. For the avoidance of doubt, a Benchmark Transition Event will be deemed to have occurred with respect to any Benchmark if a public statement or publication of information set forth above has 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 9 - occurred with respect to each then-current Available Tenor of such Benchmark (or the published component used in the calculation thereof). Benchmark Unavailability Period means, with respect to any Benchmark, the period (if any) (x) beginning at the time that a Benchmark Replacement Date pursuant to clauses (1) or (2) of that definition has occurred if, at such time, no Benchmark Replacement has replaced thesuch then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14 and (y) ending at the time that a Benchmark Replacement has replaced thesuch then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in accordance with Section 2.14. Beneficial Owner means, with respect to any U.S. federal withholding Tax, the beneficial owner, for U.S. federal income tax purposes, to whom such Tax relates. Beneficial Ownership Certification means a certification regarding beneficial ownership as required by the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. Beneficial Ownership Regulation means 31 C.F.R. 1010.230. BHC Act Affiliate of a party means an affiliate (as such term is defined under, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 1841(k)) of such party. Board means the Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve System of the U.S. Borrower means CompoSecure, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company. Borrower LLC Agreement means the Third Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of the Borrower, dated as of June 11, 2020, by and among the Borrower, and Holdings. Borrowing means (a) Revolving Loans of the same Type, made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, (b) Term Loans of the same Type made, converted or continued on the same date and, in the case of EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loans, as to which a single Interest Period is in effect, and (c) a Swingline Loan. Borrowing Request means a request by the Borrower for a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.03. Burdensome Restrictions means any consensual encumbrance or restriction of the type described in clause (a) or (b) of Section 6.10. Business Day means, any day that is not(other than a Saturday, or a Sunday or other day) on which commercial banks are open for business in New York City are authorized or required by law to remain closed; provided that, when used in connection with a Eurodollar Loan, the term Business Day shall also exclude any day on which banks are not open for general business in London.in addition to the foregoing, a Business Day shall be (a) in relation to RFR Loans and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such RFR Loan, or any other dealings of such RFR Loan and (b) in relation to Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and any interest rate settings, fundings, disbursements, settlements or payments of any such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or any other dealings of such Loans referencing the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, any such day that is also a U.S. Government Securities Business Day. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 10 - Capital Distribution means, with respect to any Person, a payment made, liability incurred or other consideration given for the purchase, acquisition, repurchase, redemption or retirement of any Equity Interest of such Person or as a dividend, return of capital or other distribution in respect of any of such Person's Equity Interests. Capital Expenditures means, without duplication, any expenditure or commitment to expend money for any purchase or other acquisition of any asset which would be classified as a fixed or capital asset on a consolidated balance sheet of Holdings and its Subsidiaries prepared in accordance with GAAP, but excluding (i) expenditures made in connection with any replacement, substitution or restoration of property as a result of any involuntary loss of title, any involuntary loss of, damage to or any destruction of, or any condemnation or other taking (including by any Governmental Authority) of, any property Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries to the extent of any insurance proceeds or condemnation awards with respect thereto received by Holdings or its Subsidiaries, (ii) expenditures constituting consideration for any Permitted Acquisitions and (iii) the portion of the purchase price of Equipment that is purchased with credit from the trade in of existing Equipment. Capital Lease Obligations of any Person means the obligations of such Person to pay rent or other amounts under any Capitalized Lease, and the amount of such obligations shall be the capitalized amount thereof determined in accordance with GAAP. Capitalized Lease means any lease of (or other arrangement conveying the right to use) real or personal property, or a combination thereof, which obligations are required to be classified and accounted for as capital leases on a balance sheet of such Person under GAAP. Cash Collateralized means, with respect to any Letter of Credit, as of any date, that the Borrower shall have deposited with the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders, an amount in cash equal to 105 of the LC Exposure as at such date plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon. CFC Subsidiary of any Loan Party means any Subsidiary that is a controlled foreign corporation within the meaning of Section 957(a) of the Internal Revenue Code. Change in Control means, (i) at any time prior to the Merger Effective Date, (a) Sponsor shall cease to own, free and clear of all Liens or other encumbrances, 50.1 of the outstanding voting Equity Interests of Holdings on a fully diluted basis; (b) occupation at any time of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of managers of Holdings by Persons who were neither (i) directors of Holdings prior to the Merger Effective Date or (ii) nominated or appointed by the Sponsor or by the board of managers of Holdings; (c) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) other than Permitted Holders of Equity Interests representing more than 25 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings on a fully-diluted basis or (d) Holdings shall cease to own, free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent) or other encumbrances, 100 of the outstanding voting Equity Interests of the Borrower on a fully diluted basis, and (ii) at any time following the Merger Effective Date, (u) PubCo shall cease to own, free and clear of all Liens or other encumbrances, Equity Interests of Holdings representing more than 66.66 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings on a fully-diluted basis; (v) the Permitted Holders shall cease to own 95 of the outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings on a fully diluted basis, (w) occupation at any time of a majority of the seats (other than vacant seats) on the board of managers of Holdings by Persons who were neither (i) directors of Holdings on the Restatement Date or (ii) nominated or appointed by PubCo or by the board of managers of 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 11 - Holdings; (x) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) other than PubCo of Equity Interests representing more than 25 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of Holdings on a fully-diluted basis (y) the acquisition of ownership, directly or indirectly, beneficially or of record, by any Person or group (within the meaning of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and the rules of the SEC thereunder as in effect on the date hereof) other than the Permitted Holders (other than PubCo) of Equity Interests representing more than 35 of the aggregate ordinary voting power represented by the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of PubCo on a fully-diluted basis or (z) Holdings shall cease to own, free and clear of all Liens (other than Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent) or other encumbrances, 100 of the outstanding voting Equity Interests of the Borrower on a fully diluted basis. Change in Law means the occurrence after the date of this Agreement (or, with respect to any Lender, such later date on which such Lender becomes a party to this Agreement) of any of the following: (a) the adoption of or taking effect of any law, rule, regulation or treaty, (b) any change in any law, rule, regulation or treaty or in the administration, interpretation or application thereof by any Governmental Authority or (c) compliance by any Lender or the Issuing Bank (or, for purposes of Section 2.15(b), by any lending office of such Lender or by such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any) with any request, guideline, requirement or directive (whether or not having the force of law) of any Governmental Authority made or issued after the date of this Agreement; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the U.S. or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed to be a Change in Law , regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. Charges has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17. Chase means JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., a national banking association, in its individual capacity, and its successors. Class , when used in reference to (a) any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are Revolving Loans, a Term Loan, or Swingline Loans, (b) any Commitment, refers to whether such Commitment is a Revolving Commitment or a Term Commitment, and (c) any Lender, refers to whether such Lender has a Loan or Commitment of a particular Class. CME Term SOFR Administrator means CME Group Benchmark Administration Limited as administrator of the forward-looking term SOFR (or a successor administrator). Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended from time to time. Collateral means any and all property of any Loan Party, now existing or hereafter acquired, that may at any time be, become or intended to be, subject to a security interest or Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, on behalf of itself and the Lenders and other Secured Parties, pursuant to the Collateral Documents to secure the Secured Obligations. Collateral Documents means, collectively, the Security Agreement, the Mortgages, if any, the Pledge Agreement, the PubCo Pledge Agreement, if any, the Reaffirmation Agreement and any other agreements, instruments and documents executed in connection with this Agreement that are intended to 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 12 - create, perfect or evidence Liens to secure the Secured Obligations, including, without limitation, all other security agreements, pledge agreements, mortgages, deeds of trust, loan agreements, notes, guarantees, subordination agreements, pledges, powers of attorney, consents, assignments, contracts, fee letters, notices, leases, financing statements and all other written matter whether theretofore, now or hereafter executed by any Loan Party and delivered to the Administrative Agent. Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the sum of such Lender s Revolving Commitment and Term Commitments. The initial amount of each Lender s Commitment is set forth on the Commitment Schedule, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Commitment, as applicable. Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule means the Schedule attached hereto identified as such. Commodity Exchange Act means the Commodity Exchange Act (7 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), as amended from time to time, and any successor statute. Communications has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.01(d). Competitor means a Person whose primary business is the physical manufacturing of credit cards or access cards. Connection Income Taxes means Other Connection Taxes that are imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated) or that are franchise Taxes or branch profits Taxes. Control means the possession, directly or indirectly, of the power to direct or cause the direction of the management or policies of a Person, whether through the ability to exercise voting power, by contract or otherwise. Controlling and Controlled have meanings correlative thereto. Corresponding Tenor with respect to any Available Tenor means, as applicable, either a tenor (including overnight) or an interest payment period having approximately the same length (disregarding business day adjustment) as such Available Tenor. Covered Entity means any of the following: (i) a covered entity as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.82(b); (ii) a covered bank as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 47.3(b); or (iii) a covered FSI as that term is defined in, and interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 382.2(b). Covered Party has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.22. Credit Exposure means, as to any Lender at any time, the sum of (a) such Lender s Revolving Exposure at such time plus (b) an amount equal to the aggregate principal amount of its Term Loans outstanding at such time. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 13 - Credit Party means the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, the Swingline Lender or any other Lender. Daily Simple SOFR means, for any day, (a SOFR, with the conventions for this rate (which may include a lookback) being established by the Administrative Agent in accordance with the conventions for this rate selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body for determining Daily Simple SOFR for business loans; provided, that if the Administrative Agent decides that any such convention is not administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent, then the Administrative Agent may establish another convention in its reasonable discretion. Rate Day ), a rate per annum equal to SOFR for the day (such day SOFR Determination Date that is five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to (i) if such SOFR Rate Day is a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, such SOFR Rate Day or (ii) if such SOFR Rate Day is not a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the U.S. Government Securities Business Day immediately preceding such SOFR Rate Day, in each case, as such SOFR is published by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website. Any change in Daily Simple SOFR due to a change in SOFR shall be effective from and including the effective date of such change in SOFR without notice to the Borrower. Debt Service Coverage Ratio means, for any period, the ratio of (a) EBITDA for such period minus the aggregate amount of all Capital Expenditures made by Holdings and its Subsidiaries during the such period minus expense for taxes paid in cash minus all Restricted Payments (including, without limitation, management fees but excluding the Merger Effective Date Dividend and any dividend or bonus paid during such period that was permitted under Section 6.08(a)(vii)-(ix) of the Existing Credit Agreement paid in cash in such period to (b) the sum of (i) cash Interest Expense for such period, plus (ii) scheduled principal payments on all Indebtedness actually made (including, without limitation, Capital Lease Obligations) in such period all calculated for Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Default means any event or condition which constitutes an Event of Default or which upon notice, lapse of time or both would, unless cured or waived, become an Event of Default. Defaulting Lender means any Lender that (a) has failed, within two Business Days of the date required to be funded or paid, to (i) fund any portion of its Loans, (ii) fund any portion of its participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans or (iii) pay over to any Credit Party any other amount required to be paid by it hereunder, unless, in the case of clause (i) above, such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent in writing that such failure is the result of such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent to funding (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) has not been satisfied, (b) has notified the Borrower or any Credit Party in writing, or has made a public statement to the effect, that it does not intend or expect to comply with any of its funding obligations under this Agreement (unless such writing or public statement indicates that such position is based on such Lender s good faith determination that a condition precedent (specifically identified and including the particular default, if any) to funding a Loan under this Agreement cannot be satisfied) or generally under other agreements in which it commits to extend credit, (c) has failed, within three Business Days after request by the Administrative Agent, acting in good faith, to provide a certification in writing from an authorized officer of such Lender that it will comply with its obligations (and is financially able to meet such obligations) to fund prospective Loans and participations in then outstanding Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans under this Agreement, provided that such Lender shall cease to be a Defaulting Lender pursuant to this clause (c) upon the Administrative Agent s receipt of such certification in form and substance satisfactory to it, or (d) has become the subject of (i) a Bankruptcy Event or (ii) a Bail-In Action. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 14 - Default Right has the meaning assigned to that term in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 C.F.R. 252.81, 47.2 or 382.1, as applicable. Depreciation and Amortization Expense means, for any period, all depreciation and amortization expense of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, all as determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Disclosed Matters means the actions, suits, proceedings and environmental matters disclosed in Schedule 3.06. Document has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. Dollars , dollars or refers to lawful money of the U.S. Early Opt-in Election means, if the then-current Benchmark is LIBO Rate, the occurrence of: (1) a notification by the Administrative Agent to (or the request by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent to notify) each of the other parties hereto that at least five currently outstanding dollar-denominated syndicated credit facilities at such time contain (as a result of amendment or as originally executed) a SOFR-based rate (including SOFR, a term SOFR or any other rate based upon SOFR) as a benchmark rate (and such syndicated credit facilities are identified in such notice and are publicly available for review), and (2) the joint election by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower to trigger a fallback from LIBO Rate and the provision by the Administrative Agent of written notice of such election to the Lenders. EBITDA means, for any period, Net Income for such period, plus, without duplication, (i) the sum of the amounts for such period included in determining such Net Income of (A) Interest Expense, (B) Income Tax Expense, (C) Depreciation and Amortization Expense, (D) losses and expenses that are properly classified under GAAP as extraordinary, (E) actual fees, expenses and costs incurred on or prior to or within 30 days after the Restatement Date relating to the Transactions in an amount not to exceed 3,500,000 in the aggregate, (F) any non-cash compensation expense and other non-cash non-recurring expenses, (G) fees paid to independent directors in accordance with Section 6.09(g) and any bonus paid pursuant to Section 6.08(a)(vii)-(ix) of the Existing Credit Agreement, (H) [reserved], and (I) actual fees, expenses and costs incurred in connection with any Permitted Acquisition in an amount not to exceed 5 of the aggregate purchase consideration payable in connection with such Permitted Acquisition, less (ii) (A) gains on sales of assets and gains that are properly classified under GAAP as extraordinary, all as determined for Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP and (B) any cash payments made during such period in respect of non-cash charges described in clause (F) taken in a prior period. ECP means an eligible contract participant as defined in Section 1(a)(18) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and the applicable rules issued by the Commodity Futures Trading Commission and/or the SEC. EEA Financial Institution means (a) any credit institution or investment firm established in any EEA Member Country which is subject to the supervision of an EEA Resolution Authority, (b) any entity established in an EEA Member Country which is a parent of an institution described in clause (a) of this definition, or (c) any financial institution established in an EEA Member Country which is a subsidiary of 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 15 - an institution described in clauses (a) or (b) of this definition and is subject to consolidated supervision with its parent. EEA Member Country means any of the member states of the European Union, Iceland, Liechtenstein, and Norway. EEA Resolution Authority means any public administrative authority or any Person entrusted with public administrative authority of any EEA Member Country (including any delegee) having responsibility for the resolution of any EEA Financial Institution. Electronic Signature means an electronic sound, symbol, or process attached to, or associated with, a contract or other record and adopted by a Person with the intent to sign, authenticate or accept such contract or record. Electronic System means any electronic system, including e-mail, e-fax, Intralinks , ClearPar , Debt Domain, Syndtrak and any other Internet or extranet-based site, whether such electronic system is owned, operated or hosted by the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank and any of its respective Related Parties or any other Person, providing for access to data protected by passcodes or other security system. Environmental Laws means all laws, rules, regulations, codes, ordinances, binding orders, decrees, judgments, injunctions, written notices or binding agreements issued, promulgated or entered into by any Governmental Authority, relating to pollution or protection of the environment, preservation or reclamation of natural resources, the management, Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Material or to health and safety matters. Environmental Liability means any liability, contingent or otherwise (including any liability for damages, costs of environmental remediation, fines, penalties or indemnities), of the Borrower or any Subsidiary directly or indirectly resulting from or based upon (a) any violation of any Environmental Law, (b) the generation, use, handling, transportation, storage, treatment or disposal of any Hazardous Materials, (c) any exposure to any Hazardous Materials, (d) the Release or threatened Release of any Hazardous Materials into the environment or (e) any contract, agreement or other consensual arrangement pursuant to which liability is assumed or imposed with respect to any of the foregoing. Equipment has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. Equity Interests means shares of capital stock, partnership interests, membership interests in a limited liability company, beneficial interests in a trust or other equity ownership interests in a Person, and any warrants, options or other rights entitling the holder thereof to purchase or acquire any of the foregoing. ERISA means the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended from time to time. ERISA Affiliate means any trade or business (whether or not incorporated) that, together with Holdings and/or the Borrower, is treated as a single employer under Section 414(b) or (c) of the Code or, solely for purposes of Section 302 of ERISA and Section 412 of the Code, is treated as a single employer under Section 414 of the Code. ERISA Event means (a) any reportable event , as defined in Section 4043 of ERISA or the regulations issued thereunder, with respect to a Plan (other than an event for which the 30 day notice 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 16 - period is waived); (b) the failure to satisfy the minimum funding standard (as defined in Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA), whether or not waived; (c) the filing pursuant to Section 412(c) of the Code or Section 302(c) of ERISA of an application for a waiver of the minimum funding standard with respect to any Plan; (d) the incurrence by Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability under Title IV of ERISA with respect to the termination of any Plan; (e) the receipt by Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate from the PBGC or a plan administrator of any written notice relating to an intention to terminate any Plan or Plans or to appoint a trustee to administer any Plan; (f) the incurrence by the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate of any liability with respect to the withdrawal or partial withdrawal of Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate from any Plan or Multiemployer Plan; or (g) the receipt by Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate of any written notice, or the receipt by any Multiemployer Plan from Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate of any written notice, concerning the imposition upon Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate of Withdrawal Liability or a determination that a Multiemployer Plan is, or is expected to be, insolvent or in reorganization, within the meaning of Title IV of ERISA. Erroneous Payment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(a). Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(d). Erroneous Payment Impacted Class has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(d). Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(d). Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(d). EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule means the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule published by the Loan Market Association (or any successor Person), as in effect from time to time. Eurodollar , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, bear interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBO Rate. Event of Default has the meaning assigned to such term in Article VII. Excess Cash Flow means, for any period, the amount equal to (i) the sum of (A) EBITDA for such period and (B) the decrease, if any, in Working Capital, minus (ii) the sum for such period, without duplication, of (A) Interest Expense actually paid in cash, (B) Income Tax Expense actually paid in cash, net of cash refunds received, (C) Unfinanced Capital Expenditures, (D) the increase, if any, in Working Capital, (E) scheduled repayments of the principal of Indebtedness for borrowed money (and, in the case of any revolving credit facility, so long as there is a permanent reduction in the commitment thereunder), (F) without duplication of any amount included under the preceding clause (E), scheduled payments representing the principal portion of Capitalized Leases and synthetic leases, (G) Permitted Tax Distributions, (H) cash paid for Permitted Acquisitions, to the extent such Permitted Acquisitions were not financed, (I) cash paid for items added back to Net Income under clauses (D), (E) or (H) in the calculation of EBITDA and (J) any non-cash items added back to Net Income in the calculation of EBITDA. Excess Cash Flow Percentage has the meaning provided in Section 2.11(d). Excess Cash Flow Prepayment Amount has the meaning provided in Section 2.11(d). 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 17 - Excluded Subsidiary means any Subsidiary that is (a) a CFC Subsidiary, (b) an Immaterial Subsidiary that is designated in writing as such by the Borrower, as disclosed to the Administrative Agent and Lenders prior to or concurrently with such determination, (c) prohibited by applicable law from guaranteeing the Loans, or which would require governmental (including regulatory) or third party consent, approval, license or authorization to provide a guarantee unless, such consent, approval, license or authorization has been received (and excluding any restriction in any organizational document of such Subsidiary) or the requirement for such third party consent was established in order to avoid becoming a Guarantor, (d) any captive insurance Subsidiaries, any special purpose entities, any broker-dealer subsidiaries, any bank or trust company subsidiaries, or (e) any Subsidiary to the extent the cost of providing such guarantee is excessive in relation to the value afforded thereby as reasonably agreed by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent; provided that, it being understood and agreed that, notwithstanding the above, if a Subsidiary executes the Guarantee as a Guarantor then it shall not constitute an Excluded Subsidiary (unless released from its obligations under such Guarantee as Guarantor in accordance with the terms hereof and thereof); provided, further, that no Subsidiary of the Borrower shall be an Excluded Subsidiary if such Subsidiary guarantees or is a primary obligor of obligations in respect of any Indebtedness of a Loan Party and/or any permitted refinancing of any of the foregoing (and successive permitted refinancings thereof). Excluded Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any Swap Obligation if, and to the extent that, all or a portion of the Guarantee of such Guarantor of, or the grant by such Guarantor of a security interest to secure, such Swap Obligation (or any Guarantee thereof) is or becomes illegal under the Commodity Exchange Act or any rule, regulation or order of the Commodity Futures Trading Commission (or the application or official interpretation of any thereof) by virtue of such Guarantor s failure for any reason to constitute an ECP at the time the Guarantee of such Guarantor or the grant of such security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation. If a Swap Obligation arises under a master agreement governing more than one swap, such exclusion shall apply only to the portion of such Swap Obligation that is attributable to swaps for which such Guarantee or security interest is or becomes illegal. Excluded Taxes means any of the following Taxes imposed on or with respect to a Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to a Recipient: (a) Taxes imposed on or measured by net income (however denominated), franchise Taxes, and branch profits Taxes, in each case, (i) imposed as a result of such Recipient being organized under the laws of, or having its principal office or, in the case of any Lender, its applicable lending office located in, the jurisdiction imposing such Tax (or any political subdivision thereof) or (ii) that are Other Connection Taxes, (b) in the case of a Lender, U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed on amounts payable to or for the account of such Lender with respect to an applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment pursuant to a law in effect on the date on which (i) such Lender acquires such interest in the Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment (other than pursuant to an assignment request by the Borrower under Section 2.19(b)) or (ii) such Lender changes its lending office, except in each case to the extent that, pursuant to Section 2.17, amounts with respect to such Taxes were payable either to such Lender s assignor immediately before such Lender acquired the applicable interest in a Loan, Letter of Credit or Commitment or to such Lender immediately before it changed its lending office, (c) Taxes attributable to such Recipient s failure to comply with Section 2.17(f) and (d) any U.S. federal withholding Taxes imposed under FATCA. Existing Credit Agreement shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. Existing Lenders shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. Existing Equity Holders means each of LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P., LLR Equity Partners Parallel IV, L.P., Michele D. Logan, Michele D. Logan 2017 Charitable Remainder Unitrust, dated 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 18 - December 28, 2017, Ephesians 3:16 Holdings LLC, Carol D. Herslow Credit Shelter Trust B, Luis DaSilva, Kevin Kleinschmidt 2016 Trust dated January 22, 2016, Richard Vague, B. Graeme Frazier IV, Joseph Morris and CompoSecure Employee, LLC (and/or together with any trust, estate or other similar entity controlled by such person who, as of June 11, 2020, owns Equity Interests in Holdings). Existing Term Loans means the Term Loans made by the Existing Lenders on the Original Effective Date, the First Restatement Date and the Second Restatement Date, with an outstanding aggregate principal amount of 228,000,000 as of the Restatement Date. Exiting Lender means Investors Bank. FATCA means Sections 1471 through 1474 of the Code as of the Original Effective Date (or any amended or successor version that is substantively comparable and not materially more onerous to comply with), any current or future regulations or official interpretations thereof and any agreement entered into pursuant to Section 1471(b)(1) of the Code. FCA has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.08. Federal Funds Effective Rate means, for any day, the rate calculated by the NYFRB based on such day s federal funds transactions by depositary institutions (as determined in such manner as shall be set forth on the NYFRB s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as the federal funds effective rate, provided that, if the Federal Funds Effective Rate as so determined would be less than zero such rate shall be deemed to be zero for the purposes of this Agreement. Financial Officer means the chief financial officer, principal accounting officer, treasurer or controller of Holdings. Financial Statements has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01. First Restatement Date means July 2, 2019. Floor means the benchmark rate floor, if any, provided in this Agreement initially (as of the execution of this Agreement, the modification, amendment or renewal of this Agreement or otherwise) with respect to LIBO Rate.the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate or the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. For the avoidance of doubt, the initial Floor for each of the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate and the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR shall be zero. Foreign Lender means (a) if the Borrower is a U.S. Person, a Lender that is not a U.S. Person, and (b) if the Borrower is not a U.S. Person, a Lender that is resident or organized under the laws of a jurisdiction other than that in which the Borrower is resident for tax purposes. Funding Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 4.01(i). GAAP means generally accepted accounting principles in the U.S. Governmental Authority means the government of the U.S., any other nation or any political subdivision thereof, whether state or local, and any agency, authority, instrumentality, regulatory body, court, central bank or other entity exercising executive, legislative, judicial, taxing, regulatory or administrative powers or functions of or pertaining to government. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 19 - Guarantee of or by any Person (the guarantor means any obligation, contingent or otherwise, of the guarantor guaranteeing or having the economic effect of guaranteeing any Indebtedness or other obligation of any other Person (the primary obligor in any manner, whether directly or indirectly, and including any obligation of the guarantor, direct or indirect, (a) to purchase or pay (or advance or supply funds for the purchase or payment of) such Indebtedness or other obligation or to purchase (or to advance or supply funds for the purchase of) any security for the payment thereof, (b) to purchase or lease property, securities or services for the purpose of assuring the owner of such Indebtedness or other obligation of the payment thereof, (c) to maintain Working Capital, equity capital or any other financial statement condition or liquidity of the primary obligor so as to enable the primary obligor to pay such Indebtedness or other obligation or (d) as an account party in respect of any letter of credit or letter of guaranty issued to support such Indebtedness or obligation; provided that the term Guarantee shall not include endorsements for collection or deposit in the ordinary course of business. The amount of any Guarantee shall be deemed to be an amount equal to the lesser of (a) the stated or determinable amount of the primary payment obligation in respect of which such Guarantee is made and (b) the maximum amount for which the guaranteeing Person may be liable pursuant to the terms of the instrument embodying such Guarantee, unless such primary payment obligation and the maximum amount for which such guaranteeing Person may be liable are not stated or determinable, in which case the amount of the Guarantee shall be such guaranteeing Person s maximum reasonably possible liability in respect thereof as reasonably determined by the Borrower in good faith. Guaranteed Obligations has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.01. Guarantors means all Loan Guarantors and all non-Loan Parties who have delivered an Obligation Guaranty, and the term Guarantor means each or any one of them individually. Hazardous Materials means: (a) any substance, material, or waste that is included within the definitions of hazardous substances, hazardous materials, hazardous waste, toxic substances, toxic materials, toxic waste, or words of similar import in any Environmental Law; (b) those substances listed as hazardous substances by the United States Department of Transportation (or any successor agency) (49 C.F.R. 172.101 and amendments thereto) or by the Environmental Protection Agency (or any successor agency) (40 C.F.R. Part 302 and amendments thereto); and (c) any substance, material, or waste that is petroleum, petroleum-related, or a petroleum by-product, asbestos or asbestos-containing material, polychlorinated biphenyls, flammable, explosive, radioactive, freon gas, radon, or a pesticide, herbicide, or any other agricultural chemical. Hedge Agreement means any interest rate protection agreement, foreign currency exchange agreement, commodity price protection agreement or other interest rate, currency exchange rate or commodity price hedge, future, forward, swap, option, cap, floor, collar or similar agreement or arrangement (including both physical and financial settlement transactions). Holdings shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals. Holdings LLC Agreement means the Second Amended and Restated Limited Liability Company Agreement of Holdings, dated on or around December 27, 2021, by and among Holdings and the members party thereto. Income Tax Expense means, for any period, all provisions for taxes based on the net income of Holdings or any of its Subsidiaries (including, without limitation, any additions to such taxes, and any penalties and interest with respect thereto and any expensed taxes), all as determined for Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 20 - Impacted Interest Period has the meaning assigned to such term in the definition of LIBO Rate . Immaterial Subsidiary means any Subsidiary of the Borrower that, as of any date of determination, does not have either (a) EBITDA for the for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or most recently prior to such date (when combined with the EBITDA of all Immaterial Subsidiaries, after eliminating intercompany obligations) in excess of 10.00 of EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or most recently prior to such date or (b) total assets (when combined with the total assets of all Immaterial Subsidiaries) in excess of 10.00 of the total assets of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries as of such date of determination; provided that, as of any date of determination, no Immaterial Subsidiary shall have (x) EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or most recently prior to such date in excess of 5.00 of EBITDA for such for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or most recently prior to such date or (y) total assets in excess of 5.00 of the total assets of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries as of such date of determination. Indebtedness of any Person means, without duplication, (a) all obligations of such Person for borrowed money, (b) all obligations of such Person evidenced by bonds, debentures, notes or similar instruments, (c) all obligations of such Person upon which interest charges are customarily paid, (d) all obligations of such Person under conditional sale or other title retention agreements relating to property acquired by such Person, (e) all obligations of such Person in respect of the deferred purchase price of property or services (excluding current accounts payable incurred in the ordinary course of business), (f) all Indebtedness of others secured by (or for which the holder of such Indebtedness has an existing right, contingent or otherwise, to be secured by) any Lien on property owned or acquired by such Person, whether or not the Indebtedness secured thereby has been assumed, (g) all Guarantees by such Person of Indebtedness of others, (h) all Capital Lease Obligations of such Person, (i) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person as an account party in respect of letters of credit and letters of guaranty, (j) all obligations, contingent or otherwise, of such Person in respect of bankers acceptances, (k) obligations under any liquidated earn-out, (l) any other Off-Balance Sheet Liability and (m) obligations, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (i) any and all Swap Agreements, and (ii) any and all cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Agreement transaction. The Indebtedness of any Person shall include the Indebtedness of any other entity (including any partnership in which such Person is a general partner) to the extent such Person is liable therefor by operation of law as a result of such Person s ownership interest in such entity, except to the extent the terms of such Indebtedness provide that such Person is not liable therefor. Indebtedness shall not include (i) deferred or prepaid revenue, (ii) purchase price holdbacks in respect of a portion of the purchase price of an asset to satisfy warranty or other unperformed obligations of the respective seller, or (iii) any other earn-out, purchase price adjustments or contingent payments with respect to any acquisitions existing as of the date of this Agreement or arising from any Permitted Acquisitions from and after the date of this Agreement until any such earn-out, purchase price adjustment or contingent payment becomes a liability on the balance sheet in accordance with GAAP. Indemnified Taxes means (a) Taxes, other than Excluded Taxes, imposed on or with respect to any payment made by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (b) to the extent not otherwise described in the foregoing clause (a), Other Taxes. Indemnitee has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.03(b). Ineligible Institution has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 21 - Information has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.12. Interest Election Request means a request by the Borrower to convert or continue a Borrowing in accordance with Section 2.08. Interest Expense means, with reference to any period, total interest expense (including that attributable to Capital Lease Obligations) of Holdings and its Subsidiaries for such period with respect to all outstanding Indebtedness of Holdings and its Subsidiaries (including all commissions, discounts and other fees and charges owed with respect to letters of credit and bankers acceptances and net costs under Swap Agreements in respect of interest rates, to the extent such net costs are allocable to such period in accordance with GAAP), calculated for Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis for such period in accordance with GAAP. Interest Payment Date means (a) with respect to any ABR Loan (other than a Swingline Loan), the first day of each calendar quarter and the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the Term Maturity Date, as applicable, and (b) with respect to any EurodollarRFR Loan, each date that is on the numerically corresponding day in each calendar month that is one month after the Borrowing of such Loan (or, if there is no such numerically corresponding day in such month, then the last day of such month) and the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and Term Maturity Date, as applicable, (c) with respect to any Term Benchmark Loan, the last day of the Interest Period applicable to the Borrowing of which such Loan is a part and, in the case of a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing with an Interest Period of more than three months duration, each day prior to the last day of such Interest Period that occurs at intervals of three months duration after the first day of such Interest Period and the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the Term Maturity Date, as applicable, and (cd) with respect to any Swingline Loan, the day that such Loan is required to be repaid and the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. Interest Period means with respect to any EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing, the period commencing on the date of such Eurodollar Borrowing and ending on the numerically corresponding day in the calendar month that is one, three or six months thereafter (in each case, subject to the availability for the Benchmark applicable to the relevant Loan or Commitment), as the Borrower may elect; provided that (i) if any Interest Period would end on a day other than a Business Day, such Interest Period shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day unless such next succeeding Business Day would fall in the next calendar month, in which case such Interest Period shall end on the next preceding Business Day and, (ii) any Interest Period that commences on the last Business Day of a calendar month (or on a day for which there is no numerically corresponding day in the last calendar month of such Interest Period) shall end on the last Business Day of the last calendar month of such Interest Period, and (iii) no tenor that has been removed from this definition pursuant to Section 2.14(f) shall be available for specification in such Borrowing Request or Interest Election Request. For purposes hereof, the date of a Borrowing initially shall be the date on which such Borrowing is made and thereafter, in the case of any Borrowing other than a Swingline Loan, shall be the effective date of the most recent conversion or continuation of such Borrowing. Interpolated Rate means, at any time, for any Interest Period, the rate per annum (rounded to the same number of decimal places as the LIBO Screen Rate) determined by the Administrative Agent (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) to be equal to the rate that results from interpolating on a linear basis between: (a) the LIBO Screen Rate for the longest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available) that is shorter than the Impacted Interest Period and (b) the LIBO Screen Rate for the shortest period (for which the LIBO Screen Rate is available) that exceeds the Impacted Interest Period, in each case, at such time; provided, that, if any Interpolated Rate shall be less than one percent, such rate shall be deemed to be one percent for purposes of this Agreement. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 22 - Inventory has the meaning assigned to such term in the Security Agreement. IRS means the United States Internal Revenue Service. ISDA Definitions means the 2006 ISDA Definitions published by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or any successor thereto, as amended or supplemented from time to time, or any successor definitional booklet for interest rate derivatives published from time to time by the International Swaps and Derivatives Association, Inc. or such successor thereto. Issuing Bank means, individually and collectively, each of Chase, in its capacity as the issuer of Letters of Credit hereunder, and any other Revolving Lender from time to time designated by the Borrower as an Issuing Bank, with the consent of such Revolving Lender and the Administrative Agent, and their respective successors in such capacity as provided in Section 2.06(i). Any Issuing Bank may, in its discretion, arrange for one or more Letters of Credit to be issued by its Affiliates, in which case the term Issuing Bank shall include any such Affiliate with respect to Letters of Credit issued by such Affiliate (it being agreed that such Issuing Bank shall, or shall cause such Affiliate to, comply with the requirements of Section 2.06 with respect to such Letters of Credit). At any time there is more than one Issuing Bank, all singular references to the Issuing Bank shall mean any Issuing Bank, either Issuing Bank, each Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank that has issued the applicable Letter of Credit, or both (or all) Issuing Banks, as the context may require. Issuing Bank Sublimits means, as of the Restatement Date, (i) 1,000,000, in the case of Chase and (ii) such amount as shall be designated to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower in writing by an Issuing Bank; provided that any Issuing Bank shall be permitted at any time to increase or reduce its Issuing Bank Sublimit upon providing five (5) days prior written notice thereof to the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. Joinder Agreement means a Joinder Agreement in substantially the form of Exhibit E. LC Collateral Account has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.06(j). LC Disbursement means any payment made by an Issuing Bank pursuant to a Letter of Credit. LC Exposure means, at any time, the sum of (a) the aggregate undrawn amount of all outstanding Letters of Credit plus (b) the aggregate amount of all LC Disbursements that have not yet been reimbursed by or on behalf of the Borrower. The LC Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be its Applicable Percentage of the aggregate LC Exposure at such time. Lenders means the Persons listed on the Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule and any other Person that shall have become a Lender hereunder pursuant to Section 2.09 or an Assignment and Assumption, other than any such Person that ceases to be a Lender hereunder pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption. Unless the context otherwise requires, the term Lenders includes the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank. Letters of Credit means the letters of credit issued pursuant to this Agreement, and the term Letter of Credit means any one of them or each of them singularly, as the context may require. LIBO Rate means, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any applicable Interest Period or for any ABR Borrowing, the LIBO Screen Rate at approximately 11:00 a.m., London time, two (2) Business Days prior to the commencement of such Interest Period; provided that, if the LIBO Screen Rate shall not be available at such time for such Interest Period (an Impacted Interest Period ), then the 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 23 - LIBO Rate shall be the Interpolated Rate, subject to Section 2.14 in the event that the Administrative Agent shall conclude that it shall not be possible to determine such Interpolated Rate (which conclusion shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error). Notwithstanding the above, to the extent that LIBO Rate or Adjusted LIBO Rate is used in connection with an ABR Borrowing, such rate shall be determined as modified by the definition of Alternate Base Rate. LIBO Screen Rate means, for any day and time, with respect to any Eurodollar Borrowing for any Interest Period or for any ABR Borrowing, the London interbank offered rate as administered by ICE Benchmark Administration (or any other Person that takes over the administration of such rate for Dollars) for a period equal in length to such Interest Period as displayed on such day and time on pages LIBOR01 or LIBOR02 of the Reuters screen that displays such rate (or, in the event such rate does not appear on a Reuters page or screen, on any successor or substitute page on such screen that displays such rate, or on the appropriate page of such other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion); provided that if the LIBO Screen Rate as so determined would be less than 0.50 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.50 for the purposes of this Agreement; provided, further, however, that commencing with the Merger Effective Date, then if the LIBO Screen Rate as so determined on or after such date would be less than 0.00 , such rate shall be deemed to be 0.00 percent, in each case, for the purposes of this Agreement. LIBOR has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 1.08. Lien means, with respect to any asset, (a) any mortgage, deed of trust, lien, pledge, hypothecation, encumbrance, charge or security interest in, on or of such asset, (b) the interest of a vendor or a lessor under any conditional sale agreement, capital lease or title retention agreement (or any financing lease having substantially the same economic effect as any of the foregoing) relating to such asset and (c) in the case of securities, any purchase option, call or similar right of a third party with respect to such securities. Liquidity means, as of any date of determination, an amount equal to the sum of (a) unrestricted cash and Permitted Investments (in each case, free and clear of all Liens, other than Liens securing the Obligations) held by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries and (b) the amount by which the aggregate Revolving Commitments of all Lenders which are available to the Borrower pursuant to the terms hereof exceeds the Aggregate Revolving Exposure, in each case, as of such date. Loan Documents means, collectively, this Agreement, each promissory note issued pursuant to this Agreement, any Letter of Credit applications, each Collateral Document, the Loan Guaranty, any Obligation Guaranty and each other agreement, fee letter, instrument, document and certificate identified in Section 4.01 executed and delivered to, or in favor of, the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement, including each other pledge, power of attorney, consent, assignment, contract, notice, letter of credit agreement, letter of credit applications and any agreements between the Borrower and the Issuing Bank regarding the Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank Sublimit or the respective rights and obligations between the Borrower and the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit, and each other written matter whether heretofore, now or hereafter executed by or on behalf of any Loan Party, and delivered to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby. Any reference in this Agreement or any other Loan Document to a Loan Document shall include all appendices, exhibits or schedules thereto, and all amendments, restatements, supplements or other modifications thereto, and shall refer to this Agreement or such Loan Document as the same may be in effect at any and all times such reference becomes operative. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 24 - Loan Guarantor means each Loan Party. Loan Guaranty means Article X of this Agreement. Loan Parties means, collectively, Holdings, the Borrower, Arculus, Holdings domestic Subsidiaries and, except to the extent it would result in materially adverse tax consequences to the Borrower, each of its foreign Subsidiaries and any other Person who becomes a party to this Agreement pursuant to a Joinder Agreement and their successors and assigns, and the term Loan Party shall mean any one of them or all of them individually, as the context may require. Loans means the loans and advances made by the Lenders pursuant to this Agreement, including Swingline Loans. Material Adverse Effect means any event, development or circumstance that has had or would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on (i) the business, assets, operations, property, liabilities or financial condition of Holdings and its subsidiaries taken as a whole, (ii) the ability of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, to perform any of their material obligations under the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (iii) any material portion of the Collateral, or the Administrative Agent s liens (on behalf of itself and the Lenders) on any material portion of the Collateral or the priority of such liens, or (iv) the rights of or benefits available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or the Lenders under the Loan Documents. Material Contract means each contract or agreement to which the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries is a party involving aggregate consideration payable to or by the Borrower or such Subsidiary of 10,000,000 or more per annum (other than purchase orders in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or such Subsidiary and other than contracts that by their terms may be terminated by the Borrower or such Subsidiary in the ordinary course of its business upon less than 60 days notice without penalty or premium). Material Indebtedness means Indebtedness (other than the Loans and Letters of Credit), or obligations in respect of one or more Swap Agreements, of any one or more of the Loan Parties in an aggregate principal amount exceeding 10,000,000. For purposes of determining Material Indebtedness, the principal amount of the obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of any Swap Agreement at any time shall be the maximum aggregate amount (giving effect to any netting agreements) that such Loan Party would be required to pay if such Swap Agreement were terminated at such time. Maximum Rate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.17. Merger means the merger of Merger Sub with and into Holdings pursuant to the Merger Agreement, with Holdings surviving as a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo; provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that the Merger shall only be permitted to occur on or prior to the Outside Merger Date. Merger Agreement means that certain agreement and plan of merger, dated as of [____]April 19, 2021 by and among Pubco, Merger Sub, Holdings and LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P., a Delaware limited partnership. Merger Effective Date means the date of the consummation of the Merger; provided, that the Merger Effective Date shall be no later than the Outside Merger Date. Merger Effective Date Dividend means, collectively, a one-time Restricted Payment to fund a distribution to holders of Equity Interests of the Borrower in an amount not to exceed the maximum 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 25 - amount immediately following which distribution the Borrower shall retain 15,000,000 of cash and cash equivalents. Merger Sub means Roman Parent Merger Sub, LLC, a Delaware limited liability company, and a wholly-owned subsidiary of PubCo. Moody s means Moody s Investors Service, Inc. Mortgage means any mortgage, deed of trust or other agreement which conveys or evidences a Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, on real property of a Loan Party, including any amendment, restatement, modification or supplement thereto. Multiemployer Plan means a multiemployer plan as defined in Section 4001(a)(3) of ERISA. Net Income means, for any period, the consolidated net income (or loss) determined for Holdings and its Subsidiaries, on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP; provided that there shall be excluded (a) the income (or deficit) of any Person (other than a Subsidiary) in which Holdings or any Subsidiary has an ownership interest, except to the extent that any such income is actually received by the Holdings or such Subsidiary in the form of dividends or similar distributions and (b) the undistributed earnings of any Subsidiary, to the extent that the declaration or payment of dividends or similar distributions by such Subsidiary is not at the time permitted by the terms of any contractual obligation (other than under any Loan Document) or Requirement of Law applicable to such Subsidiary. Net Proceeds means, with respect to any event, (a) the cash proceeds received in respect of such event including (i) any cash received in respect of any non-cash proceeds (including any cash payments received by way of deferred payment of principal pursuant to a note or installment receivable or purchase price adjustment receivable or otherwise, but excluding any interest payments), but only as and when received, (ii) in the case of a casualty, insurance proceeds and (iii) in the case of a condemnation or similar event, condemnation awards and similar payments, minus (b) the sum of (i) all reasonable fees and out-of-pocket expenses paid to third parties (other than Affiliates) in connection with such event, (ii) in the case of a sale, transfer or other disposition of an asset (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction or a casualty or a condemnation or similar proceeding), the amount of all payments required to be made as a result of such event to repay Indebtedness (other than Loans) secured by such asset or otherwise subject to mandatory prepayment as a result of such event and (iii) the amount of all taxes paid (or reasonably estimated to be payable) and the amount of any reserves established to fund contingent liabilities reasonably estimated to be payable, in each case during the year that such event occurred or the next succeeding year and that are directly attributable to such event (as determined reasonably and in good faith by a Financial Officer). New Term Loan has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.10(c). Non-Consenting Lender has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.02(d). NYFRB means the Federal Reserve Bank of New York. NYFRB Rate means, for any day, the greater of (a) the Federal Funds Effective Rate in effect on such day and (b) the Overnight Bank Funding Rate in effect on such day(or for any day that is not a Business Day, for the immediately preceding Business Day); provided that if none of such rates are published for any day that is a Business Day, the term NYFRB Rate means the rate for a federal funds transaction quoted at 11:00 a.m. on such day received to the Administrative Agent from a Federal funds 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 26 - broker of recognized standing selected by it; provided, further, that if any of the aforesaid rates shall be less than zero, such rate shall be deemed to be zero for purposes of this Agreement. NYFRB s Website means the website of the NYFRB at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source. Obligated Party has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 10.02. Obligation Guaranty means any Guarantee of all or any portion of the Secured Obligations executed and delivered to the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties by a guarantor who is not a Loan Party. Obligations means all unpaid principal of and accrued and unpaid interest on the Loans, all LC Exposure, all Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights, all accrued and unpaid fees and all expenses, reimbursements, indemnities and other obligations and indebtedness (including interest and fees accruing during the pendency of any bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or other similar proceeding, regardless of whether allowed or allowable in such proceeding), obligations and liabilities of any of the Loan Parties to any of the Lenders, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any indemnified party, individually or collectively, existing on the Restatement Date or arising thereafter, direct or indirect, joint or several, absolute or contingent, matured or unmatured, liquidated or unliquidated, secured or unsecured, arising by contract, operation of law or otherwise, arising or incurred under this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents or in respect of any of the Loans made or reimbursement or other obligations incurred or any of the Letters of Credit or other instruments at any time evidencing any thereof. Off-Balance Sheet Liability of a Person means (a) any repurchase obligation or liability of such Person with respect to accounts or notes receivable sold by such Person, (b) any indebtedness, liability or obligation under any so-called synthetic lease transaction entered into by such Person, or (c) any indebtedness, liability or obligation arising with respect to any other transaction which is the functional equivalent of or takes the place of borrowing but which does not constitute a liability on the balance sheet of such Person (other than operating leases). Original Effective Date shall have the meaning set forth in the recitals hereto. Other Connection Taxes means, with respect to any Recipient, Taxes imposed as a result of a present or former connection between such Recipient and the jurisdiction imposing such Taxes (other than a connection arising from such Recipient having executed, delivered, become a party to, performed its obligations under, received payments under, received or perfected a security interest under, engaged in any other transaction pursuant to, or enforced, any Loan Document), or sold or assigned an interest in any Loan, Letter of Credit, or any Loan Document. Other Taxes means all present or future stamp, court or documentary, intangible, recording, filing or similar Taxes that arise from any payment made under, from the execution, delivery, performance, enforcement or registration of, from the receipt or perfection of a security interest under, or otherwise with respect to, any Loan Document, except any such Taxes that are Other Connection Taxes imposed with respect to an assignment (other than an assignment made pursuant to Section 2.19). Outside Merger Date means June 30, 2022. Overnight Bank Funding Rate means, for any day, the rate comprised of both overnight federal funds and overnight Eurodollar borrowingseurodollar transactions denominated in Dollars by U.S.-managed banking offices of depository institutions (as such composite rate shall be determined by 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 27 - the NYFRB as set forth on its public websitethe NYFRB s Website from time to time) and published on the next succeeding Business Day by the NYFRB as an overnight bank funding rate (from and after such date as the NYFRB shall commence to publish such composite rate). Parent means, with respect to any Lender, any Person as to which such Lender is, directly or indirectly, a subsidiary. Participant has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). Participant Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(c). Payment Recipient has the meaning assigned to it in Section 8.11(a). PBGC means the Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation referred to and defined in ERISA and any successor entity performing similar functions. Permitted Acquisition means any Acquisition by any Loan Party (other than Holdings) in a transaction that satisfies each of the following requirements: (a) such Acquisition is not a hostile or contested acquisition; (b) the business acquired in connection with such Acquisition is (i) located in the U.S., (ii) organized under applicable U.S. and state laws, and (iii) not engaged, directly or indirectly, in any line of business other than the businesses in which the Loan Parties are engaged on the Restatement Date and any business activities that are substantially similar, related, or incidental thereto or a reasonable extension thereof; (c) both before and after giving effect to such Acquisition and the Loans (if any) requested to be made in connection therewith, each of the representations and warranties in the Loan Documents is true and correct (except (i) any such representation or warranty which relates to a specified prior date and (ii) to the extent the Lenders have been notified in writing by the Loan Parties that any representation or warranty is not correct and the Lenders have explicitly waived in writing compliance with such representation or warranty) and no Default exists, will exist, or would result therefrom; (d) as soon as available, but not less than thirty (30) days (or such lesser period as may be agreed by the Administrative Agent) prior to such Acquisition, the Borrower has provided the Administrative Agent (i) notice of such Acquisition and (ii) a copy of all business and financial information reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent including pro forma financial statements, and statements of cash flow; (e) immediately after giving effect to such Acquisition, Liquidity shall be no less than 10,000,000; (f) if such Acquisition is an acquisition of the Equity Interests of a Person, such Acquisition is structured so that the acquired Person shall become a wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower and a Loan Party pursuant to the terms of this Agreement; (g) if such Acquisition is an acquisition of assets, such Acquisition is structured so that the Borrower or another Loan Party (other than Holdings) shall acquire such assets; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 28 - (h) if such Acquisition is an acquisition of Equity Interests, such Acquisition will not result in any violation of Regulation U; (i) if such Acquisition involves a merger or a consolidation involving the Borrower or any other Loan Party (other than Holdings), the Borrower or such Loan Party, as applicable, shall be the surviving entity; (j) no Loan Party shall, as a result of or in connection with any such Acquisition, assume or incur any direct or contingent liabilities (whether relating to environmental, tax, litigation, or other matters) that would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; (k) in connection with an Acquisition of the Equity Interests of any Person, all Liens on property of such Person shall be terminated unless the Administrative Agent and the Lenders in their sole discretion consent otherwise, and in connection with an Acquisition of the assets of any Person, all Liens on such assets shall be terminated; (l) the Borrower shall certify to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (and provide the Administrative Agent and the Lenders with a pro forma calculation in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders) that, after giving effect to the completion of such Acquisition, on a pro forma basis, Holdings will be in compliance with (i) the covenant contained in Section 6.12(b) less 0.25 of the then applicable level and (ii) the covenant contained in Section 6.12(a) plus 0.25 of the then applicable level; (m) all actions required to be taken with respect to any newly acquired or formed wholly-owned Subsidiary of the Borrower or a Loan Party, as applicable, required under Section 5.14 shall have been taken; and (n) the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent the final executed material documentation relating to such Acquisition within fifteen (15) days following the consummation thereof. Permitted Convertible Notes means those certain 7.00 exchangeable senior unsecured notes due five years after the issuance thereof issued by Holdings on or after the Merger Effective Date and guaranteed by Borrower that are exchangeable into shares of PubCo s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share. Permitted Encumbrances means: (a) Liens imposed by law for Taxes that are not yet due or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; (b) carriers , warehousemen s, mechanics , materialmen s, repairmen s and other like Liens imposed by law, arising in the ordinary course of business and securing obligations that are not overdue by more than thirty (30) days or are being contested in compliance with Section 5.04; (c) pledges and deposits made in the ordinary course of business in compliance with workers compensation, unemployment insurance and other social security laws or regulations or employment laws or to secure other public, statutory or regulatory obligations; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 29 - (d) deposits to secure the performance of bids, trade contracts, leases, statutory obligations, surety and appeal bonds, performance bonds and other obligations of a like nature, in each case in the ordinary course of business; (e) judgment Liens in respect of judgments that do not constitute an Event of Default under clause (k) of Article VII; (f) easements, zoning restrictions, rights-of-way and similar encumbrances on real property imposed by law or arising in the ordinary course of business that do not secure any monetary obligations and do not materially detract from the value of the affected property or interfere with the ordinary conduct of business of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (g) any interest or title of a lessor or sublessor under any lease of real estate; (h) leases, licenses, subleases or sublicenses granted to others not interfering in any material respect with the business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; and (i) purported Liens evidenced by the filing of precautionary UCC financing statements or similar filings relating to operating leases of personal property entered into by the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business; provided that the term Permitted Encumbrances shall not include any Lien securing Indebtedness, except with respect to clause (e) above. Permitted Holders means (a) prior to the Merger Effective Date, Sponsor and Existing Equity Holders and (b) after the Merger Effective Date, Pubco and all other owners of authorized Equity Interests of Holdings (including, for the avoidance of doubt, holders of option interests) as of the Restatement Date, together in each case, with their Permitted Transferees (as defined in the Holdings LLC Agreement as in effect on the Restatement Date). Permitted Investments means: (a) direct obligations of, or obligations the principal of and interest on which are unconditionally guaranteed by, the U.S. (or by any agency thereof to the extent such obligations are backed by the full faith and credit of the U.S.), in each case maturing within one year from the date of acquisition thereof; (b) investments in commercial paper maturing within 270 days from the date of acquisition thereof and having, at such date of acquisition, the highest credit rating obtainable from S P or from Moody (c) investments in certificates of deposit, bankers acceptances and time deposits maturing within 180 days from the date of acquisition thereof issued or guaranteed by or placed with, and money market deposit accounts issued or offered by, any Lender or any domestic office of any commercial bank organized under the laws of the U.S. or any state thereof which has a combined capital and surplus and undivided profits of not less than 500,000,000; (d) fully collateralized repurchase agreements with a term of not more than 30 days for securities described in clause (a) above and entered into with a financial institution satisfying the criteria described in clause (c) above; and 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 30 - (e) money market funds that (i) comply with the criteria set forth in Securities and Exchange Commission Rule 2a-7 under the Investment Company Act of 1940, (ii) are rated AAA by S P and Aaa by Moody s and (iii) have portfolio assets of at least 5,000,000,000. Permitted Tax Distributions means Restricted Payments to the equity holders of Holdings for the payment of income taxes in accordance with Section 8.4(a) of the Holdings LLC Agreement as in effect on the Restatement Date. Person means any natural person, corporation, limited liability company, trust, joint venture, association, company, partnership, Governmental Authority or other entity. Plan means any employee pension benefit plan (other than a Multiemployer Plan) subject to the provisions of Title IV of ERISA or Section 412 of the Code or Section 302 of ERISA, and in respect of which the Borrower or any ERISA Affiliate is (or, if such plan were terminated, would under Section 4069 of ERISA be deemed to be) an employer as defined in Section 3(5) of ERISA. Platform means Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak or a substantially similar electronic transmission system. Pledge Agreement means each Pledge Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the Original Effective Date, between Sponsor and each Existing Equity Holder, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, on the other, in each case, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, and any other pledge agreement entered into after the Original Effective Date (including, if the Merger Effective Date occurs, the Pubco Pledge Agreement) by any holder of Equity Interests of Holdings or the Borrower (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Prepayment Event means: (a) any sale, transfer or other disposition or series of sales, transfers or dispositions (including pursuant to a sale and leaseback transaction) of any property or asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, other than dispositions described in Section 6.05(a) that result in aggregate Net Proceeds in excess of 2,000,000 in any fiscal year of Holdings; or (b) any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary that result in aggregate Net Proceeds in excess of 2,000,000 in any fiscal year of Holdings; or (c) the receipt by the Borrower of any Specified Equity Contribution in connection with any Equity Cure; or (d) the incurrence by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary of any Indebtedness, other than Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01. Prime Rate means the rate of interest per annum publicly announced from time to time by Chase as its prime rate in effect at its principal offices in New York City. Each change in the Prime Rate shall be effective from and including the date such change is publicly announced as being effective. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 31 - Projections has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 5.01(f). PubCo means Roman DBDR Tech Acquisition Corp, which entity shall be renamed CompoSecure, Inc. on the Merger Effective Date. Pubco Pledge Agreement means that certain Pledge Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the Merger Effective Date, between each of PubCo and Holdings, on the one hand, and the Administrative Agent, on the other, in each case, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, and any other pledge agreement entered into, after the date hereof by any holder of Equity Interests of Holdings or the Borrower (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, in form and substance reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Public-Sider means a Lender whose representatives may trade in securities of Holdings or its controlling person or any of its Subsidiaries while in possession of the financial statements provided by Holdings under the terms of this Agreement. QFC has the meaning assigned to the term qualified financial contract in, and shall be interpreted in accordance with, 12 U.S.C. 5390(c)(8)(D). QFC Credit Support has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.22. Qualified ECP Guarantor means, in respect of any Swap Obligation, each Loan Party that has total assets exceeding 10,000,000 at the time the relevant Loan Guaranty or grant of the relevant security interest becomes or would become effective with respect to such Swap Obligation or such other person as constitutes an eligible contract participant under the Commodity Exchange Act or any regulations promulgated thereunder and can cause another person to qualify as an eligible contract participant at such time by entering into a keepwell under Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. Reaffirmation Agreement means that certain Reaffirmation Agreement, dated as of the Restatement Date, by the Loan Parties for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders. Real Property means all real property that was, is now or may hereafter be owned, occupied or otherwise controlled by any Loan Party pursuant to any contract of sale, lease or other conveyance of any legal interest in any real property to any Loan Party. Recipient means, as applicable, (a) the Administrative Agent, (b) any Lender and (c) any Issuing Bank, or any combination thereof (as the context requires). Reference Time with respect to any setting of the then-current Benchmark means (1) if such Benchmark is LIBOthe Term SOFR Rate, 11:00 a.m. (London5:00 a.m. (Chicago time) on the day that is two London banking daysU.S. Government Securities Business Days preceding the date of such setting, and (2) if the RFR for such Benchmark is Daily Simple SOFR, then four Business Days prior to such setting or (3) if such Benchmark is not LIBOnone of the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR, the time determined by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion. Refinance Indebtedness has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.01(f). Register has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 9.04(b). 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 32 - Related Parties means, with respect to any specified Person, such Person s Affiliates and the respective directors, officers, partners, members, trustees, employees, agents, administrators, managers, representatives and advisors of such Person and such Person s Affiliates. Release means any releasing, spilling, leaking, pumping, pouring, emitting, emptying, discharging, injecting, escaping, leaching, migrating, disposing, or dumping of any substance into the environment. Relevant Governmental Body means the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or a committee officially endorsed or convened by the Federal Reserve Board and/or the NYFRB, or, in each case, any successor thereto. Relevant Rate means (i) with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate, and (ii) with respect to any RFR Borrowing, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR, as applicable. Report means reports prepared by the Administrative Agent or another Person showing the results of appraisals, field examinations or audits pertaining to the Borrower s assets from information furnished by or on behalf of the Borrower, after the Administrative Agent has exercised its rights of inspection pursuant to this Agreement, which Reports may be distributed to the Lenders by the Administrative Agent. Required Lenders means, at any time, Lenders (other than Defaulting Lenders) having Credit Exposure and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Aggregate Credit Exposure and unused Commitments at such time if there are more than two Lenders which are not Affiliates at such time; provided that, (a) as long as there are only two Lenders which are not Affiliates, Required Lenders shall mean both Lenders, (b) for purposes of declaring the Loans to be due and payable pursuant to Article VII, and for all purposes after the Loans become due and payable pursuant to Article VII or the Commitments expire or terminate, then, as to each Lender, clause (a) of the definition of Swingline Exposure shall only be applicable for purposes of determining its Revolving Exposure to the extent such Lender shall have funded its participation in the outstanding Swingline Loans, and (c) the Credit Exposure of any Lender that is a Swingline Lender shall be deemed to exclude any amount of its Swingline Exposure in excess of its Applicable Percentage of all outstanding Swingline Loans, adjusted to give effect to any reallocation under Section 2.20 of the Swingline Exposures of Defaulting Lenders in effect at such time, and the unused Commitment of such Lender shall be determined on the basis of its Credit Exposure excluding such excess amount. Requirement of Law means, with respect to any Person, (a) the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents of such Person and (b) any statute, law (including common law), treaty, rule, regulation, code, ordinance, order, decree, writ, judgment, injunction or determination of any arbitrator or court or other Governmental Authority (including Environmental Laws), in each case applicable to or binding upon such Person or any of its property or to which such Person or any of its property is subject. Resolution Authority means an EEA Resolution Authority or, with respect to any UK Financial Institution, a UK Resolution Authority. Responsible Officer means the chief executive officer, president or a member of the management team of the Borrower. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 33 - Restatement Date means the date on which the conditions specified in Section 4.01 are satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02). Restricted Payment means any dividend or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) with respect to any Equity Interests in Holdings or any Subsidiary, or any payment (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any such Equity Interests or any option, warrant or other right to acquire any such Equity Interests or any management fee payable to any holder of the Equity Interests of Holdings. For avoidance of doubt, Restricted Payment shall include all dividends and distributions permitted pursuant to Section 6.08. Revolving Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Revolving Loans and to acquire participations in Letters of Credit and Swingline Loans hereunder, expressed as an amount representing the maximum aggregate permitted amount of such Lender s Revolving Exposure hereunder, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (a) Section 2.09 and (b) assignments by or to such Lender pursuant to Section 9.04. The initialAs of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the amount of each Lender s Revolving Commitment is set forth on the Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule, or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Revolving Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Commitments on the RestatementAmendment No. 1 Effective Date is 60,000,000. Revolving Credit Maturity Date means December 21, 2025 (if the same is a Business Day, or if not then the immediately next succeeding Business Day), or any earlier date on which the Revolving Commitments are reduced to zero or otherwise terminated pursuant to the terms hereof; provided, however, that if the Merger has not been consummated on or prior to the Outside Merger Date, the Revolving Credit Maturity Date shall mean December 21, 2024. Revolving Exposure means, with respect to any Lender, at any time, the sum of the aggregate outstanding principal amount of such Lender s Revolving Loans and its LC Exposure and its Swingline Exposure at such time. Revolving Lender means, as of any date of determination, a Lender with a Revolving Commitment or, if the Revolving Commitments have terminated or expired, a Lender with Revolving Exposure. Revolving Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(a). RFR Borrowing means, as to any Borrowing, the RFR Loans comprising such Borrowing. RFR Loan means a Loan that bears interest at a rate based on the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR. S P means Standard Poor s Ratings Services, a Standard Poor s Financial Services LLC business. Sale and Leaseback Transaction has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 6.06. Sanctioned Country means, at any time, a country, region or territory which is itself the subject or target of any Sanctions (at the time of this Agreement, the so-called Donetsk People s Republic, the 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 34 - so-called Luhansk People s Republic, the Crimea Region of Ukraine, Cuba, Iran, North Korea, Sudan and Syria). Sanctioned Person means, at any time, (a) any Person listed in any Sanctions-related list of designated Persons maintained by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury, the U.S. Department of State or by the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state, HerHis Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority, (b) any Person operating, organized or resident in a Sanctioned Country or, (c) any Person owned or controlled by any such Person or Persons described in the foregoing clauses (a) or (b), or (d) any Person otherwise the subject of any Sanctions. Sanctions means all economic or financial sanctions or trade embargoes imposed, administered or enforced from time to time by (a) the U.S. government, including those administered by the Office of Foreign Assets Control of the U.S. Department of the Treasury or the U.S. Department of State, or (b) the United Nations Security Council, the European Union, any European Union member state or HerHis Majesty s Treasury of the United Kingdom or other relevant sanctions authority. SEC means the Securities and Exchange Commission of the U.S. Secured Obligations means all Obligations, together with all (i) Banking Services Obligations and (ii) Swap Agreement Obligations owing to one or more Lenders or their respective Affiliates; provided, however, that the definition of Secured Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Guarantor. Secured Parties means (a) the Lenders, (b) the Administrative Agent, (c) each Issuing Bank, (d) each provider of Banking Services, to the extent the Banking Services Obligations in respect thereof constitute Secured Obligations, (e) each counterparty to any Swap Agreement, to the extent the obligations thereunder constitute Secured Obligations, (f) the beneficiaries of each indemnification obligation undertaken by any Loan Party under any Loan Document and (g) the successors and permitted assigns of each of the foregoing. Security Agreement means that certain Pledge and Security Agreement (including any and all supplements thereto), dated as of the Original Effective Date, among the Loan Parties and the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, and any other pledge or security agreement entered into, after the Original Effective Date by any other Loan Party (as required by this Agreement or any other Loan Document) or any other Person for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, as the same may be amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time. Senior Secured Indebtedness means, as of any date of determination, the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness as of such date that is then secured by Liens on some or all the property or assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries, determined for Holdings and its Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis as of such date. Senior Secured Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) Senior Secured Indebtedness on such date to (b) EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ending on or most recently prior to such date. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 35 - SOFR means, with respect to any Business Day, a rate per annum equal to the secured overnight financing rate for such Business Day publishedas administered by the SOFR Administrator on the SOFR Administrator s Website on the immediately succeeding Business Day. SOFR Administrator means the NYFRB (or a successor administrator of the secured overnight financing rate). SOFR Administrator s Website means the NYFRB s website, currently at http://www.newyorkfed.org, or any successor source for the secured overnight financing rate identified as such by the SOFR Administrator from time to time. SOFR Determination Date has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . SOFR Rate Day has the meaning specified in the definition of Daily Simple SOFR . Specified Event of Default means any Event of Default under Article VII (a), (d) (but solely to the extent arising as a consequence of a breach of any covenant contained in Section 6.12), (h) or (i). Sponsor means LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P., together with its controlled investment affiliates. Statement has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.18(g). Statutory Reserve Rate means a fraction (expressed as a decimal), the numerator of which is the number one and the denominator of which is the number one minus the aggregate of the maximum reserve percentage (including any marginal, special, emergency or supplemental reserves) established by the Board to which the Administrative Agent is subject with respect to the Adjusted LIBO Rate, for eurocurrency funding (currently referred to as Eurocurrency Liabilities in Regulation D of the Board). Such reserve percentages shall include those imposed pursuant to such Regulation D of the Board. Eurodollar Loans shall be deemed to constitute eurocurrency funding and to be subject to such reserve requirements without benefit of or credit for proration, exemptions or offsets that may be available from time to time to any Lender under such Regulation D of the Board or any comparable regulation. The Statutory Reserve Rate shall be adjusted automatically on and as of the effective date of any change in any reserve percentage. subsidiary means, with respect to any Person (the parent at any date, any corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity the accounts of which would be consolidated with those of the parent in the parent s consolidated financial statements if such financial statements were prepared in accordance with GAAP as of such date, as well as any other corporation, limited liability company, partnership, association or other entity (a) of which securities or other ownership interests representing more than 50 of the equity or more than 50 of the ordinary voting power or, in the case of a partnership, more than 50 of the general partnership interests are, as of such date, owned, controlled or held, or (b) that is, as of such date, otherwise Controlled, by the parent or one or more subsidiaries of the parent or by the parent and one or more subsidiaries of the parent. Subsidiary means any direct or indirect subsidiary of Holdings or of any other Loan Party, as applicable. Supported QFC has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.22. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 36 - Swap Agreement means any agreement with respect to any swap, forward, spot, future, credit default or derivative transaction or option or similar agreement involving, or settled by reference to, one or more rates, currencies, commodities, equity or debt instruments or securities, or economic, financial or pricing indices or measures of economic, financial or pricing risk or value or any similar transaction or any combination of these transactions; provided that no phantom stock or similar plan providing for payments only on account of services provided by current or former directors, officers, employees or consultants of the Borrower or the Subsidiaries shall be a Swap Agreement. Swap Agreement Obligations means any and all obligations of the Loan Parties, whether absolute or contingent and howsoever and whensoever created, arising, evidenced or acquired (including all renewals, extensions and modifications thereof and substitutions therefor), under (a) any Swap Agreement not prohibited by Section 6.07 with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender, and (b) any cancellations, buy backs, reversals, terminations or assignments of any Swap Agreement transaction not prohibited by Section 6.07 with a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender. Swap Obligation means, with respect to any Guarantor, any obligation to pay or perform under any agreement, contract or transaction that constitutes a swap within the meaning of section 1a(47) of the Commodity Exchange Act or any rules or regulations promulgated thereunder. Swingline Commitment means the amount set forth opposite Chase s name on the Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule as Swingline Commitment. Swingline Exposure means, at any time, the aggregate principal amount of all Swingline Loans outstanding at such time. The Swingline Exposure of any Revolving Lender at any time shall be the sum of (a) its Applicable Percentage of the total Swingline Exposure at such time other than with respect to any Swingline Loans made by such Revolving Lender in its capacity as the Swingline Lender and (b) the principal amount of all Swingline Loans made by such Revolving Lender in its capacity as the Swingline Lender outstanding at such time (less the amount of participations funded by the other Lenders in such Swingline Loans). Swingline Lender means Chase, in its capacity as lender of Swingline Loans hereunder. Any consent required of the Administrative Agent or the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to be required of the Swingline Lender and any consent given by Chase in its capacity as Administrative Agent or Issuing Bank shall be deemed given by Chase in its capacity as Swingline Lender as well. Swingline Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.05. Taxes means any and all present or future taxes, levies, imposts, duties, deductions, withholdings (including backup withholding), value added taxes, or any other goods and services, use or sales taxes, assessments, fees or other charges imposed by any Governmental Authority, including any interest, additions to tax or penalties applicable thereto. Term Benchmark when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether such Loan, or the Loans comprising such Borrowing, are bearing interest at a rate determined by reference to the Adjusted Term SOFR Rate. Term Commitment means, with respect to each Lender, the commitment, if any, of such Lender to make Term Loans, expressed as an amount representing the maximum principal amount of the Term Loans to be made by such Lender on the Restatement Date, including such Lender s portion of the Existing Term Loans, which are deemed to be made by such Lender on the Restatement Date, as such commitment may be reduced or increased from time to time pursuant to (a) Section 2.09 and (b) 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 37 - assignments by or to such Lenders pursuant to Section 9.04. The initial amount of each Lender s Term Commitment is set forth on the Commitment Schedule or in the Assignment and Assumption pursuant to which such Lender shall have assumed its Term Commitment, as applicable. The aggregate amount of the Lenders Term Commitment on the Restatement Date is 250,000,000, which includes 10,000,000 of new Term Commitments and 240,000,000 of Existing Term Loans. Term Lender means a Lender having a Term Commitment or an outstanding Term Loan. Total Leverage Ratio means, on any date, the ratio of (a) Total Indebtedness on such date to (b) EBITDA for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date. Term Loan means a Loan made pursuant to Section 2.01(b) and any New Term Loan. The amount of each Lender s outstanding Term Loans as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date is set forth on the Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule. Term Maturity Date means December 21, 2025; provided, however, that if the Merger has not been consummated on or prior to the Outside Merger Date, the Term Maturity Date shall mean December 21, 2024. Term SOFR means, for the applicable Corresponding Tenor as of the applicable Reference Time, the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR that has been selected or recommended by the Relevant Governmental Body. Term SOFR Notice means a notification by the Administrative Agent to the Lenders and the Borrower of the occurrence of a Term SOFR Transition Event. Determination Day has the meaning assigned to it under the definition of Term SOFR Reference Rate. Term SOFR Transition Event means the determination by the Administrative Agent that (a) Term SOFR has been recommended for use by the Relevant Governmental Body, (b) the administration of Term SOFR is administratively feasible for the Administrative Agent and (c) a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, has previously occurred resulting in a Benchmark Replacement in accordance with Section 2.14 that is not Term SOFR.Rate means, with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the Term SOFR Reference Rate at approximately 5:00 a.m., Chicago time, two U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to the commencement of such tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, as such rate is published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator. Term SOFR Reference Rate means, for any day and time (such day, the Term SOFR Determination Day ), with respect to any Term Benchmark Borrowing and for any tenor comparable to the applicable Interest Period, the rate per annum published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and identified by the Administrative Agent as the forward-looking term rate based on SOFR. If by 5:00 pm (New York City time) on such Term SOFR Determination Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for the applicable tenor has not been published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator and a Benchmark Replacement Date with respect to the Term SOFR Rate has not occurred, then, so long as such day is otherwise a U.S. Government Securities Business Day, the Term SOFR Reference Rate for such Term SOFR Determination Day will be the Term SOFR Reference Rate as published in respect of the first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day for which such Term SOFR Reference Rate was published by the CME Term SOFR Administrator, so long as such first preceding U.S. Government Securities Business Day is not more than five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days prior to such Term SOFR Determination Day. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 38 - Total Indebtedness means, at any date, the aggregate principal amount of all Indebtedness (other than Indebtedness described in clauses (g) (to the extent such guaranty relates to Indebtedness not otherwise excluded from Total Indebtedness) (i), (j), (k) and (m) of the definition thereof) determined for Holdings and its Subsidiaries (other than intercompany Indebtedness among Holdings and its Subsidiaries) on a consolidated basis at such date. Transactions means the execution, delivery and performance by the Borrower of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, the borrowing of Loans and other credit extensions, the use of the proceeds thereof and the issuance of Letters of Credit hereunder. Type , when used in reference to any Loan or Borrowing, refers to whether the rate of interest on such Loan, or on the Loans comprising such Borrowing, is determined by reference to the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or the Alternate Base Rate. UCC means the Uniform Commercial Code as in effect from time to time in the State of New York or in any other state, the laws of which are required to be applied in connection with the issue of perfection of security interests. UK Financial Institutions means any BRRD Undertaking (as such term is defined under the PRA Rulebook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Prudential Regulation Authority) or any person falling within IFPRU 11.6 of the FCA Handbook (as amended from time to time) promulgated by the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority, which includes certain credit institutions and investment firms, and certain affiliates of such credit institutions or investment firms. UK Resolution Authority means the Bank of England or any other public administrative authority having responsibility for the resolution of any UK Financial Institution. Unadjusted Benchmark Replacement means the applicable Benchmark Replacement excluding the related Benchmark Replacement Adjustment. Unfinanced Capital Expenditures means, for any period, Capital Expenditures made during such period which are not financed from the proceeds of any Indebtedness (other than the Revolving Loans; it being understood and agreed that, to the extent any Capital Expenditures are financed with Revolving Loans, such Capital Expenditures shall be deemed Unfinanced Capital Expenditures). Unliquidated Obligations means, at any time, any Secured Obligations (or portion thereof) that are contingent in nature or unliquidated at such time, including any Secured Obligation that is: (i) an obligation to reimburse a bank for drawings not yet made under a letter of credit issued by it; (ii) any other obligation (including any guarantee) that is contingent in nature at such time; or (iii) an obligation to provide collateral to secure any of the foregoing types of obligations. U.S. means the United States of America. U.S. Government Securities Business Day means any day except for (i) a Saturday, (ii) a Sunday or (iii) a day on which the Securities Industry and Financial Markets Association recommends that the fixed income departments of its members be closed for the entire day for purposes of trading in United States government securities. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 39 - U.S. Person means a United States person within the meaning of Section 7701(a)(30) of the Code. U.S. Special Resolution Regime has the meaning assigned to it in Section 9.22. U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate has the meaning assigned to such term in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(B)(3). USA PATRIOT Act means the Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001. Withdrawal Liability means liability to a Multiemployer Plan as a result of a complete or partial withdrawal from such Multiemployer Plan, as such terms are defined in Part I of Subtitle E of Title IV of ERISA. Working Capital means, at any date, the excess of current assets of Holdings and its Subsidiaries other than cash or Permitted Investments on such date over current liabilities of Holdings and its Subsidiaries on such date other than Revolving Loans, Swingline Loans, Letters of Credit and the current portion of any long-term Indebtedness, all determined on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP. Write-Down and Conversion Powers means, (a) with respect to any EEA Resolution Authority, the write-down and conversion powers of such EEA Resolution Authority from time to time under the Bail-In Legislation for the applicable EEA Member Country, which write-down and conversion powers are described in the EU Bail-In Legislation Schedule, and (b) with respect to the United Kingdom, any powers of the applicable Resolution Authority under the Bail-In Legislation to cancel, reduce, modify or change the form of a liability of any UK Financial Institution or any contract or instrument under which that liability arises, to convert all or part of that liability into shares, securities or obligations of that person or any other person, to provide that any such contract or instrument is to have effect as if a right had been exercised under it or to suspend any obligation in respect of that liability or any of the powers under that Bail-In Legislation that are related to or ancillary to any of those powers. SECTION 1.02. Classification of Loans and Borrowings. For purposes of this Agreement, Loans may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Loan or by Type (e.g., a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loan or an RFR Loan or by Class and Type (e.g., a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Revolving Loan or an RFR Revolving Loan ). Borrowings also may be classified and referred to by Class (e.g., a Revolving Borrowing or by Type (e.g., a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing or by Class and Type (e.g., a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Revolving Borrowing or an RFR Revolving Borrowing ). SECTION 1.03. Terms Generally. The definitions of terms herein shall apply equally to the singular and plural forms of the terms defined. Whenever the context may require, any pronoun shall include the corresponding masculine, feminine and neuter forms. The words include , includes and including shall be deemed to be followed by the phrase without limitation . The word law shall be construed as referring to all statutes, rules, regulations, codes and other laws (including official rulings and interpretations thereunder having the force of law or with which affected Persons customarily comply) and all judgments, orders and decrees of all Governmental Authorities. The word will shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect as the word shall . Unless the context requires otherwise (a) any definition of or reference to any agreement, instrument or other document herein shall be construed as referring to such agreement, instrument or other document as from time to time amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified (subject to any restrictions on such amendments, 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 40 - restatements, supplements or modifications set forth herein), (b) any definition of or reference to any statute, rule or regulation shall be construed as referring thereto as from time to time amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including by succession of comparable successor laws), (c) any reference herein to any Person shall be construed to include such Person s successors and assigns (subject to any restrictions on assignments set forth herein) and, in the case of any Governmental Authority, any other Governmental Authority that shall have succeeded to any or all functions thereof, (d) the words herein , hereof and hereunder , and words of similar import, shall be construed to refer to this Agreement in its entirety and not to any particular provision hereof, (e) all references herein to Articles, Sections, Exhibits and Schedules shall be construed to refer to Articles and Sections of, and Exhibits and Schedules to, this Agreement, (f) any reference in any definition to the phrase at any time or for any period shall refer to the same time or period for all calculations or determinations within such definition, and (g) the words asset and property shall be construed to have the same meaning and effect and to refer to any and all tangible and intangible assets and properties, including cash, securities, accounts and contract rights. SECTION 1.04. Accounting Terms; GAAP. Except as otherwise expressly provided herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature shall be construed in accordance with GAAP, as in effect from time to time; provided that, if after the date hereof there occurs any change in GAAP or in the application thereof on the operation of any provision hereof and the Borrower notifies the Administrative Agent that the Borrower requests an amendment to any provision hereof to eliminate the effect of such change in GAAP or in the application thereof (or if the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower that the Required Lenders request an amendment to any provision hereof for such purpose), regardless of whether any such notice is given before or after such change in GAAP or in the application thereof, then such provision shall be interpreted on the basis of GAAP as in effect and applied immediately before such change shall have become effective until such notice shall have been withdrawn or such provision amended in accordance herewith. Notwithstanding any other provision contained herein, all terms of an accounting or financial nature used herein shall be construed, and all computations of amounts and ratios referred to herein shall be made (i) without giving effect to any election under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 825-10-25 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any Indebtedness or other liabilities of the Borrower or any Subsidiary at fair value , as defined therein and (ii) without giving effect to any treatment of Indebtedness in respect of convertible debt instruments under Financial Accounting Standards Board Accounting Standards Codification 470-20 (or any other Accounting Standards Codification or Financial Accounting Standard having a similar result or effect) to value any such Indebtedness in a reduced or bifurcated manner as described therein, and such Indebtedness shall at all times be valued at the full stated principal amount thereof. Additionally, for purposes of determining compliance with any provision of this Agreement, the determination of whether a lease is to be treated as an operating lease or capital lease shall be made without giving effect to any change in accounting for leases pursuant to GAAP resulting from the implementation of Financial Accounting Standards Board ASU No. 2016-02, Leases (Topic 842), to the extent such adoption would require treating any lease (or similar arrangement conveying the right to use) as a capital lease where such lease (or similar arrangement) would not have been required to be so treated under GAAP as in effect on December 31, 2015. SECTION 1.05. Pro Forma Adjustments for Acquisitions and Dispositions. To the extent the Borrower or any Subsidiary makes any acquisition permitted pursuant to Section 6.04 or disposition of assets outside the ordinary course of business permitted by Section 6.05 during the period of four fiscal quarters of the Borrower most recently ended, the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio shall be calculated after giving pro forma effect thereto (including pro forma adjustments arising out of events which are directly attributable to the acquisition or the disposition of assets, are factually supportable and are expected to have a continuing impact, in each case as determined on a basis consistent with Article 11 of Regulation 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 41 - S-X of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, as interpreted by the SEC, and as certified by a Financial Officer), as if such acquisition or such disposition (and any related incurrence, repayment or assumption of Indebtedness) had occurred in the first day of such four-quarter period. SECTION 1.06. Rounding. Any financial ratios required to be maintained by any Loan Party pursuant to this Agreement shall be calculated by dividing the appropriate component by the other component, carrying the result to one place more than the number of places by which such ratio is expressed herein and rounding the result up or down to the nearest number (with a rounding-up if there is no nearest number). SECTION 1.07. Divisions. For all purposes under the Loan Documents, in connection with any division or plan of division under Delaware law (or any comparable event under a different jurisdiction s laws): (a) if any asset, right, obligation or liability of any Person becomes the asset, right, obligation or liability of a different Person, then it shall be deemed to have been transferred from the original Person to the subsequent Person, and (b) if any new Person comes into existence, such new Person shall be deemed to have been organized on the first date of its existence by the holders of its Equity Interests at such time. SECTION 1.08. Interest Rates; LIBOR NotificationBenchmark Notifications. The interest rate on Eurodollar Loans is determined by reference to the LIBO Rate, which is derived from the London interbank offered rate LIBOR ). LIBOR is intended to represent the rate at which contributing banks may obtain short-term borrowings from each other in the London interbank market. On March 5, 2021, the U.K. Financial Conduct Authority FCA publicly announced that: (a) immediately after December 31, 2021, publication of all seven euro LIBOR settings, all seven Swiss Franc LIBOR settings, the spot next, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month Japanese Yen LIBOR settings, the overnight, 1-week, 2-month and 12-month British Pound Sterling LIBOR settings, and the 1-week and 2-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease; immediately after June 30, 2023, publication of the overnight and 12-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will permanently cease; immediately after December 31, 2021, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month Japanese Yen LIBOR settings and the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month British Pound Sterling LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or, subject to consultation by the FCA, be provided on a changed methodology (or synthetic basis and no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored; and immediately after June 30, 2023, the 1-month, 3-month and 6-month U.S. Dollar LIBOR settings will cease to be provided or, subject to the FCA s consideration of the case, be provided on a synthetic basis and no longer be representative of the underlying market and economic reality they are intended to measure and that representativeness will not be restored. There is no assurance that dates announced by the FCA will not change or that the administrator of LIBOR and/or regulators will not take further action that could impact the availability, composition, or characteristics of LIBOR or the currencies and/or tenors for which LIBOR is published. Each party to this agreement should consult its own advisors to stay informed of any such developments. Public and private sector industry initiatives are currently underway to identify new or alternative reference rates to be used in place of LIBORa Loan denominated in dollars may be derived from an interest rate benchmark that may be discontinued or is, or may in the future become, the subject of regulatory reform. Upon the occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, Section 2.14(b) and (c) provide theprovides a mechanism for determining an alternative rate of interest. The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower, pursuant to Section 2.14(e), of any change to the reference rate upon which the interest rate on Eurodollar Loans is based. However, the Administrative Agent does not warrant or accept any responsibility for, and shall not have any liability with respect to, the administration, submission, performance or any other matter related to LIBOR or other rates in the definition of LIBO Rate any interest rate used in this Agreement, or with respect to any alternative or successor rate thereto, or replacement rate thereof (including, without limitation, (i) any such alternative, successor or replacement rate implemented pursuant to Section 2.14(b) or (c), whether upon the 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 42 - occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, and (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes pursuant to Section 2.14(d)),, including without limitation, whether the composition or characteristics of any such alternative, successor or replacement reference rate will be similar to, or produce the same value or economic equivalence of, the LIBO Rateexisting interest rate being replaced or have the same volume or liquidity as did the London interbank offeredany existing interest rate prior to its discontinuance or unavailability. The Administrative Agent and its affiliates and/or other related entities may engage in transactions that affect the calculation of any interest rate used in this Agreement or any alternative, successor or alternative rate (including any Benchmark Replacement) and/or any relevant adjustments thereto, in each case, in a manner adverse to the Borrower. The Administrative Agent may select information sources or services in its reasonable discretion to ascertain any interest rate used in this Agreement, any component thereof, or rates referenced in the definition thereof, in each case pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, and shall have no liability to the Borrower, any Lender or any other person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, punitive, incidental or consequential damages, costs, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise and whether at law or in equity), for any error or calculation of any such rate (or component thereof) provided by any such information source or service. ARTICLE II The Credits SECTION 2.01. Commitments. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Lender severally (and not jointly) agrees to make Revolving Loans in dollars to the Borrower from time to time during the Availability Period in an aggregate principal amount that will not result (after giving effect to any application of proceeds of such Borrowing pursuant to Section 2.10(a)) in (i) such Lender s Revolving Exposure exceeding such Lender s Revolving Commitment or (ii) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Revolving Loans. (b) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, each Term Lender severally (and not jointly) agrees to make, or in the case of the Existing Term Loans, be deemed to make a Term Loan in dollars to the Borrower, on the Restatement Date, in a principal amount not to exceed the sum of such Lender s (i) Term Commitment and (ii) pro rata portion of the Existing Term Loans. Amounts prepaid or repaid in respect of Term Loans may not be reborrowed. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree that the Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Restatement Date pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to have been prepaid in their entirety on the Restatement Date, and to the extent that such prepayment results in break funding costs under Section 2.16, the Lenders hereby agree to waive any reimbursement obligations of the Borrowers arising under Section 2.16 in connection herewith. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders further agree that the Revolving Commitments of each of the Existingand outstanding Term Loans of certain of the Lenders shall be reallocated among the Lenders such that, substantially concurrently with the effectiveness of this Agreement in accordance with its terms, thesuch Lenders on the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date such that, as of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date, the Revolving Commitments ofand outstanding Term Loans of each Lender shall be as set forth on the Commitment Schedule and to the extent any Existing Lender does not consent to this amendment and restatement, such Existing Lenderand Outstanding Term Loan Schedule. For the avoidance of doubt, (i) the Exiting Lender shall no longer be a party to this Agreement (as so amended and restated), the Commitments of such Existingby the Amendment No. 1), (ii) the Revolving Commitments and Term Loans of the Exiting Lender immediately prior to the effectiveness of the 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 43 - Amendment No. 1 shall be reallocated among certain Lenders pursuant to the preceding sentence, (iii) the Exiting Lender shall have terminated (but such Existing Lender shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Section 2.14, Section 2.15, Section 2.17 and Section 9.03), such Existing Lender shall have no other commitment or other obligation hereunder and such Existing(iv) the Exiting Lender shall have been paid in full all principal, interest and other amounts owing to it or accrued for its account under thisthe Existing Credit Agreement (as defined in the Amendment No. 1). To the extent the reallocation permitted pursuant to this paragraph results in the prepayment of any Eurodollar Loan (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement (as defined in the Amendment No. 1) in whole or in part, the Lenders hereby agree to waive any reimbursement obligations of the Borrowers arising under Section 2.16 in connection therewith. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders agree that the Term Loans outstanding immediately prior to the Restatement Date pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement shall be deemed to have been prepaid in their entirety on the Restatement Date, and to the extent that such prepayment results in break funding costs under Section 2.16, the Lenders hereby agree to waive any reimbursement obligations of the Borrowers arising under Section 2.16 in connection herewith. SECTION 2.02. Loans and Borrowings. (a) Each Loan (other than a Swingline Loan) shall be made as part of a Borrowing consisting of Loans of the same Class and Type made by the Lenders ratably in accordance with their respective Commitments of the applicable Class. The failure of any Lender to make any Loan required to be made by it shall not relieve any other Lender of its obligations hereunder; provided that the Commitments of the Lenders are several and no Lender shall be responsible for any other Lender s failure to make Loans as required. Any Swingline Loan shall be made in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.05. (b) Subject to Section 2.14, each Revolving Borrowing and Term Loan Borrowing shall be comprised entirely of ABR Loans or EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loans as the Borrower may request in accordance herewith, provided that all Revolving Borrowings and Term Loan Borrowings made on the Restatement Date must be made as ABR Borrowings but may be converted into EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowings in accordance with Section 2.08. Each Swingline Loan shall be an ABR Loan. Each Lender at its option may make any EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loan by causing any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of such Lender to make such Loan (and in the case of an Affiliate, the provisions of Sections 2.14, 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 shall apply to such Affiliate to the same extent as to such Lender); provided that any exercise of such option shall not affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay such Loan in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. (c) At the commencement of each Interest Period for any Term Benchmark Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 500,000. At the time that each EurodollarRFR Borrowing is made, such Borrowing shall be in an aggregate amount that is an integral multiple of 100,000 and not less than 500,000. ABR Borrowings may be in any amount. Each Swingline Loan shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 50,000 and not less than 250,000. Borrowings of more than one Type and Class may be outstanding at the same time; provided that there shall not at any time be more than a total of six EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowings or RFR Borrowings outstanding. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Agreement, the Borrower shall not be entitled to request, or to elect to convert or continue, any Borrowing if the Interest Period requested 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 44 - with respect thereto would end after the Revolving Credit Maturity Date or the Term Maturity Date, as applicable. SECTION 2.03. Requests for Borrowings. To request a Borrowing, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request either in writing (delivered by hand, fax or through Electronic System) in the form attached hereto as Exhibit B-1 and signed by the Borrower or by telephone, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, (a)(i) in the case of a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m10:00 a.m., New York time, three U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (ii) in the case of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., Chicago time, five U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of the proposed Borrowing or (b) in the case of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m.noon, New York time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing; provided that any such notice of an ABR Revolving Borrowing to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as contemplated by Section 2.06(e) may be given not later than 10:00 a.m9:00 a.m., New York time, on the date of the proposed Borrowing. Each such telephonic Borrowing Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery, fax or a communication through Electronic System to the Administrative Agent of a written Borrowing Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower. Each such telephonic and written Borrowing Request shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.01: (i) the Class of Borrowing, the aggregate amount of the requested Borrowing, and a breakdown of the separate wires comprising such Borrowing; (ii) the date of such Borrowing, which shall be a Business Day; (iii) whether such Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or, a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing; and (iv) in the case of a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing, the initial Interest Period to be applicable thereto, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period. If no election as to the Type of Borrowing is specified, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing. If no Interest Period is specified with respect to any requested EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. Promptly following receipt of a Borrowing Request in accordance with this Section, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the details thereof and of the amount of such Lender s Loan to be made as part of the requested Borrowing. SECTION 2.04. [Reserved] SECTION 2.05. Swingline Loans. (a) Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, from time to time during the Availability Period, the Swingline Lender may agree, but shall have no obligation, to make Swingline Loans to the Borrower, in an aggregate principal amount at any time outstanding that will not result in (i) the aggregate principal amount of outstanding Swingline Loans exceeding the Swingline Lender s Swingline Commitment, (ii) the Swingline Lender s Revolving Exposure exceeding its Revolving Commitment, or (iii) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeding the aggregate Revolving Commitments; provided that the Swingline Lender shall not be required to make a Swingline Loan to refinance an outstanding Swingline Loan. Within the foregoing limits and subject to the terms and 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 45 - conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may borrow, prepay and reborrow Swingline Loans. To request a Swingline Loan, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such request by telephone (confirmed by fax or through Electronic System), if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent or through Electronic System, not later than 2:00 p.m., New York time, on the day of a proposed Swingline Loan. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the requested date (which shall be a Business Day) and amount of the requested Swingline Loan. The Administrative Agent will promptly advise the Swingline Lender of any such notice received from the Borrower. The Swingline Lender shall make each Swingline Loan available to the Borrower, to the extent the Swingline Lender elects to make such Swingline Loan by means of a credit to the Funding Account(s) (or, in the case of a Swingline Loan made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e), by remittance to the Issuing Bank, and in the case of repayment of another Loan or fees or expenses as provided by Section 2.18(c), by remittance to the Administrative Agent to be distributed to the Lenders) by 3:00 p.m., New York time, on the requested date of such Swingline Loan. (b) The Swingline Lender may by written notice given to the Administrative Agent require the Revolving Lenders to acquire participations on such Business Day in all or a portion of the Swingline Loans outstanding. Such notice shall specify the aggregate amount of Swingline Loans in which the Revolving Lenders will participate. Promptly upon receipt of such notice, the Administrative Agent will give notice thereof to each Revolving Lender, specifying in such notice such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees, promptly upon receipt of such notice from the Administrative Agent (and in any event, if such notice is received by 11:00 a.m., New York time, on a Business Day no later than 4:00 p.m., New York time on such Business Day and if received after 11:00 a.m., New York time, on a Business Day shall mean no later than 10:00 a.m. New York time on the immediately succeeding Business Day), to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Swingline Lender, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of such Swingline Loan or Loans. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations in Swingline Loans pursuant to this paragraph is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Revolving Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. Each Revolving Lender shall comply with its obligation under this paragraph by wire transfer of immediately available funds, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Swingline Lender the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower of any participations in any Swingline Loan acquired pursuant to this paragraph, and thereafter payments in respect of such Swingline Loan shall be made to the Administrative Agent and not to the Swingline Lender. Any amounts received by the Swingline Lender from the Borrower (or other party on behalf of the Borrower) in respect of a Swingline Loan after receipt by the Swingline Lender of the proceeds of a sale of participations therein shall be promptly remitted to the Administrative Agent; any such amounts received by the Administrative Agent shall be promptly remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Revolving Lenders that shall have made their payments pursuant to this paragraph and to the Swingline Lender, as their interests may appear; provided that any such payment so remitted shall be repaid to the Swingline Lender or to the Administrative Agent, as applicable, if and to the extent such payment is required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. The purchase of participations in a Swingline Loan pursuant to this paragraph shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof. SECTION 2.06. Letters of Credit. (a) General. Subject to the terms and conditions set forth herein, the Borrower may request the issuance of Letters of Credit denominated in dollars as the applicant thereof for the support of 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 46 - its or its Subsidiaries obligations, in a form reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, at any time and from time to time during the Availability Period and the Issuing Bank may, but shall have no obligation, to issue such requested Letters of Credit pursuant to this Agreement. In the event of any inconsistency between the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the terms and conditions of any form of letter of credit application or other agreement submitted by the Borrower to, or entered into by the Borrower with, the Issuing Bank relating to any Letter of Credit, the terms and conditions of this Agreement shall control. The Borrower unconditionally and irrevocably agrees that, in connection with any Letter of Credit issued for the support of any Subsidiary s obligations as provided in the first sentence of this paragraph, the Borrower will be fully responsible for the reimbursement of LC Disbursements in accordance with the terms hereof, the payment of interest thereon and the payment of fees due under Section 2.12(b) to the same extent as if it were the sole account party in respect of such Letter of Credit (the Borrower hereby irrevocably waiving any defenses that might otherwise be available to it as a guarantor or surety of the obligations of such Subsidiary that is an account party in respect of any such Letter of Credit). Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, the Issuing Bank shall have no obligation hereunder to issue, and shall not issue, any Letter of Credit (i) the proceeds of which would be made available to any Person (A) to fund any activity or business of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any country or territory that, at the time of such funding, is the subject of any Sanctions or (B) in any manner that would result in a violation of any Sanctions by any party to this Agreement, (ii) if any order, judgment or decree of any Governmental Authority or arbitrator shall by its terms purport to enjoin or restrain the Issuing Bank from issuing such Letter of Credit, or any Requirement of Law relating to the Issuing Bank or any request or directive (whether or not having the force of law) from any Governmental Authority with jurisdiction over the Issuing Bank shall prohibit, or request that the Issuing Bank refrain from, the issuance of letters of credit generally or such Letter of Credit in particular or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank with respect to such Letter of Credit any restriction, reserve or capital requirement (for which the Issuing Bank is not otherwise compensated hereunder) not in effect on the Restatement Date, or shall impose upon the Issuing Bank any unreimbursed loss, cost or expense which was not applicable on the Restatement Date and which the Issuing Bank in good faith deems material to it, or (iii) if the issuance of such Letter of Credit would violate one or more policies of the Issuing Bank applicable to letters of credit generally; provided that, notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, (x) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act and all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives thereunder or issued in connection therewith or in the implementation thereof, and (y) all requests, rules, guidelines, requirements or directives promulgated by the Bank for International Settlements, the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision (or any successor or similar authority) or the United States or foreign regulatory authorities, in each case pursuant to Basel III, shall in each case be deemed not to be in effect on the Restatement Date for purposes of clause (ii) above, regardless of the date enacted, adopted, issued or implemented. (b) Notice of Issuance, Amendment, Renewal, Extension; Certain Conditions. To request the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or the amendment, renewal or extension of an outstanding Letter of Credit), the Borrower shall hand deliver or fax (or transmit through Electronic System) to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent (reasonably in advance of the requested date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, but in any event no less than three Business Days) a notice requesting the issuance of a Letter of Credit, or identifying the Letter of Credit to be amended, renewed or extended, and specifying the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (which shall be a Business Day), the date on which such Letter of Credit is to expire (which shall comply with paragraph (c) of this Section), the amount of such Letter of Credit, the name and address of the beneficiary thereof, and such other information as shall be necessary to prepare, amend, renew or extend such Letter of Credit. If requested by the Issuing Bank, the Borrower also shall submit a letter of credit application on the Issuing Bank s standard form in connection with any request for a Letter of Credit. A Letter of Credit shall be issued, amended, renewed or extended only if (and upon issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of each Letter of Credit the Borrower shall be deemed to represent and warrant that), after giving effect to 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 47 - such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (i) the aggregate LC Exposure shall not exceed 1,000,000, (ii) no Revolving Lender s Revolving Exposure shall exceed its Revolving Commitment and (iii) the Aggregate Revolving Exposure shall not exceed the aggregate amount of the Lenders Revolving Commitments. Notwithstanding the foregoing or anything to the contrary contained herein, no Issuing Bank shall be obligated to issue or modify any Letter of Credit if, immediately after giving effect thereto, the outstanding LC Exposure in respect of all Letters of Credit issued by such Person and its Affiliates would exceed such Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank Sublimit. Without limiting the foregoing and without affecting the limitations contained herein, it is understood and agreed that the Borrower may from time to time request that an Issuing Bank issue Letters of Credit in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit in effect at the time of such request, and each Issuing Bank agrees to consider any such request in good faith. Any Letter of Credit so issued by an Issuing Bank in excess of its individual Issuing Bank Sublimit then in effect shall nonetheless constitute a Letter of Credit for all purposes of the Credit Agreement, and shall not affect the Issuing Bank Sublimit of any other Issuing Bank, subject to the limitations on the aggregate LC Exposure set forth in clause (i) of this Section 2.06(b). (c) Expiration Date. Each Letter of Credit shall expire (or be subject to termination or non-renewal by notice from the Issuing Bank to the beneficiary thereof) at or prior to the close of business on the earlier of (i) the date one year after the date of the issuance of such Letter of Credit (or, in the case of any renewal or extension thereof, including, without limitation, any automatic renewal provision, one year after such renewal or extension) and (ii) the date that is five Business Days prior to the Revolving Credit Maturity Date (unless such Letter of Credit is Cash Collateralized or backstopped in a manner reasonably acceptable to the Issuing Bank and the Administrative Agent). (d) Participations. By the issuance of a Letter of Credit (or an amendment to a Letter of Credit increasing the amount thereof) and without any further action on the part of the Issuing Bank or the Revolving Lenders, the Issuing Bank hereby grants to each Revolving Lender, and each Revolving Lender hereby acquires from the Issuing Bank, a participation in such Letter of Credit equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage of the aggregate amount available to be drawn under such Letter of Credit. In consideration and in furtherance of the foregoing, each Revolving Lender hereby absolutely and unconditionally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for the account of the Issuing Bank, such Lender s Applicable Percentage of each LC Disbursement made by the Issuing Bank and not reimbursed by the Borrower on the date due as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section, or of any reimbursement payment required to be refunded to the Borrower for any reason. Each Revolving Lender acknowledges and agrees that its obligation to acquire participations pursuant to this paragraph in respect of Letters of Credit is absolute and unconditional and shall not be affected by any circumstance whatsoever, including any amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or the occurrence and continuance of a Default or reduction or termination of the Commitments, and that each such payment shall be made without any offset, abatement, withholding or reduction whatsoever. (e) Reimbursement. If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement in respect of a Letter of Credit, the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement by paying to the Administrative Agent an amount equal to such LC Disbursement not later than noon, New York time, on (i) the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice of such LC Disbursement, if such notice is received prior to 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the day of receipt, or (ii) the Business Day immediately following the day that the Borrower receives such notice, if such notice is received after 10:00 a.m., New York time, on the day of receipt; provided that, the Borrower may, subject to the conditions to borrowing set forth herein, request in accordance with Section 2.03 or 2.05 that such payment be financed with an ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan in an equivalent amount and, to the extent so financed, the Borrower s obligation to make such payment shall be discharged and replaced by the resulting ABR Revolving Borrowing or Swingline Loan. If the Borrower fails to make or otherwise discharge such payment when due, the Administrative Agent shall notify each Revolving Lender of the applicable LC 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 48 - Disbursement, the payment then due from the Borrower in respect thereof, and such Lender s Applicable Percentage thereof. Promptly following receipt of such notice, each Revolving Lender shall pay to the Administrative Agent its Applicable Percentage of the payment then due from the Borrower, in the same manner as provided in Section 2.07 with respect to Loans made by such Lender (and Section 2.07 shall apply, mutatis mutandis, to the payment obligations of the Revolving Lenders), and the Administrative Agent shall promptly pay to the Issuing Bank the amounts so received by it from the Revolving Lenders. Promptly following receipt by the Administrative Agent of any payment from the Borrower pursuant to this paragraph, the Administrative Agent shall distribute such payment to the Issuing Bank or, to the extent that Revolving Lenders have made payments pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank, then to such Lenders and the Issuing Bank, as their interests may appear. Any payment made by a Revolving Lender pursuant to this paragraph to reimburse the Issuing Bank for any LC Disbursement (other than the funding of ABR Revolving Loans or a Swingline Loan as contemplated above) shall not constitute a Loan and shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse such LC Disbursement. (f) Obligations Absolute. The Borrower s obligation to reimburse LC Disbursements as provided in paragraph (e) of this Section shall be absolute, unconditional and irrevocable, and shall be performed strictly in accordance with the terms of this Agreement under any and all circumstances whatsoever and irrespective of (i) any lack of validity or enforceability of any Letter of Credit or this Agreement, or any term or provision therein or herein, (ii) any draft or other document presented under a Letter of Credit proving to be forged, fraudulent or invalid in any respect or any statement therein being untrue or inaccurate in any respect, (iii) any payment by the Issuing Bank under a Letter of Credit against presentation of a draft or other document that does not comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit, or (iv) any other event or circumstance whatsoever, whether or not similar to any of the foregoing, that might, but for the provisions of this Section, constitute a legal or equitable discharge of, or provide a right of setoff against, the Borrower s obligations hereunder. None of the Administrative Agent, the Revolving Lenders or the Issuing Bank, or any of their Related Parties, shall have any liability or responsibility by reason of or in connection with the issuance or transfer of any Letter of Credit, or any payment or failure to make any payment thereunder (irrespective of any of the circumstances referred to in the preceding sentence), or any error, omission, interruption, loss or delay in transmission or delivery of any draft, notice or other communication under or relating to any Letter of Credit (including any document required to make a drawing thereunder), any error in interpretation of technical terms or any consequence arising from causes beyond the control of the Issuing Bank; provided that the foregoing shall not be construed to excuse the Issuing Bank from liability to the Borrower to the extent of any direct damages (as opposed to special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages, claims in respect of which are hereby waived by the Borrower to the extent permitted by applicable law) suffered by the Borrower that are caused by the Issuing Bank s failure to exercise care when determining whether drafts and other documents presented under a Letter of Credit comply with the terms thereof. The parties hereto expressly agree that, in the absence of gross negligence or willful misconduct on the part of the Issuing Bank (as finally determined by a court of competent jurisdiction), the Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have exercised care in each such determination. In furtherance of the foregoing and without limiting the generality thereof, the parties agree that, with respect to documents presented which appear on their face to be in substantial compliance with the terms of a Letter of Credit, the Issuing Bank may, in its sole discretion, either accept and make payment upon such documents without responsibility for further investigation, regardless of any notice or information to the contrary, or refuse to accept and make payment upon such documents if such documents are not in strict compliance with the terms of such Letter of Credit. (g) Disbursement Procedures. The Issuing Bank shall, promptly following its receipt thereof, examine all documents purporting to represent a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit. The Issuing Bank shall promptly notify the Administrative Agent and the Borrower by telephone (confirmed by fax or through Electronic System) or through Electronic System of such demand for payment and whether the Issuing Bank has made or will make an LC Disbursement thereunder; provided 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 49 - that any failure to give or delay in giving such notice shall not relieve the Borrower of its obligation to reimburse the Issuing Bank and the Revolving Lenders with respect to any such LC Disbursement. (h) Interim Interest. If the Issuing Bank shall make any LC Disbursement, then, unless the Borrower shall reimburse such LC Disbursement in full on the date such LC Disbursement is made, the unpaid amount thereof shall bear interest, for each day from and including the date such LC Disbursement is made to but excluding the date that the Borrower reimburses such LC Disbursement, at the rate per annum then applicable to ABR Revolving Loans and such interest shall be due and payable on the date when such reimbursement is due; provided that, if the Borrower fails to reimburse such LC Disbursement when due pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section, then Section 2.13(c) shall apply. Interest accrued pursuant to this paragraph shall be for the account of the Issuing Bank, except that interest accrued on and after the date of payment by any Revolving Lender pursuant to paragraph (e) of this Section to reimburse the Issuing Bank shall be for the account of such Lender to the extent of such payment. (i) Replacement of the Issuing Bank. (i) The Issuing Bank may be replaced at any time by written agreement among the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the replaced Issuing Bank and the successor Issuing Bank. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Revolving Lenders of any such replacement of the Issuing Bank. At the time any such replacement shall become effective, the Borrower shall pay all unpaid fees accrued for the account of the replaced Issuing Bank pursuant to Section 2.12(b). From and after the effective date of any such replacement, (i) the successor Issuing Bank shall have all the rights and obligations of the Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit to be issued thereafter and (ii) references herein to the term Issuing Bank shall be deemed to refer to such successor or to any previous Issuing Bank, or to such successor and all previous Issuing Banks, as the context shall require. After the replacement of an Issuing Bank hereunder, the replaced Issuing Bank shall remain a party hereto and shall continue to have all the rights and obligations of an Issuing Bank under this Agreement with respect to Letters of Credit then outstanding and issued by it prior to such replacement, but shall not be required to issue additional Letters of Credit. (ii) Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Issuing Bank, the Issuing Bank may resign as an Issuing Bank at any time upon thirty days prior written notice to the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and the Lenders, in which case, such Issuing Bank shall be replaced in accordance with Section 2.06(i) above. (j) Cash Collateralization. If any Event of Default shall occur and be continuing, on the Business Day that the Borrower receives notice from the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders (or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated, Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the aggregate LC Exposure) demanding the deposit of cash collateral pursuant to this paragraph, the Borrower shall deposit in an account with the Administrative Agent, in the name of the Administrative Agent and for the benefit of the Revolving Lenders (the LC Collateral Account ), an amount in cash equal to 105 of the amount of the LC Exposure as of such date plus accrued and unpaid interest thereon; provided that the obligation to deposit such cash collateral shall become effective immediately, and such deposit shall become immediately due and payable, without demand or other notice of any kind, upon the occurrence of any Event of Default with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of Article VII. The Borrower also shall deposit cash collateral in accordance with this paragraph as and to the extent required by Section 2.11(b) or 2.20. Each such deposit shall be held by the Administrative Agent as collateral for the payment and performance of the Secured Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall have exclusive dominion and control, including the 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 50 - exclusive right of withdrawal, over the LC Collateral Account and the Borrower hereby grants the Administrative Agent a security interest in the LC Collateral Account and all moneys or other assets on deposit therein or credited thereto. Other than any interest earned on the investment of such deposits, which investments shall be made at the option and sole discretion of the Administrative Agent and at the Borrower s risk and expense, such deposits shall not bear interest. Interest or profits, if any, on such investments shall accumulate in such account. Moneys in such account shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to reimburse the Issuing Bank for LC Disbursements for which it has not been reimbursed and, to the extent not so applied, shall be held for the satisfaction of the reimbursement obligations of the Borrower for the LC Exposure at such time or, if the maturity of the Loans has been accelerated (but subject to the consent of Revolving Lenders with LC Exposure representing greater than 50 of the aggregate LC Exposure), be applied to satisfy other Secured Obligations. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder as a result of the occurrence of an Event of Default, such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower within three (3) Business Days after all such Events of Default have been cured or waived as confirmed in writing by the Administrative Agent. If the Borrower is required to provide an amount of cash collateral hereunder pursuant to Section 2.11(b), such amount (to the extent not applied as aforesaid) shall be returned to the Borrower as and to the extent that, after giving effect to such return, the aggregate Revolving Exposures would not exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments and no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. (k) Issuing Bank Reports to the Administrative Agent. Unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent, each Issuing Bank shall, in addition to its notification obligations set forth elsewhere in this Section, report in writing to the Administrative Agent (i) periodic activity (for such period or recurrent periods as shall be requested by the Administrative Agent) in respect of Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank, including all issuances, extensions, amendments and renewals, all expirations and cancelations and all disbursements and reimbursements, (ii) reasonably prior to the time that such Issuing Bank issues, amends, renews or extends any Letter of Credit, the date of such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension, and the stated amount of the Letters of Credit issued, amended, renewed or extended by it and outstanding after giving effect to such issuance, amendment, renewal or extension (and whether the amounts thereof shall have changed), (iii) on each Business Day on which such Issuing Bank makes any LC Disbursement, the date and amount of such LC Disbursement, (iv) on any Business Day on which the Borrower fails to reimburse an LC Disbursement required to be reimbursed to such Issuing Bank on such day, the date of such failure and the amount of such LC Disbursement, and (v) on any other Business Day, such other information as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request as to the Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank. (l) LC Exposure Determination. For all purposes of this Agreement, the amount of a Letter of Credit that, by its terms or the terms of any document related thereto, provides for one or more automatic increases in the stated amount thereof shall be deemed to be the maximum stated amount of such Letter of Credit after giving effect to all such increases, whether or not such maximum stated amount is in effect at the time of determination. (m) Existing Letters of Credit. Each Letters of Credit existing on the Restatement Date and set forth on Schedule 2.06(m) (each, an Existing Letter of Credit shall constitute a Letter of Credit issued and outstanding under this Agreement (only to the extent that the lender issuing such Letter of Credit is a Lender hereunder) and the Lender issuing such Existing Letter of Credit shall be an Issuing Bank with respect thereto. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 51 - SECTION 2.07. Funding of Borrowings. (a) Each Lender shall make each Loan to be made by such Lender hereunder on the proposed date thereof solely by wire transfer of immediately available funds by 3:00 p.m1:00 p.m., New York time, to the account of the Administrative Agent most recently designated by it for such purpose by notice to the Lenders in an amount equal to such Lender s Applicable Percentage; provided that Term Loans shall be made as provided in Sections 2.01(b) and 2.02(b) and Swingline Loans shall be made as provided in Section 2.05. The Administrative Agent will make such Loans available to the Borrower by promptly crediting the funds so received in the aforesaid account of the Administrative Agent to the Funding Account(s); provided that ABR Revolving Loans made to finance the reimbursement of an LC Disbursement as provided in Section 2.06(e) shall be remitted by the Administrative Agent to the Issuing Bank. (b) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from a Lender prior to the proposed date of any Borrowing that such Lender will not make available to the Administrative Agent such Lender s share of such Borrowing, the Administrative Agent may assume that such Lender has made such share available on such date in accordance with paragraph (a) of this Section and may, in reliance upon such assumption, make available to the Borrower a corresponding amount. In such event, if a Lender has not in fact made its share of the applicable Borrowing available to the Administrative Agent, then the applicable Lender and the Borrower severally agree to pay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand such corresponding amount with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is made available to the Borrower to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at (i) in the case of such Lender, the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation or (ii) in the case of the Borrower, the interest rate applicable to ABR Revolving Loans. If such Lender pays such amount to the Administrative Agent, then such amount shall constitute such Lender s Loan included in such Borrowing. SECTION 2.08. Interest Elections. (a) Each Borrowing initially shall be of the Type specified in the applicable Borrowing Request and, in the case of a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing, shall have an initial Interest Period as specified in such Borrowing Request. Thereafter, the Borrower may elect to convert such Borrowing to a different Type or to continue such Borrowing and, in the case of a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing, may elect Interest Periods therefor, all as provided in this Section. The Borrower may elect different options with respect to different portions of the affected Borrowing, in which case each such portion shall be allocated ratably among the Lenders holding the Loans comprising such Borrowing, and the Loans comprising each such portion shall be considered a separate Borrowing. This Section shall not apply to Swingline Borrowings, which may not be converted or continued. (b) To make an election pursuant to this Section, the Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of such election by telephone or through Electronic System, if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent, by the time that a Borrowing Request would be required under Section 2.03 if the Borrower were requesting a Borrowing of the Type resulting from such election to be made on the effective date of such election. Each such telephonic Interest Election Request shall be irrevocable and shall be confirmed promptly by hand delivery, Electronic System or fax to the Administrative Agent of a written Interest Election Request in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and signed by the Borrower. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 52 - (c) Each telephonic and written Interest Election Request (including requests submitted through Electronic System) shall specify the following information in compliance with Section 2.02: (i) the Borrowing to which such Interest Election Request applies and, if different options are being elected with respect to different portions thereof, the portions thereof to be allocated to each resulting Borrowing (in which case the information to be specified pursuant to clauses (iii) and (iv) below shall be specified for each resulting Borrowing); (ii) the effective date of the election made pursuant to such Interest Election Request, which shall be a Business Day; (iii) whether the resulting Borrowing is to be an ABR Borrowing or, a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing or an RFR Borrowing; and (iv) if the resulting Borrowing is a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing, the Interest Period to be applicable thereto after giving effect to such election, which shall be a period contemplated by the definition of the term Interest Period . If any such Interest Election Request requests a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing but does not specify an Interest Period, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. (d) Promptly following receipt of an Interest Election Request, the Administrative Agent shall advise each Lender of the applicable Class of the details thereof and of such Lender s portion of each resulting Borrowing. (e) If the Borrower fails to deliver a timely Interest Election Request with respect to a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing prior to the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto, then, unless such Borrowing is repaid as provided herein, at the end of such Interest Period such Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing. Notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof, if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent, at the request of the Required Lenders, so notifies the Borrower, then, so long as an Event of Default is continuing (i) no outstanding Borrowing may be converted to or continued as a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing and (ii) unless repaid, (A) each EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing and (B) each RFR Borrowing shall be converted to an ABR Borrowing at the end of the Interest Period applicable thereto. SECTION 2.09. Termination and Reduction of Commitments; Increase in Revolving Commitments; Increase in Term Commitments. (a) Unless previously terminated, (i) the Term Commitments shall terminate at 5:00 p.m., New York time, on the Restatement Date and (ii) all the Revolving Commitments shall terminate on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date. (b) The Borrower may at any time terminate the Revolving Commitments upon (i) the payment in full of all outstanding Revolving Loans and LC Disbursements, together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon, (ii) the cancellation and return of all outstanding Letters of Credit (or alternatively, with respect to each such Letter of Credit, the furnishing to the Administrative Agent of a cash deposit (or at the discretion of the Administrative Agent a backup standby letter of credit satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank) in an amount equal to 105 of the LC Exposure as of 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 53 - such date), (iii) the payment in full of the accrued and unpaid fees, and (iv) the payment in full of all reimbursable expenses and other Obligations together with accrued and unpaid interest thereon. (c) The Borrower may from time to time reduce the Revolving Commitments; provided that (i) each reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be in an amount that is an integral multiple of 5,000,000 and not less than 5,000,000 and (ii) the Borrower shall not terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments if, after giving effect to any concurrent prepayment of the Revolving Loans in accordance with Section 2.11, the Aggregate Revolving Exposure would exceed the aggregate Revolving Commitments. (d) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent of any election to terminate or reduce the Revolving Commitments under paragraph (b) or (c) of this Section at least five (5) Business Days prior to the effective date of such termination or reduction, specifying such election and the effective date thereof. Promptly following receipt of any notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each notice delivered by the Borrower pursuant to this Section shall be irrevocable; provided that a notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments delivered by the Borrower may state that such notice is conditioned upon the effectiveness of other credit facilities, in which case such notice may be revoked by the Borrower (by notice to the Administrative Agent on or prior to the specified effective date) if such condition is not satisfied. Any termination or reduction of the Revolving Commitments shall be permanent. Each reduction of the Commitments shall be made ratably among the Lenders in accordance with their respective Revolving Commitments. (e) The Borrower shall have the right to increase (i) the Revolving Commitments by obtaining additional Revolving Commitments, either from one or more of the Lenders or another lending institution, provided that (A) any such request for an increase shall be in a minimum amount of 10,000,000, (B) the Borrower may make a maximum of, together with any requests for increases in the Term Loans in accordance with clause (ii) below, 3 such requests, (C) after giving effect thereto, the sum of the total of the additional Commitments pursuant to this clause (i) and clause (ii) below does not exceed 50,000,000, (D) the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank have approved the identity of any such new Lender, such approvals not to be unreasonably withheld, (E) any such new Lender assumes all of the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder, and (F) the procedures described in Section 2.09(f) below have been satisfied and (ii) the Term Loan by obtaining additional Term Commitments, either from one or more of the Lenders or another lending institution, provided that (A) any such request to increase the Term Loan shall be in a minimum amount of 10,000,000, (B) the Borrower may make a maximum of, together with any requests for increases in the Revolving Commitments pursuant to clause (i) above, 3 such requests, (C) after giving effect thereto, the sum of the total of the additional Commitments pursuant to this clause (ii) and clause (i) above does not exceed 50,000,000, (D) the Administrative Agent has approved the identity of any such new Lender, such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, (E) any such new Lender assumes all of the rights and obligations of a Lender hereunder, and (F) the procedures described in Section 2.09(f) below have been satisfied. Nothing contained in this Section 2.09 shall constitute, or otherwise be deemed to be, a commitment on the part of any Lender to increase its applicable Commitment hereunder at any time. (f) Any amendment hereto for such an increase or addition shall be in form and substance satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and shall only require the written signatures of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower and each Lender being added or increasing its Revolving Commitment or Term Loan, as applicable. As a condition precedent to such an increase or addition, the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent (i) a certificate of each Loan Party signed by an authorized officer of such Loan Party (A) certifying and attaching the resolutions adopted by such Loan Party approving or consenting to such increase, and (B) in the case of the Borrower, certifying that, before and after giving effect to such increase or addition, (1) the representations and warranties 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 54 - Date June 30, 2022 Amount 3,125,000 contained in Article III and the other Loan Documents are true and correct, except to the extent that such representations and warranties specifically refer to an earlier date, in which case they are true and correct as of such earlier date, (2) no Default exists and (3) the Borrower is in compliance (on a pro forma basis) with the covenants contained in Section 6.12 and (ii) legal opinions and documents consistent with those delivered on the Restatement Date, to the extent reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. (g) On the effective date of any such increase or addition (i) with respect to Revolving Commitments, (A) any Lender increasing (or, in the case of any newly added Lender, extending) its Revolving Commitment shall make available to the Administrative Agent such amounts in immediately available funds as the Administrative Agent shall determine, for the benefit of the other Lenders, as being required in order to cause, after giving effect to such increase or addition and the use of such amounts to make payments to such other Lenders, each Lender s portion of the outstanding Revolving Loans of all the Lenders to equal its revised Applicable Percentage of such outstanding Revolving Loans, and the Administrative Agent shall make such other adjustments among the Lenders with respect to the Revolving Loans then outstanding and amounts of principal, interest, commitment fees and other amounts paid or payable with respect thereto as shall be necessary, in the opinion of the Administrative Agent, in order to effect such reallocation and (B) the Borrower shall be deemed to have repaid and reborrowed all outstanding Revolving Loans as of the date of any increase (or addition) in the Revolving Commitments (with such reborrowing to consist of the Types of Revolving Loans, with related Interest Periods if applicable, specified in a notice delivered by the Borrower, in accordance with the requirements of Section 2.03) and (ii) with respect to the Term Loan, any Lender increasing (or, in the case of any newly added Lender, extending its Term Commitment) its Term Loan shall make a Term Loan to the Borrower in the amount of such increase or extension in immediately available funds. The deemed payments made pursuant to clause (B) of clause (i) of the immediately preceding sentence shall be accompanied by payment of all accrued interest on the amount prepaid and, in respect of each EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loan, shall be subject to indemnification by the Borrower pursuant to the provisions of Section 2.16 if the deemed payment occurs other than on the last day of the related Interest Periods. Within five (5) Business Days after the effective date of any increase or addition, the Administrative Agent shall, and is hereby authorized and directed to, revise the Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule to reflect such increase or addition and shall distribute such revised Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule to each of the Lenders and the Borrower, whereupon such revised Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule shall replace the old Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule and become part of this Agreement. SECTION 2.10. Repayment and Amortization of Loans; Evidence of Debt. (a) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Revolving Loan on the Revolving Credit Maturity Date, and (ii) to the Swingline Lender the then unpaid principal amount of each Swingline Loan on the earlier of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date and the fifth Business Day after such Swingline Loan is made; provided that on each date that a Revolving Loan is made, the Borrower shall repay all Swingline Loans then outstanding and the proceeds of any such Revolving Loan shall be applied by the Administrative Agent to repay any Swingline Loans outstanding. (b) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Lender on each date set forth below the aggregate principal amount set forth opposite such date (as adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 2.11(e) or 2.18(b)): March 31, 2022 3,125,000 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 55 - June 30, 2023 4,687,500 June 30, 2022 December 31, 2022 1.25 4,687,500 September 30, 2022 September 30, 2024 1.25 September 30, 2022 4,687,500 December 31, 2022 1.25 3,125,000 March 31, 2023 December 31, 2024 1.875 September 30, 2023 4,687,500 June 30, 2023 1.875 4,687,500 September 30, 2023 March 31, 2025 1.875 6,250,000 December 31, 2023 1.875 3,125,000 March 31, 2024 June 30, 2025 1.875 December 31, 2023 6,250,000 June 30, 2024 March 31, 2023 1.875 4,687,500 September 30, 2024 September 30, 2025 1.875 6,250,000 December 31, 2024 1.875 4,687,500 March 31, 2025 Term Maturity Date 2.50 March 31, 2024 The entire unpaid principal amount of all Term Loans June 30, 2025 2.50 ; provided if any date set forth above is not a Business Day, then payment shall be due and payable on the Business Day immediately preceding such date. To the extent not previously paid, all unpaid Term Loans shall be paid in full in cash by the Borrower on the Term Maturity Date. (c) The Borrower hereby unconditionally promises to pay to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Term Lender, on the last day of each fiscal quarter following the addition of new Term Loans pursuant to Section 2.09(e) (each, a New Term Loan ), an amount equal to the applicable percentage of the aggregate amount of such New Term Loan made pursuant to Section 2.09(e) if then outstanding, set forth opposite such date (as adjusted from time to time pursuant to Section 2.11(e) or 2.18(b)): September 30, 2025 4,687,500 2.50 Date Term Maturity Date Amount The entire unpaid principal amount of New Term Loans March 31, 2022 June 30, 2024 1.25 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 56 - ; provided if any date set forth above is not a Business Day, then payment shall be due and payable on the Business Day immediately preceding such date. To the extent not previously paid, the remaining unpaid balance of the New Term Loans shall be paid in full in cash by the Borrower on the Term Maturity Date. (d) Prior to any repayment of any Term Loan Borrowings of any Class under this Section, the Borrower shall select the Borrowing or Borrowings of the applicable Class to be repaid and shall notify the Administrative Agent by telephone (confirmed by fax) of such selection not later than 11:00 a.m., New York time, three (3) Business Days before the scheduled date of such repayment. Each repayment of a Term Loan Borrowing shall be applied ratably (based upon the original principal amount of such Term Loan at the time such Term Loan was initially advanced) to the Loans included in the repaid Term Loan Borrowing. Repayments of Term Loan Borrowings shall be accompanied by accrued interest on the amounts repaid. (e) Each Lender shall maintain in accordance with its usual practice an account or accounts evidencing the Indebtedness of the Borrower to such Lender resulting from each Loan made by such Lender, including the amounts of principal and interest payable and paid to such Lender from time to time hereunder. (f) The Administrative Agent shall maintain accounts in which it shall record (i) the amount of each Loan made hereunder, the Class and Type thereof and the Interest Period applicable thereto, if any, (ii) the amount of any principal or interest due and payable or to become due and payable from the Borrower to each Lender hereunder and (iii) the amount of any sum received by the Administrative Agent hereunder for the account of the Lenders and each Lender s share thereof. (g) The entries made in the accounts maintained pursuant to paragraph (e) or (f) of this Section shall be prima facie evidence of the existence and amounts of the obligations recorded therein; provided that the failure of any Lender or the Administrative Agent to maintain such accounts or any error therein shall not in any manner affect the obligation of the Borrower to repay the Loans in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. (h) Any Lender may request that Loans made by it be evidenced by a promissory note. In such event, the Borrower shall prepare, execute and deliver to Administrative Agent (and Administrative Agent shall promptly deliver to such Lender) a promissory note payable to such Lender (or, if requested by such Lender, to such Lender and its registered assigns) and in a form approved by the Administrative Agent and the Borrower. Thereafter, unless otherwise requested by the applicable Lender, the Loans evidenced by such promissory note and interest thereon shall at all times (including after assignment pursuant to Section 9.04) be represented by one or more promissory notes in such form. SECTION 2.11. Prepayment of Loans. (a) The Borrower shall have the right at any time and from time to time to prepay any Borrowing in whole or in part, without premium or penalty and subject to prior notice in accordance with paragraph (e) of this Section and, if applicable, payment of any break funding expenses under Section 2.16. (b) In the event and on such occasion that the Aggregate Revolving Exposure exceeds the aggregate Revolving Commitments, the Borrower shall prepay the Revolving Loans, LC Exposure and/or Swingline Loans (or, if no such Borrowings are outstanding, deposit cash collateral in 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 57 - Percentage of Excess Cash Flow Greater than 1.50 to 1.00 Greater than 2.75 to 1.00 50 50 Total Leverage Ratio Less than or equal to 2.75 to 1.00 but Greater than 1.50 to 1.00 25 Less than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00 Percentage of Excess Cash Flow Less than or equal to 1.50 to 1.00 0 0 the LC Collateral Account in an aggregate amount equal to such excess, in accordance with Section 2.06(j)). (c) In the event and on each occasion that any Net Proceeds are received by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in respect of any Prepayment Event, the Borrower shall, immediately after such Net Proceeds are received by any Loan Party or Subsidiary, prepay the Obligations and cash collateralize the LC Exposure as set forth in Section 2.11(d) below in an aggregate amount equal to 100 of such Net Proceeds, provided that, in the case of any event described in clause (a) or (b) of the definition of the term Prepayment Event , if the Borrower shall deliver to the Administrative Agent a certificate of a Financial Officer to the effect that the Loan Parties intend to apply the Net Proceeds from such event (or a portion thereof specified in such certificate), within 180 days after receipt of such Net Proceeds, to acquire (or replace or rebuild) real property, equipment or other tangible assets (excluding inventory) to be used in the business of the Loan Parties, and certifying that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, then no prepayment shall be required pursuant to this paragraph in respect of the Net Proceeds specified in such certificate, provided that to the extent of any such Net Proceeds that have not been so applied by the end of such 180-day period, a prepayment shall be required at such time in an amount equal to such Net Proceeds that have not been so applied. (d) Until the latest of the Revolving Credit Maturity Date or the Term Maturity Date, as the case may be, the Borrower shall prepay the Obligations as set forth in Section 2.11(e) below on the date that is ten days after the earlier of (i) the Administrative Agent s receipt of the financial statements required to be delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(a) and (ii) the date on which such financial statements are due, commencing with the financial statements required to be delivered for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2021 (and any obligation to make such payment pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020 is hereby waived), in an aggregate amount (an Excess Cash Flow Prepayment Amount at least equal to the percentage of the Excess Cash Flow (the Excess Cash Flow Percentage for such fiscal year less the aggregate amount of voluntary principal payments of the Loans since the beginning of such fiscal year not previously so deducted (such voluntary prepayments shall not include (A) prepayments of Swingline Loans and Revolving Loans unless accompanied by a corresponding permanent reduction in the Revolving Commitments and (B) prepayments of the Loans funded with the proceeds of Indebtedness), computed in accordance with the table set forth below based on the Total Leverage Ratio as of the end of such fiscal year, with such amount to be applied as set forth in clause (e) below: provided, however, that after the Merger Effective Date, the Excess Cash Flow Percentage shall be computed in accordance with the table set forth below based on the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio: Senior Secured Leverage Ratio 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 58 - Each Excess Cash Flow prepayment shall be accompanied by a certificate signed by a Financial Officer certifying the manner in which Excess Cash Flow and the resulting prepayment were calculated, which certificate shall be in form and substance satisfactory to Administrative Agent. (e) All prepayments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.11(c) or (d) shall be applied, first to prepay the Term Loans (and in the event Term Loans of more than one Class shall be outstanding at the time, shall be allocated among the Term Loans pro rata based on the aggregate principal amounts of outstanding Term Loans of each such Class) as so allocated, and shall be applied to reduce the next four installments of Term Loans of each Class to be made pursuant to Section 2.10 in direct order of maturity, second to reduce the subsequent scheduled repayments of Term Loans of each Class to be made pursuant to Section 2.10 ratably based on the amount of such scheduled repayments and third to prepay the Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) without a corresponding reduction in the Revolving Commitments and fourth to cash collateralize outstanding LC Exposure; provided that all prepayments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.11(c) with respect to Net Proceeds arising from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding, to the extent they arise from casualties or losses to cash or Inventory shall be applied, first, to prepay the Revolving Loans (including Swingline Loans) without a corresponding reduction in the Revolving Commitments and second, to cash collateralize outstanding LC Exposure, and third, to prepay the Term Loans (allocated and applied to subsequent scheduled repayments as set forth above). (f) The Borrower shall notify the Administrative Agent (and, in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, the Swingline Lender) by telephone (confirmed by fax or through Electronic System), if arrangements for doing so have been approved by the Administrative Agent or through Electronic System, of any prepayment under this Section: (i) (A) in the case of prepayment of a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m10:00 a.m., New York City time, three (3) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of prepayment, and (B) in the case of an RFR Borrowing, not later than 10:00 a.m., New York City time, five (5) U.S. Government Securities Business Days before the date of prepayment, (ii) in the case of prepayment of an ABR Borrowing, not later than 1:00 p.m., New York time, one (1) Business Day before the date of prepayment or (iii) in the case of prepayment of a Swingline Loan, not later than 11:00 a.m., New York time, on the date of prepayment. Each such notice shall be irrevocable and shall specify the prepayment date and the principal amount of each Borrowing or portion thereof to be prepaid; provided that if a notice of prepayment is given in connection with a conditional notice of termination of the Revolving Commitments as contemplated by Section 2.09, then such notice of prepayment may be revoked if such notice of termination is revoked in accordance with Section 2.09. Promptly following receipt of any such notice, the Administrative Agent shall advise the Lenders of the contents thereof. Each partial prepayment of any Revolving Borrowing or Term Loan shall be in an amount that would be permitted in the case of an advance of a Borrowing of the same Type as provided in Section 2.02, except as necessary to apply fully the required amount of a mandatory prepayment. Each prepayment of a Borrowing shall be applied ratably to the Loans included in the prepaid Borrowing. Prepayments shall be accompanied by (i) accrued interest to the extent required by Section 2.13 and (ii) break funding payments pursuant to Section 2.16. SECTION 2.12. Fees. (a) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent a commitment fee for the account of each Revolving Lender, which shall accrue at the Applicable Rate on the daily amount of the undrawn portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender during the period from and including the Restatement Date to but excluding the date on which the Lenders Revolving Commitments terminate; it being understood that the LC Exposure of a Lender shall be included and the Swingline Exposure of a 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 59 - Lender shall be excluded in the drawn portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Lender for purposes of calculating the commitment fee. Accrued commitment fees shall be payable in arrears on the fifteenth (15th) day following the last day of March, June, September and December of each year and on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate, commencing on the first such date to occur after the date hereof; provided that any fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. All commitment fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day and last day of each period but excluding the last day on which the Revolving Commitments terminate). (b) The Borrower agrees to pay (i) to the Administrative Agent for the account of each Revolving Lender a participation fee with respect to its participations in Letters of Credit, which shall accrue at the same Applicable Rate used to determine the interest rate applicable to EurodollarTerm Benchmark Revolving Loans on the daily amount of such Lender s LC Exposure (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Restatement Date to but excluding the later of the date on which such Lender s Revolving Commitment terminates and the date on which such Lender ceases to have any LC Exposure, and (ii) to the Issuing Bank a fronting fee, which shall accrue at the rate of 0.125 per annum on the daily amount of the LC Exposure attributable to Letters of Credit issued by such Issuing Bank (excluding any portion thereof attributable to unreimbursed LC Disbursements) during the period from and including the Restatement Date to but excluding the later of the date of termination of the Commitments and the date on which there ceases to be any LC Exposure, as well as the Issuing Bank s standard fees and commissions with respect to the issuance, amendment, cancellation, negotiation, transfer, presentment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or processing of drawings thereunder. Participation fees and fronting fees accrued through and including the last day of March, June, September and December of each year shall be payable on the third Business Day following such last day, commencing on the first such date to occur after the Restatement Date; provided that all such fees shall be payable on the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate and any such fees accruing after the date on which the Revolving Commitments terminate shall be payable on demand. Any other fees payable to the Issuing Bank pursuant to this paragraph shall be payable within ten (10) days after demand. All participation fees and fronting fees shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days and shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). (c) The Borrower agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, for its own account, fees payable in the amounts and at the times separately agreed upon between the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. (d) All fees payable hereunder shall be paid on the dates due, in immediately available funds, to the Administrative Agent (or to the Issuing Bank, in the case of fees payable to it) for distribution, in the case of commitment fees and participation fees, to the Lenders entitled thereto. Fees paid shall not be refundable under any circumstances. SECTION 2.13. Interest. (a) The Loans comprising each ABR Borrowing (including each Swingline Loan) shall bear interest at the Alternate Base Rate plus the Applicable Rate. (b) The Loans comprising each EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing shall bear interest at the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate for the Interest Period in effect for such Borrowing plus the Applicable Rate. Each RFR Loan shall bear interest at a rate per annum equal to the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR plus the Applicable Rate. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 60 - (c) Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default the Required Lenders may, at their option, by notice to the Borrower (which notice may be revoked at the option of the Required Lenders notwithstanding any provision of Section 9.02 requiring the consent of each Lender affected thereby for reductions in interest rates), declare that, (i) all Loans shall bear interest at 2 plus the rate otherwise applicable to such Loans as provided in the preceding paragraphs of this Section or (ii) in the case of any other amount outstanding hereunder, such amount shall accrue at 2 plus the rate applicable to such fee or other obligation as provided hereunder (provided that upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to clause (h) or (i) of Article VII the rate of interest on any Loans or other amounts shall automatically be increased as provided in clauses (i) and (ii) above). (d) Accrued interest on each Loan (for ABR Loans, accrued through the last day of the prior calendar month) shall be payable in arrears on each Interest Payment Date for such Loan and, in the case of Revolving Loans, upon termination of the Revolving Commitments; provided that (i) interest accrued pursuant to paragraph (c) of this Section shall be payable on demand, (ii) in the event of any repayment or prepayment of any Loan (other than a prepayment of an ABR Revolving Loan prior to the end of the Availability Period), accrued interest on the principal amount repaid or prepaid shall be payable on the date of such repayment or prepayment and (iii) in the event of any conversion of any EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loan prior to the end of the current Interest Period therefor, accrued interest on such Loan shall be payable on the effective date of such conversion. (e) All interestInterest computed by reference to the Term SOFR Rate or Daily Simple SOFR hereunder shall be computed on the basis of a year of 360 days, except that interest. Interest computed by reference to the Alternate Base Rate at times when the Alternate Base Rate is based on the Prime Rate shall be computed on the basis of a year of 365 days (or 366 days in a leap year), and in. In each case, interest shall be payable for the actual number of days elapsed (including the first day but excluding the last day). The All interest hereunder on any Loan shall be computed on a daily basis based upon the outstanding principal amount of such Loan as of the applicable date of determination. Any determination of the applicable Alternate Base Rate, Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate or LIBO Rate, Term SOFR Rate, Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR shall be determined by the Administrative Agent, and such determination shall be conclusive absent manifest error. SECTION 2.14. Alternate Rate of Interest; Illegality. (a) Subject to clauses (b), (c), (d), (e), (f), and (g) and (h) of this Section 2.14, if prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Eurodollar Borrowing: (i) the Administrative Agent determines (which determination shall be conclusive and binding absent manifest error) (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate or the LIBOTerm SOFR Rate, as applicable (including, without limitation, by means of an Interpolated Rate or because the LIBO ScreenTerm SOFR Reference Rate is not available or published on a current basis), for such Interest Period; provided that no Benchmark Transition Event shall have occurred at such time or (B) at any time, that adequate and reasonable means do not exist for ascertaining the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR or Daily Simple SOFR; or (ii) the Administrative Agent is advised by the Required Lenders that (A) prior to the commencement of any Interest Period for a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the Adjusted LIBOTerm SOFR Rate orfor the LIBO Rate, as applicable, Interest Period will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 61 - Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period, or (B) at any time, the applicable Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR will not adequately and fairly reflect the cost to such Lenders (or Lender) of making or maintaining their Loans (or its Loan) included in such Borrowing for such Interest Period; then the Administrative Agent shall give notice thereof to the Borrower and the Lenders through any Electronic System as provided in Section 9.01 as promptly as practicable thereafter and, until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (A1) any Interest Election Request that requests the conversion of any Borrowing to, or continuation of any Borrowing as, a Eurodollar Borrowing shall be ineffective and any such Eurodollar Borrowing shall be repaid or converted into an ABR BorrowingTerm Benchmark Borrowing and any Borrowing Request that requests a Term Benchmark Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be an Interest Election Request or a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above and (2) any Borrowing Request that requests an RFR Borrowing shall instead be deemed to be a Borrowing Request, as applicable, for an ABR Borrowing; provided that if the circumstances giving rise to such notice affect only one Type of Borrowings, then all other Types of Borrowings shall be permitted. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of the notice from the Administrative Agent referred to in this Section 2.14(a) with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until (x) the Administrative Agent notifies the Borrower and the Lenders that the circumstances giving rise to such notice no longer exist with respect to the relevant Benchmark and (y) the Borrower delivers a new Interest Election Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.08 or a new Borrowing Request in accordance with the terms of Section 2.03, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the then current Interest Period applicable thereto, and (B) if any Borrowing Request requests a Eurodollar Borrowing, such Borrowing shall be made asto such Loan (or the next succeeding Business Day if such day is not a Business Day), be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not also the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR also is the subject of Section 2.14(a)(i) or (ii) above, on such day, and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR BorrowingLoan. (b) If any Lender determines that any Requirement of Law has made it unlawful, or if any Governmental Authority has asserted that it is unlawful, for anysuch Lender or its applicable lending office to make, maintain, fund or continue any EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing, or any Governmental Authority has imposed material restrictions on the authority of such Lender to purchase or sell, or to take deposits of, dollars in the London interbank offering market, based upon the then-existing Benchmark, then, on notice thereof by such Lender to the Borrower through the Administrative Agent, any obligations of such Lender to make, maintain, fund or continue EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loans or RFR Loans or to convert ABR Borrowings to EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowings or RFR Borrowings will be suspended until such Lender notifies the Administrative Agent and the Borrower that the circumstances giving rise to such determination no longer exist. Upon receipt of such notice, the Borrower will upon demand from such Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), either convert or prepay all Eurodollar, either prepay or convert, at the Borrower s option, all Term Benchmark Borrowings and RFR Borrowings of suchthe Lender to ABR Borrowings, (i) with respect to Term Benchmark Borrowings, either on the last day of the Interest Period therefor, if suchthe Lender may lawfully continue to maintain such EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowings to such day, or immediately, if suchthe Lender may not lawfully continue to maintain such Loans and (ii) with 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 62 - respect to RFR Borrowings, immediately. Upon any such conversion or prepayment or conversion, the Borrower will also pay accrued interest on the amount so converted or prepaid or converted. (c) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document (and any Swap Agreement shall be deemed not to be a Loan Document for purposes of this Section 2.14), if a Benchmark Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then (x) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (1) or (2) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document and (y) if a Benchmark Replacement is determined in accordance with clause (32) of the definition of Benchmark Replacement for such Benchmark Replacement Date, such Benchmark Replacement will replace such Benchmark for all purposes hereunder and under any Loan Document in respect of any Benchmark setting at or after 5:00 p.m. (New York City time) on the fifth (5th) Business Day after the date notice of such Benchmark Replacement is provided to the Lenders without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document so long as the Administrative Agent has not received, by such time, written notice of objection to such Benchmark Replacement from Lenders comprising the Required Lenders. (d) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document and subject to the proviso below in this paragraph, if a Term SOFR Transition Event and its related Benchmark Replacement Date have occurred prior to the Reference Time in respect of any setting of the then-current Benchmark, then the applicable Benchmark Replacement will replace the then-current Benchmark for all purposes hereunder or under any Loan Document in respect of such Benchmark setting and subsequent Benchmark settings, without any amendment to, or further action or consent of any other party to, this Agreement or any other Loan Document; provided that, this clause (c) shall not be effective unless the Administrative Agent has delivered to the Lenders and the Borrower a Term SOFR Notice. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent shall not be required to deliver a Term SOFR Notice after a Term SOFR Transition Event and may do so in its sole discretion. (d) (e) In connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement,Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, the Administrative Agent will have the right to make Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes from time to time and, notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, any amendments implementing such Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes will become effective without any further action or consent of any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document. (e) (f) The Administrative Agent will promptly notify the Borrower and the Lenders of (i) any occurrence of a Benchmark Transition Event, a Term SOFR Transition Event or an Early Opt-in Election, as applicable, (ii) the implementation of any Benchmark Replacement, (iii) the effectiveness of any Benchmark Replacement Conforming Changes, (iv) the removal or reinstatement of any tenor of a Benchmark pursuant to clause Section 2.14(gf) below and (v) the commencement or conclusion of any Benchmark Unavailability Period. Any determination, decision or election that may be made by the Administrative Agent or, if applicable, any Lender (or group of Lenders) pursuant to this Section 2.14, including any determination with respect to a tenor, rate or adjustment or of the occurrence or non-occurrence of an event, circumstance or date and any decision to take or refrain from taking any action or any selection, will be conclusive and binding absent manifest error and may be made in its or 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 63 - their sole discretion and without consent from any other party to this Agreement or any other Loan Document, except, in each case, as expressly required pursuant to this Section 2.14. (f) (g) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein or in any other Loan Document, at any time (including in connection with the implementation of a Benchmark Replacement), (i) if the then-current Benchmark is a term rate (including the Term SOFR or LIBO Rate) and either (A) any tenor for such Benchmark is not displayed on a screen or other information service that publishes such rate from time to time as selected by the Administrative Agent in its reasonable discretion or (B) the regulatory supervisor for the administrator of such Benchmark has provided a public statement or publication of information announcing that any tenor for such Benchmark is or will be no longer representative, then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for any Benchmark settings at or after such time to remove such unavailable or non-representative tenor and (ii) if a tenor that was removed pursuant to clause (i) above either (A) is subsequently displayed on a screen or information service for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement) or (B) is not, or is no longer, subject to an announcement that it is or will no longer be representative for a Benchmark (including a Benchmark Replacement), then the Administrative Agent may modify the definition of Interest Period for all Benchmark settings at or after such time to reinstate such previously removed tenor. (g) (h) Upon the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to any Relevant Rate, the Borrower may revoke any request for a EurodollarTerm Benchmark Borrowing or RFR Borrowing of, conversion to or continuation of EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loans to be made, converted or continued during any Benchmark Unavailability Period and, failing that, the Borrower will be deemed to have converted (1) any such request into a request for a Borrowing of or conversion to ABR Loans(A) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (B) an ABR Borrowing if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (2) any such request for an RFR Borrowing into a request for an ABR Borrowing. During any Benchmark Unavailability Period or at any time that a tenor for the then-current Benchmark is not an Available Tenor, the component of ABR based upon the then-current Benchmark or such tenor for such Benchmark, as applicable, will not be used in any determination of ABR. Furthermore, if any Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan is outstanding on the date of the Borrower s receipt of notice of the commencement of a Benchmark Unavailability Period with respect to a Relevant Rate applicable to such Term Benchmark Loan or RFR Loan, then until such time as a Benchmark Replacement is implemented pursuant to this Section 2.14, (1) any Term Benchmark Loan shall on the last day of the Interest Period applicable to such Loan, be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, (x) an RFR Borrowing so long as the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is not the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event or (y) an ABR Loan if the Adjusted Daily Simple SOFR is the subject of a Benchmark Transition Event, on such day and (2) any RFR Loan shall on and from such day be converted by the Administrative Agent to, and shall constitute, an ABR Loan. SECTION 2.15.Increased Costs. (a) If any Change in Law shall: (i) impose, modify or deem applicable any reserve, special deposit, liquidity or similar requirement (including any compulsory loan requirement, insurance charge or other assessment) against assets of, deposits with or for the account of, or credit extended by, any Lender (except any such reserve requirement reflected in the Adjusted LIBO Rate) or the Issuing Bank; or 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 64 - (ii) impose on any Lender or the Issuing Bank or the Londonapplicable offshore interbank market any other condition, cost or expense (other than Taxes) affecting this Agreement or Loans made by such Lender or any Letter of Credit or participation therein; or (iii) subject any Recipient to any Taxes (other than (A) Indemnified Taxes, (B) Taxes described in clauses (b) through (d) of the definition of Excluded Taxes and (C) Connection Income Taxes) on its loans, loan principal, letters of credit, commitments, or other obligations, or its deposits, reserves, other liabilities or capital attributable thereto; and the result of any of the foregoing shall be to increase the cost to such Lender or such other Recipient of making, continuing, converting into or maintaining any Loan (or of maintaining its obligation to make any such Loan) or to increase the cost to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient of participating in, issuing or maintaining any Letter of Credit or to reduce the amount of any sum received or receivable by such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient hereunder (whether of principal, interest or otherwise), then the Borrower will pay to such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender, the Issuing Bank or such other Recipient, as the case may be, for such additional costs incurred or reduction suffered. (b) If any Lender or the Issuing Bank determines that any Change in Law regarding capital or liquidity requirements has or would have the effect of reducing the rate of return on such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s capital or on the capital of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company, if any, as a consequence of this Agreement, the Commitments of or the Loans made by, or participations in Letters of Credit or Swingline Loans held by, such Lender, or the Letters of Credit issued by the Issuing Bank, to a level below that which such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company could have achieved but for such Change in Law (taking into consideration such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s policies and the policies of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company with respect to capital adequacy and liquidity), then from time to time the Borrower will pay to such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, such additional amount or amounts as will compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s holding company for any such reduction suffered. (c) A certificate of a Lender or the Issuing Bank setting forth in reasonable detail the basis and calculation of the amount or amounts necessary to compensate such Lender or the Issuing Bank or its holding company, as the case may be, as specified in paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof. (d) Failure or delay on the part of any Lender or the Issuing Bank to demand compensation pursuant to this Section shall not constitute a waiver of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s right to demand such compensation; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender or the Issuing Bank pursuant to this Section for any increased costs or reductions incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, notifies the Borrower of the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions and of such Lender s or the Issuing Bank s intention to claim compensation therefor; provided further that, if the Change in Law giving rise to such increased costs or reductions is retroactive, then the 270-day period referred to above shall be extended to include the period of retroactive effect thereof. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 65 - (e) This Section 2.15 shall not apply to the extent any increased costs relate to Taxes addressed in Section 2.17. SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments. (a) SECTION 2.16. Break Funding Payments. InWith respect to Loans that are not RFR Loans, in the event of (ai) the payment of any principal of any EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of an Interest Period applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or as a result of any prepayment pursuant to Section 2.11), (bii) the conversion of any EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto, (ciii) the failure to borrow, convert, continue or prepay any EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.09(d) and is revoked in accordance therewith), or (div) the assignment of any EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loan other than on the last day of the Interest Period applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.19 or 9.02(d), then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. In the case of a Eurodollar Loan, such loss, cost or expense to any Lender shall be deemed to include an amount determined by such Lender to be the excess, if any, of (i) the amount of interest which would have accrued on the principal amount of such Eurodollar Loan had such event not occurred, at the Adjusted LIBO Rate that would have been applicable to such Eurodollar Loan, for the period from the date of such event to the last day of the then current Interest Period therefor (or, in the case of a failure to borrow, convert or continue, for the period that would have been the Interest Period for such Eurodollar Loan), over (ii) the amount of interest which would accrue on such principal amount for such period at the interest rate which such Lender would bid were it to bid, at the commencement of such period, for dollar deposits of a comparable amount and period from other banks in the eurodollar market. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section, and setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations used by such Lender to determine such amount or amounts, shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any amounts under this Section 2.16 incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of such amount and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor. (b) With respect to RFR Loans, in the event of (i) the payment of any principal of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto (including as a result of an Event of Default or an optional or mandatory prepayment of Loans), (ii) the failure to borrow or prepay any RFR Loan on the date specified in any notice delivered pursuant hereto (regardless of whether such notice may be revoked under Section 2.11 and is revoked in accordance therewith) or (iii) the assignment of any RFR Loan other than on the Interest Payment Date applicable thereto as a result of a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.18, then, in any such event, the Borrower shall compensate each Lender for the loss, cost and expense attributable to such event. A certificate of any Lender setting forth any amount or amounts that such Lender is entitled to receive pursuant to this Section, and setting forth in reasonable detail the calculations used by such Lender to determine such amount or amounts shall be delivered to the Borrower and shall be conclusive absent manifest error. The Borrower shall pay such Lender the amount shown as due on any such certificate within ten (10) days after receipt thereof; provided that the Borrower shall not be required to compensate a Lender pursuant to this Section for any amounts under this Section 2.16 incurred more than 270 days prior to the date that such Lender notifies the Borrower of such amount and of such Lender s intention to claim compensation therefor. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 66 - SECTION 2.17. Taxes. (a) Withholding Taxes; Gross-Up; Payments Free of Taxes. Any and all payments by or on account of any obligation of any Loan Party under any Loan Document shall be made without deduction or withholding for any Taxes, except as required by applicable law. If any applicable law (as determined in the good faith discretion of an applicable withholding agent) requires the deduction or withholding of any Tax from any such payment by a withholding agent, then the applicable withholding agent shall be entitled to make such deduction or withholding and shall timely pay the full amount deducted or withheld to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law and, if such Tax is an Indemnified Tax, then the sum payable by the applicable Loan Party shall be increased as necessary so that after such deduction or withholding has been made (including such deductions and withholdings applicable to additional sums payable under this Section 2.17), the applicable Recipient receives an amount equal to the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been made. (b) Payment of Other Taxes by Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall timely pay to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law, or at the option of the Administrative Agent timely reimburse it for, Other Taxes. (c) Evidence of Payment. As soon as practicable after any payment of Taxes by any Loan Party to a Governmental Authority pursuant to this Section 2.17, such Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent the original or a certified copy of a receipt issued by such Governmental Authority evidencing such payment, a copy of the return reporting such payment, or other evidence of such payment reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (d) Indemnification by the Loan Parties. The Loan Parties shall jointly and severally indemnify each Recipient, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for the full amount of any Indemnified Taxes (including Indemnified Taxes imposed or asserted on or attributable to amounts payable under this Section) payable or paid by such Recipient or required to be withheld or deducted from a payment to such Recipient and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Indemnified Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to the Borrower by a Lender (with a copy to the Administrative Agent), or by the Administrative Agent on its own behalf or on behalf of a Lender, shall be conclusive absent manifest error. (e) Indemnification by the Lenders. Each Lender shall severally indemnify the Administrative Agent, within ten (10) days after demand therefor, for (i) any Indemnified Taxes attributable to such Lender (but only to the extent that any Loan Party has not already indemnified the Administrative Agent for such Indemnified Taxes and without limiting the obligation of the Loan Parties to do so), (ii) any Taxes attributable to such Lender s failure to comply with the provisions of Section 9.04(c) relating to the maintenance of a Participant Register and (iii) any Excluded Taxes attributable to such Lender, in each case, that are payable or paid by the Administrative Agent in connection with any Loan Document, and any reasonable expenses arising therefrom or with respect thereto, whether or not such Taxes were correctly or legally imposed or asserted by the relevant Governmental Authority. A certificate as to the amount of such payment or liability delivered to any Lender by the Administrative Agent shall be conclusive absent manifest error. Each Lender hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender under any Loan Document or otherwise payable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender from any other source against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under this paragraph (e). 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 67 - (f) Status of Lenders. (i) Any Lender that is entitled to an exemption from or reduction of withholding Tax with respect to payments made under any Loan Document shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent, at the time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, such properly completed and executed documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will permit such payments to be made without withholding or at a reduced rate of withholding. In addition, any Lender, if reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, shall deliver such other documentation prescribed by applicable law or reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as will enable the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine whether or not such Lender is subject to backup withholding or information reporting requirements. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in the preceding two sentences, the completion, execution and submission of such documentation (other than such documentation set forth in Section 2.17(f)(ii)(A), (ii)(B) and (ii)(D) below) shall not be required if in the Lender s reasonable judgment such completion, execution or submission would subject such Lender to any material unreimbursed cost or expense or would materially prejudice the legal or commercial position of such Lender. (ii) Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, in the event that the Borrower is a U.S. Person, (A) any Lender that is a U.S. Person shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent on or prior to the date on which such Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), an executed IRS Form W-9 certifying that such Lender is exempt from U.S. federal backup withholding tax; (B) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), whichever of the following is applicable: (1) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of an income tax treaty to which the U.S. is a party (x) with respect to payments of interest under any Loan Document, an executed IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the interest article of such tax treaty and (y) with respect to any other applicable payments under any Loan Document, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, establishing an exemption from, or reduction of, U.S. federal withholding Tax pursuant to the business profits or other income article of such tax treaty; (2) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming that its extension of credit will generate U.S. effectively connected income, an executed IRS Form W-8ECI; (3) in the case of a Foreign Lender claiming the benefits of the exemption for portfolio interest under Section 881(c) of the Code, (x) a 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 68 - certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-1 to the effect that such Foreign Lender is not a bank within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(A) of the Code, a 10 percent shareholder of the Borrower within the meaning of Section 881(c)(3)(B) of the Code, or a controlled foreign corporation described in Section 881(c)(3)(C) of the Code (a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate and (y) an executed IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable; or (4) to the extent a Foreign Lender is not the Beneficial Owner, an executed IRS Form W-8IMY, accompanied by IRS Form W-8ECI, IRS Form W-8BEN or IRS Form W-8BEN-E, as applicable, a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-2 or Exhibit C-3, IRS Form W-9, and/or other certification documents from each Beneficial Owner, as applicable; provided that if the Foreign Lender is a partnership and one or more direct or indirect partners of such Foreign Lender are claiming the portfolio interest exemption, such Foreign Lender may provide a U.S. Tax Compliance Certificate substantially in the form of Exhibit C-4 on behalf of each such direct and indirect partner; (C) any Foreign Lender shall, to the extent it is legally entitled to do so, deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent (in such number of copies as shall be requested by the recipient) on or prior to the date on which such Foreign Lender becomes a Lender under this Agreement (and from time to time thereafter upon the reasonable request of the Borrower or the Administrative Agent), executed originals of any other form prescribed by applicable law as a basis for claiming exemption from or a reduction in U.S. federal withholding Tax, duly completed, together with such supplementary documentation as may be prescribed by applicable law to permit the Borrower or the Administrative Agent to determine the withholding or deduction required to be made; and (D) if a payment made to a Lender under any Loan Document would be subject to U.S. federal withholding Tax imposed by FATCA if such Lender were to fail to comply with the applicable reporting requirements of FATCA (including those contained in Section 1471(b) or 1472(b) of the Code, as applicable), such Lender shall deliver to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent at the time or times prescribed by law and at such time or times reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent such documentation prescribed by applicable law (including as prescribed by Section 1471(b)(3)(C)(i) of the Code) and such additional documentation reasonably requested by the Borrower or the Administrative Agent as may be necessary for the Borrower and the Administrative Agent to comply with their obligations under FATCA and to determine that such Lender has complied with such Lender s obligations under FATCA or to determine the amount to deduct and withhold from such payment. Solely for purposes of this clause (D), FATCA shall include any amendments made to FATCA after the date of this Agreement. Each Lender agrees that if any form or certification it previously delivered expires or becomes obsolete or inaccurate in any respect, it shall update such form or certification or promptly notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent in writing of its legal inability to do so. (g) Treatment of Certain Refunds. If any party determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it has received a refund of any Taxes as to which it has been indemnified pursuant to this Section 2.17 (including by the payment of additional amounts pursuant to this Section 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 69 - 2.17), it shall pay to the indemnifying party an amount equal to such refund (but only to the extent of indemnity payments made under this Section 2.17 with respect to the Taxes giving rise to such refund), net of all out-of-pocket expenses (including Taxes) of such indemnified party and without interest (other than any interest paid by the relevant Governmental Authority with respect to such refund). Such indemnifying party, upon the request of such indemnified party, shall repay to such indemnified party the amount paid over pursuant to this paragraph (g) (plus any penalties, interest or other charges imposed by the relevant Governmental Authority) in the event that such indemnified party is required to repay such refund to such Governmental Authority. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in this paragraph (g), in no event will the indemnified party be required to pay any amount to an indemnifying party pursuant to this paragraph (g) the payment of which would place the indemnified party in a less favorable net after-Tax position than the indemnified party would have been in if the Tax subject to indemnification and giving rise to such refund had not been deducted, withheld or otherwise imposed and the indemnification payments or additional amounts giving rise to such refund had never been paid. This paragraph (g) shall not be construed to require any indemnified party to make available its Tax returns (or any other information relating to its Taxes that it deems confidential) to the indemnifying party or any other Person. (h) Survival. Each party s obligations under this Section 2.17 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent or any assignment of rights by, or the replacement of, a Lender, the termination of the Commitments and the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all obligations under any Loan Document. (i) Defined Terms. For purposes of this Section 2.17, the term Lender includes any Issuing Bank and the term applicable law includes FATCA. SECTION 2.18. Payments Generally; Allocation of Proceeds; Sharing of Set-offs. (a) The Borrower shall make each payment required to be made by it hereunder (whether of principal, interest, fees or reimbursement of LC Disbursements, or of amounts payable under Sections 2.15, 2.16 or 2.17, or otherwise) prior to 2:00 p.m., New York time, on the date when due, in immediately available funds, without set-off or counterclaim (including, without limitation, any setoff, recoupment or counterclaim against any amount owed or claimed pursuant to any Material Contract between any Loan Party and Chase). Any amounts received after such time on any date may, in the discretion of the Administrative Agent, be deemed to have been received on the next succeeding Business Day for purposes of calculating interest thereon. All such payments shall be made to the Administrative Agent at its offices at JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A., 10 S. Dearborn St, L2, Chicago, IL 60603, except payments to be made directly to the Issuing Bank or Swingline Lender as expressly provided herein and except that payments pursuant to Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 shall be made directly to the Persons entitled thereto. The Administrative Agent shall distribute any such payments received by it for the account of any other Person to the appropriate recipient promptly following receipt thereof. Unless otherwise provided for herein, if any payment hereunder shall be due on a day that is not a Business Day, the date for payment shall be extended to the next succeeding Business Day, and, in the case of any payment accruing interest, interest thereon shall be payable for the period of such extension. All payments hereunder shall be made in dollars. (b) Any proceeds of Collateral received by the Administrative Agent (i) not constituting either (A) a specific payment of principal, interest, fees or other sum payable under the Loan Documents (which shall be applied as specified by the Borrower), or (B) a mandatory prepayment (which shall be applied in accordance with Section 2.11) or (ii) after an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing and the Administrative Agent so elects or the Required Lenders so direct, shall be applied ratably first, to pay any fees, indemnities, or expense reimbursements including amounts then due to the 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 70 - Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank from the Borrower (other than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), second, to pay any fees or expense reimbursements then due to the Lenders from the Borrower (other than in connection with Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations), third, to pay interest then due and payable on the Loans ratably, fourth, to prepay principal on the Loans and unreimbursed LC Disbursements and to pay any amounts owing with respect to Swap Agreement Obligations up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.22, ratably (with amounts allocated to the Term Loans of any Class applied to reduce the subsequent scheduled repayments of the Term Loans of such Class to be made pursuant to Section 2.10 to the next four installments thereof in direct order of maturity and then ratably based on the amount of such remaining scheduled repayments), fifth, to pay an amount to the Administrative Agent equal to one hundred five percent (105 of the aggregate LC Exposure, to be held as cash collateral for such Obligations, and sixth, to the payment of any amounts owing in respect of Banking Services Obligations up to and including the amount most recently provided to the Administrative Agent pursuant to Section 2.22, and seventh, to the payment of any other Secured Obligation due to the Administrative Agent or any Lender from the Borrower or any other Loan Party. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained in this Agreement, unless so directed by the Borrower, or unless a Default is in existence, neither the Administrative Agent nor any Lender shall apply any payment which it receives to any EurodollarTerm Benchmark Loan of a Class, except (i) on the expiration date of the Interest Period applicable thereto, or (ii) in the event, and only to the extent, that there are no outstanding ABR Loans of the same Class and, in any such event, the Borrower shall pay the break funding payment required in accordance with Section 2.16. The Administrative Agent and the Lenders shall have the continuing and exclusive right to apply and reverse and reapply any and all such proceeds and payments to any portion of the Secured Obligations. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Secured Obligations arising under Banking Services Obligations or Swap Agreement Obligations shall be excluded from the application described above and paid in clause seventh if the Administrative Agent has not received written notice thereof, together with such supporting documentation as the Administrative Agent may have reasonably requested from the applicable provider of such Banking Services or Swap Agreements. (c) At the election of the Administrative Agent, all payments of principal, interest, LC Disbursements, fees, premiums, reimbursable expenses (including, without limitation, all reimbursement for fees, costs and expenses pursuant to Section 9.03), and other sums payable under the Loan Documents, may be paid from the proceeds of Borrowings made hereunder, whether made following a request by the Borrower pursuant to Section 2.03 or 2.05 or a deemed request as provided in this Section or may be deducted from any deposit account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent. The Borrower hereby irrevocably authorizes (i) the Administrative Agent to make a Borrowing for the purpose of paying each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents and agrees that all such amounts charged shall constitute Loans (including Swingline Loans), and that all such Borrowings shall be deemed to have been requested pursuant to Sections 2.03 or 2.05, as applicable, and (ii) the Administrative Agent to charge any deposit account of the Borrower maintained with the Administrative Agent for each payment of principal, interest and fees as it becomes due hereunder or any other amount due under the Loan Documents. (d) If, except as otherwise expressly provided herein, any Lender shall, by exercising any right of set-off or counterclaim or otherwise, obtain payment in respect of any principal of or interest on any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements resulting in such Lender receiving payment of a greater proportion of the aggregate amount of its Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans and accrued interest thereon than the proportion received by any other similarly situated 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 71 - Lender, then the Lender receiving such greater proportion shall purchase (for cash at face value) participations in the Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans of other Lenders to the extent necessary so that the benefit of all such payments shall be shared by all such Lenders ratably in accordance with the aggregate amount of principal of and accrued interest on their respective Loans and participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans; provided that (i) if any such participations are purchased and all or any portion of the payment giving rise thereto is recovered, such participations shall be rescinded and the purchase price restored to the extent of such recovery, without interest, and (ii) the provisions of this paragraph shall not be construed to apply to any payment made by the Borrower pursuant to and in accordance with the express terms of this Agreement or any payment obtained by a Lender as consideration for the assignment or sale of a participation in any of its Loans or participations in LC Disbursements or Swingline Loans to any assignee or participant, other than to the Borrower or any Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof (as to which the provisions of this paragraph shall apply). The Borrower consents to the foregoing and agrees, to the extent it may effectively do so under applicable law, that any Lender acquiring a participation pursuant to the foregoing arrangements may exercise against the Borrower rights of set-off and counterclaim with respect to such participation as fully as if such Lender were a direct creditor of the Borrower in the amount of such participation. (e) Unless the Administrative Agent shall have received notice from the Borrower prior to the date on which any payment is due to the Administrative Agent for the account of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank hereunder that the Borrower will not make such payment, the Administrative Agent may assume that the Borrower has made such payment on such date in accordance herewith and may, in reliance upon such assumption, distribute to the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, the amount due. In such event, if the Borrower has not in fact made such payment, then each of the Lenders or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be, severally agrees to repay to the Administrative Agent forthwith on demand the amount so distributed to such Lender or Issuing Bank with interest thereon, for each day from and including the date such amount is distributed to it to but excluding the date of payment to the Administrative Agent, at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation. (f) If any Lender shall fail to make any payment required to be made by it hereunder, then the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion (notwithstanding any contrary provision hereof), (i) apply any amounts thereafter received by the Administrative Agent for the account of such Lender to satisfy such Lender s obligations hereunder until all such unsatisfied obligations are fully paid and/or (ii) hold any such amounts in a segregated account as cash collateral for, and application to, any future funding obligations of such Lender hereunder. Application of amounts pursuant to (i) and (ii) above shall be made in such order as may be determined by the Administrative Agent in its discretion. (g) The Administrative Agent may from time to time provide the Borrower with account statements or invoices with respect to any of the Secured Obligations (the Statements ). The Administrative Agent is under no duty or obligation to provide Statements, which, if provided, will be solely for the Borrower s convenience. Statements may contain estimates of the amounts owed during the relevant billing period, whether of principal, interest, fees or other Secured Obligations. If the Borrower pays the full amount indicated on a Statement on or before the due date indicated on such Statement, the Borrower shall not be in default of payment with respect to the billing period indicated on such Statement; provided, that acceptance by the Administrative Agent, on behalf of the Lenders, of any payment that is less than the total amount actually due at that time (including but not limited to any past due amounts) shall not constitute a waiver of the Administrative Agent s or the Lenders right to receive payment in full at another time. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 72 - SECTION 2.19. Mitigation Obligations; Replacement of Lenders. (a) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, then such Lender shall use reasonable efforts to designate a different lending office for funding or booking its Loans hereunder or to assign its rights and obligations hereunder to another of its offices, branches or affiliates, if, in the judgment of such Lender, such designation or assignment (i) would eliminate or reduce amounts payable pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17, as the case may be, in the future and (ii) would not subject such Lender to any unreimbursed cost or expense and would not otherwise be disadvantageous to such Lender. The Borrower hereby agrees to pay all reasonable costs and expenses incurred by any Lender in connection with any such designation or assignment. (b) If any Lender requests compensation under Section 2.15, or if the Borrower is required to pay any Indemnified Taxes or additional amounts to any Lender or any Governmental Authority for the account of any Lender pursuant to Section 2.17, or if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the Borrower may, at its sole expense and effort, upon notice to such Lender and the Administrative Agent, require such Lender to assign and delegate, without recourse (in accordance with and subject to the restrictions contained in Section 9.04), all its interests, rights (other than its existing rights to payments pursuant to Sections 2.15 or 2.17) and obligations under this Agreement and other Loan Documents to an assignee that shall assume such obligations (which assignee may be another Lender, if a Lender accepts such assignment); provided that (i) the Borrower shall have received the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent (and in circumstances where its consent would be required under Section 9.04, the Issuing Bank and the Swingline Lender), which consent shall not unreasonably be withheld, (ii) such Lender shall have received payment of an amount equal to the outstanding principal of its Loans and funded participations in LC Disbursements and Swingline Loans, accrued interest thereon, accrued fees and all other amounts payable to it hereunder, from the assignee (to the extent of such outstanding principal and accrued interest and fees) or the Borrower (in the case of all other amounts) and (iii) in the case of any such assignment resulting from a claim for compensation under Section 2.15 or payments required to be made pursuant to Section 2.17, such assignment will result in a reduction in such compensation or payments. A Lender shall not be required to make any such assignment and delegation if, prior thereto, as a result of a waiver by such Lender or otherwise, the circumstances entitling the Borrower to require such assignment and delegation cease to apply. SECTION 2.20. Defaulting Lenders. Notwithstanding any provision of this Agreement to the contrary, if any Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender, then the following provisions shall apply for so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender: (a) fees shall cease to accrue on the unfunded portion of the Revolving Commitment of such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(a); (b) such Defaulting Lender shall not have the right to vote on any issue on which voting is required (other than to the extent expressly provided in Section 9.02(b)) and the Commitment and Revolving Exposure and, if applicable, Term Commitment and Term Loans of such Defaulting Lender shall not be included in determining whether the Required Lenders have taken or may take any action hereunder or under any other Loan Document; provided that, except as otherwise provided in Section 9.02, this clause (b) shall not apply to the vote of a Defaulting Lender in the case of an 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 73 - amendment, waiver or other modification requiring the consent of such Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby; (c) if any Swingline Exposure or LC Exposure exists at the time such Lender becomes a Defaulting Lender then: (i) all or any part of the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of such Defaulting Lender (other than the portion of such Swingline Exposure referred to in clause (b) of the definition of such term) shall be reallocated among the non-Defaulting Lenders in accordance with their respective Applicable Percentages but only (x) to the extent that the conditions set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied at the time of such reallocation (and, unless the Borrower shall have otherwise notified the Administrative Agent at such time, the Borrower shall be deemed to have represented and warranted that such conditions are satisfied at such time) and (y) to the extent that such reallocation does not, as to any non-Defaulting Lender, cause such non-Defaulting Lender s Revolving Exposure to exceed its Revolving Commitment; (ii) if the reallocation described in clause (i) above cannot, or can only partially, be effected, the Borrower shall within one (1) Business Day following notice by the Administrative Agent (x) first, prepay such Swingline Exposure and (y) second, cash collateralize, for the benefit of the Issuing Bank, the Borrower s obligations corresponding to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure (after giving effect to any partial reallocation pursuant to clause (i) above) in accordance with the procedures set forth in Section 2.06(j) for so long as such LC Exposure is outstanding; (iii) if the Borrower cash collateralizes any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure pursuant to clause (ii) above, the Borrower shall not be required to pay any fees to such Defaulting Lender pursuant to Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure during the period such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is cash collateralized; (iv) if the LC Exposure of the non-Defaulting Lenders is reallocated pursuant to clause (i) above, then the fees payable to the Lenders pursuant to Sections 2.12(a) and 2.12(b) shall be adjusted in accordance with such non-Defaulting Lenders Applicable Percentages; and (v) if all or any portion of such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure is neither reallocated nor cash collateralized pursuant to clause (i) or (ii) above, then, without prejudice to any rights or remedies of the Issuing Bank or any other Lender hereunder, all letter of credit fees payable under Section 2.12(b) with respect to such Defaulting Lender s LC Exposure shall be payable to the Issuing Bank until and to the extent that such LC Exposure is reallocated and/or cash collateralized; and (d) so long as such Lender is a Defaulting Lender, the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend, renew, extend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless it is satisfied that the related exposure and such Defaulting Lender s then outstanding LC Exposure will be 100 covered by the Commitments of the non-Defaulting Lenders and/or cash collateral will be provided by the Borrower in accordance with Section 2.20(c), and LC Exposure related to any newly issued or increased Letter of Credit shall be allocated among non-Defaulting Lenders in a manner consistent with Section 2.20(c)(i) (and such Defaulting Lender shall not participate therein). If (i) a Bankruptcy Event or a Bail-In Action with respect to the Parent of any Lender shall occur following the date hereof and for so long as such event shall continue or (ii) the Issuing Bank has a good faith belief that any Lender has defaulted in fulfilling its obligations under one or more other agreements 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 74 - in which such Lender commits to extend credit, the Issuing Bank shall not be required to issue, amend or increase any Letter of Credit, unless the Issuing Bank shall have entered into arrangements with the Borrower or such Lender, reasonably satisfactory to the Issuing Bank, to defease any risk to it in respect of such Lender hereunder. In the event that each of the Administrative Agent, the Borrower, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank agrees that a Defaulting Lender has adequately remedied all matters that caused such Lender to be a Defaulting Lender, then the Swingline Exposure and LC Exposure of the Lenders shall be readjusted to reflect the inclusion of such Lender s Revolving Commitment and on the date of such readjustment such Lender shall purchase at par such of the Loans of the other Lenders (other than Swingline Loans) as the Administrative Agent shall determine may be necessary in order for such Lender to hold such Loans in accordance with its Applicable Percentage. SECTION 2.21. Returned Payments. If, after receipt of any payment which is applied to the payment of all or any part of the Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff), the Administrative Agent or any Lender is for any reason compelled to surrender such payment or proceeds to any Person because such payment or application of proceeds is invalidated, declared fraudulent, set aside, determined to be void or voidable as a preference, impermissible setoff, or a diversion of trust funds, or for any other reason (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by the Administrative Agent or such Lender in its discretion), then the Obligations or part thereof intended to be satisfied shall be revived and continued and this Agreement shall continue in full force as if such payment or proceeds had not been received by the Administrative Agent or such Lender. The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall be and remain effective notwithstanding any contrary action which may have been taken by the Administrative Agent or any Lender in reliance upon such payment or application of proceeds. The provisions of this Section 2.21 shall survive the termination of this Agreement. SECTION 2.22. Banking Services and Swap Agreements. Each Lender or Affiliate thereof providing Banking Services for, or having Swap Agreements with, any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or Affiliate of a Loan Party shall deliver to the Administrative Agent, promptly after entering into such Banking Services or Swap Agreements, written notice setting forth the aggregate amount of all Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement Obligations of such Loan Party or Subsidiary or Affiliate thereof to such Lender or Affiliate (whether matured or unmatured, absolute or contingent). In furtherance of that requirement, each such Lender or Affiliate thereof shall furnish the Administrative Agent, from time to time after a significant change therein or upon a request therefor, a summary of the amounts due or to become due in respect of such Banking Services Obligations and Swap Agreement Obligations. The most recent information provided to the Administrative Agent shall be used in determining which tier of the waterfall, contained in Section 2.18(b), such Banking Services Obligations and/or Swap Agreement Obligations will be placed. ARTICLE III Representations and Warranties Each Loan Party represents and warrants to the Lenders that (and where applicable, agrees): SECTION 3.01. Organization; Powers. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is duly organized, validly existing and in good standing under the laws of the jurisdiction of its organization, has all requisite power and authority to carry on its business as now conducted and, except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, is qualified to do business in, and is in good standing in, every jurisdiction where such qualification is required. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 75 - SECTION 3.02. Authorization; Enforceability. The Transactions are within each Loan Party s organizational powers and have been duly authorized by all necessary organizational actions and, if required, actions by equity holders. Each Loan Document to which each Loan Party is a party has been duly executed and delivered by such Loan Party and constitutes a legal, valid and binding obligation of such Loan Party, enforceable in accordance with its terms, subject to applicable bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization, moratorium or other laws affecting creditors rights generally and subject to general principles of equity, regardless of whether considered in a proceeding in equity or at law. SECTION 3.03. Governmental Approvals; No Conflicts. The Transactions (a) do not require any consent or approval of, registration or filing with, or any other action by, any Governmental Authority, except such as have been obtained or made and are in full force and effect and except for filings necessary to perfect Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents, (b) will not violate any Requirement of Law applicable to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (c) will not violate or result in a default under any material indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or the assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, and (d) will not result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, except Liens created pursuant to the Loan Documents. SECTION 3.04. Financial Condition; No Material Adverse Change. (a) The Borrower has heretofore furnished to the Lenders its consolidated balance sheet and statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows (i) as of and for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2020, reported on by Grant Thornton, independent public accountants, and (ii) as of and for the fiscal month and the portion of the fiscal year ended October 31, 2021, certified by its chief financial officer. Such financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position and results of operations and cash flows of the Borrower and its consolidated Subsidiaries as of such dates and for such periods in accordance with GAAP, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments all of which, when taken as a whole, would not be materially adverse and the absence of footnotes in the case of the statements referred to in clause (ii) above. (b) Since December 31, 2020, no Material Adverse Effect has occurred. SECTION 3.05. Properties. (a) As of the date of this Agreement, no Loan Party owns any real property and Schedule 3.05 sets forth the address of each parcel of real property that is leased by any Loan Party. Each of such leases and subleases is valid and enforceable in accordance with its terms and is in full force and effect, and no default by any party to any such lease or sublease exists. Each of the Loan Parties and each Subsidiary has good and indefeasible title to, or, to the Borrower s knowledge, valid leasehold interests in, all of its real and personal property material to its business, except for minor defects in title that do not interfere in any material respect with its ability to conduct its business as currently conducted or to utilize such properties for their intended purposes, free of all Liens other than those permitted by Section 6.02. (b) Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary owns, or is licensed to use, all trademarks, tradenames, copyrights, patents and other intellectual property necessary to its business as currently conducted, a correct and complete list of which, as of the date of this Agreement, is set forth on Schedule 3.05, and the use thereof by each Loan Party and each Subsidiary and, to the Borrower s knowledge, does not infringe in any material respect upon the rights of any other Person, except for any such infringements (or ownership or license issues) that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 76 - to result in a Material Adverse Effect, and each Loan Party s and each Subsidiary s rights thereto are not subject to any licensing agreement or similar arrangement. SECTION 3.06. Litigation and Environmental Matters. (a) There are no actions, suits or proceedings by or before any arbitrator or Governmental Authority pending against or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened in writing against or affecting any Loan Party or any Subsidiary (i) as to which there is a reasonable possibility of an adverse determination and that, if adversely determined, would reasonably be expected, individually or in the aggregate, to result in a Material Adverse Effect (other than the Disclosed Matters set forth on Schedule 3.06) or (ii) that involve any Loan Document or the Transactions. (b) Except for the Disclosed Matters, (i) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary has received written notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability or knows of any basis for any Environmental Liability, in either case which would be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect and (ii) except with respect to any other matters that, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, no Loan Party or any Subsidiary (A) has failed to comply with any Environmental Law or to obtain, maintain or comply with any permit, license or other approval required under any Environmental Law (B) is subject to any Environmental Liability, or (C) has received written notice of any claim with respect to any Environmental Liability. (c) Since the date of this Agreement, there has been no change in the status of the Disclosed Matters that, individually or in the aggregate, has resulted in, or materially increased the likelihood of, a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 3.07. Compliance with Laws and Agreements; No Default. Except where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, each Loan Party and each Subsidiary is in compliance with (i) all Requirements of Law applicable to it or its property and (ii) all indentures, agreements and other instruments binding upon it or its property. No Default has occurred and is continuing. SECTION 3.08. Investment Company Status. No Loan Party or any Subsidiary is an investment company as defined in, or subject to regulation under, the Investment Company Act of 1940. SECTION 3.09. Taxes. Each Loan Party and each Subsidiary has timely filed or caused to be filed all federal income Tax returns and all other material Tax returns and reports required to have been filed and has paid or caused to be paid all Taxes required to have been paid by it, except (a) Taxes that are being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and for which such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, as applicable, has set aside on its books adequate reserves or (b) to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. No tax liens have been filed and no claims are being asserted with respect to any such taxes. SECTION 3.10. ERISA. No ERISA Event has occurred or is reasonably expected to occur that, when taken together with all other such ERISA Events for which liability is reasonably expected to occur, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. The present value of all accumulated benefit obligations under each Plan (based on the assumptions used for purposes of Statement of Financial Accounting Standards No. 87) did not, as of the date of the most recent financial statements reflecting such amounts, exceed the fair market value of the assets of such Plan. SECTION 3.11.Disclosure. (a) The Loan Parties have disclosed to the Lenders all agreements, instruments and corporate or other restrictions to which any Loan Party or any Subsidiary is subject, and 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 77 - all other matters known to it, that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. None of the reports, financial statements, certificates or other information furnished by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to the Administrative Agent or any Lender in connection with the negotiation of this Agreement or any other Loan Document (as modified or supplemented by other information so furnished), taken as a whole, contains any material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein (taken as a whole), in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading; provided that, with respect to forecasts or projected financial information, the Loan Parties represent only that such information was prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time delivered and, if such projected financial information was delivered prior to the Restatement Date, as of the Restatement Date (it being understood by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders that any such projections are subject to significant uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond the control of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries, that no assurances can be given that such projections will be realized and that actual results may differ materially from such projections). (b) As of the Restatement Date, the information included in the Beneficial Ownership Certification provided on or prior to the Restatement Date to any Lender in connection with this Agreement is true and correct in all respects. SECTION 3.12. Material Contracts. All Material Contracts to which any Loan Party is a party or is bound as of the date of this Agreement are listed on Schedule 3.12. No Loan Party is in default in the performance, observance or fulfillment of any of the obligations, covenants or conditions contained in (i) any Material Contract to which it is a party or (ii) any agreement or instrument evidencing or governing Indebtedness, except to the extent that any such default (other than any payment default) has not resulted in, and would not reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 3.13. Solvency. (a) Immediately after the consummation of the Transactions to occur on the Restatement Date, (i) the fair value of the assets of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, at a fair valuation, will exceed their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise; (ii) the present fair saleable value of the property of the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, will be greater than the amount that will be required to pay the probable liability of their debts and other liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and other liabilities become absolute and matured; (iii) the Loan Parties, taken as whole, will be able to pay their debts and liabilities, subordinated, contingent or otherwise, as such debts and liabilities become absolute and matured; and (iv) the Loan Parties, taken as a whole, will not have unreasonably small capital with which to conduct the business in which it is engaged as such business is now conducted and is proposed to be conducted after the Restatement Date. (b) No Loan Party intends to, nor will permit any Subsidiary to, and no Loan Party believes that it or any Subsidiary will, incur debts beyond its ability to pay such debts as they mature, taking into account the timing of and amounts of cash to be received by it or any such Subsidiary and the timing of the amounts of cash to be payable on or in respect of its Indebtedness or the Indebtedness of any such Subsidiary. SECTION 3.14. Insurance. Schedule 3.14 sets forth a description of all insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries as of the Restatement Date. As of the Restatement Date, all premiums in respect of such insurance have been paid. The Loan Parties believe that the insurance maintained by or on behalf of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries is adequate and is customary for companies engaged in the same or similar businesses operating in the same or similar locations. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 78 - SECTION 3.15. Capitalization and Subsidiaries. Schedule 3.15 sets forth as of the Restatement Date (a) a correct and complete list of the name and relationship to Holdings of each Subsidiary, (b) a true and complete listing of each class of each of Holdings authorized Equity Interests, of which all of such issued Equity Interests are validly issued, outstanding, fully paid and non-assessable, and owned beneficially and of record by the Persons identified on Schedule 3.15, and (c) the type of entity of the Borrower, Holdings and each Subsidiary. All of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests owned by any Loan Party have been (to the extent such concepts are relevant with respect to such ownership interests) duly authorized and issued and are fully paid and non-assessable. SECTION 3.16. Security Interest in Collateral. The provisions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents create legal and valid Liens on all the Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, and, upon the filing of the UCC financing statements attached as Exhibit 3.16 in the applicable jurisdiction set forth on such schedule, such Liens constitute perfected and continuing Liens on the Collateral, securing the Secured Obligations, enforceable against the applicable Loan Party and all third parties, and having priority over all other Liens on the Collateral except in the case of (a) Permitted Encumbrances, to the extent any such Permitted Encumbrances would have priority over the Liens in favor of the Administrative Agent pursuant to any applicable law or agreement, (b) Liens perfected only by possession or control (including possession of any certificate of title), to the extent the Administrative Agent has not obtained or does not maintain possession or control of such Collateral and (c) Liens on vehicles with a certificate of title. SECTION 3.17. Employment Matters. As of the Restatement Date, there are no strikes, lockouts or slowdowns against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary pending or, to the knowledge of any Loan Party, threatened in writing that individually or in the aggregate would reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. The hours worked by and payments made to employees of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries have not been in violation of the Fair Labor Standards Act or any other applicable federal, state, local or foreign law dealing with such matters that would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. All material payments due from any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or for which any claim may be made against any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, on account of wages and employee health and welfare insurance and other benefits, have been paid or accrued as a liability on the books of such Loan Party or such Subsidiary, except to the extent being contested in good faith. SECTION 3.18. Federal Reserve Regulations. No part of the proceeds of any Loan or Letter of Credit has been used or will be used, whether directly or indirectly, for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. SECTION 3.19. Use of Proceeds. The proceeds of the Loans have been used and will be used, whether directly or indirectly as set forth in Section 5.08. SECTION 3.20. No Burdensome Restrictions. No Loan Party is subject to any Burdensome Restrictions except Burdensome Restrictions permitted under Section 6.10. SECTION 3.21. Anti-Corruption Laws and Sanctions. Each Loan Party has implemented and maintains in effect policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions, and such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective officers and employees and to the knowledge of such Loan Party its directors and agents, are in compliance with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions in all material respects. None of (a) any Loan Party, any Subsidiary, any of their respective directors, officers or employees, or (b) to the knowledge of any such Loan Party or Subsidiary, any agent of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary that will act in any capacity in connection with or benefit from the credit facility established hereby, is a Sanctioned Person. No Borrowing or Letter 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 79 - of Credit, use of proceeds, Transaction or other transaction contemplated by this Agreement or the other Loan Documents will violate Anti-Corruption Laws or applicable Sanctions. SECTION 3.22. Affiliate Transactions. Except as set forth on Schedule 3.22, as of the date of this Agreement, there are no existing or proposed agreements, arrangements, understandings or transactions between any Loan Party and any of the officers, members, managers, directors, stockholders, parents, holders of other Equity Interests, employees or Affiliates (other than Subsidiaries) of any Loan Party or any members of their respective immediate families, and none of the foregoing Persons are directly or indirectly indebted to or have any direct or indirect ownership, partnership, or voting interest in any Affiliate of any Loan Party or any Person with which any Loan Party has a business relationship or which competes with any Loan Party. SECTION 3.23. EEA Financial Institutions. No Loan Party is an EEA Financial Institution. ARTICLE IV Conditions SECTION 4.01. Restatement Date. The obligations of the Lenders to make Loans and of the Issuing Bank to issue Letters of Credit hereunder shall not become effective until the date on which each of the following conditions is satisfied (or waived in accordance with Section 9.02): (a) Credit Agreement and Loan Documents. The Administrative Agent (or its counsel) shall have received (i) from each party hereto a counterpart of this Agreement signed on behalf of such party (which, subject to Section 9.06(b), may include any Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page) and (ii) duly executed copies of the Loan Documents and such other certificates, documents, instruments and agreements as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request in connection with the transactions contemplated by this Agreement and the other Loan Documents, including any promissory notes requested by a Lender pursuant to Section 2.10 payable to the order of each such requesting Lender and a written opinion of the Loan Parties counsel, addressed to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders, in form and substance satisfactory the Administrative Agent. (b) Financial Statements and Projections. The Lenders shall have received (i) satisfactory audited consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for the two most recent fiscal years ended prior to the Restatement Date as to which such financial statements are available, (ii) satisfactory unaudited interim consolidated financial statements of the Borrower for each fiscal month and fiscal quarter ended subsequent to the date of the latest financial statements delivered pursuant to clause (i) of this paragraph as to which such financial statements are available, including the period ending September 30, 2021, and (iii) the Borrower s most recent projected income statement, balance sheet and cash flows for the five year period following the month most recently ended prior to the Restatement Date. (c) Closing Certificates; Certified Certificate of Incorporation; Good Standing Certificates. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) a certificate of each Loan Party, dated the Restatement Date and executed by its Secretary, Assistant Secretary or other executive officer of such Loan Party, which shall (A) certify the resolutions of its Board of Directors, members or other body authorizing the execution, delivery and performance of the Loan Documents to which it is a party, (B) identify by name and title and bear the signatures of the officers of such Loan Party authorized to sign the Loan Documents to which it is a party and, in the case of the Borrower, its Financial Officers, (C) contain appropriate attachments, including the charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation of each Loan Party certified by the relevant authority of the jurisdiction of organization of such Loan Party 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 80 - and a true and correct copy of its bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents and (D) contain true, correct, and complete copies of the Merger Agreement and each other primary document executed in connection with the Merger, duly executed by each party thereto, and (ii) a good standing certificate for each Loan Party from its jurisdiction of organization. (d) No Default Certificate. The Administrative Agent shall have received a certificate, signed by the chief financial officer of the Borrower and each other Loan Party, dated as of the Restatement Date (i) stating that no Default has occurred and is continuing, (ii) stating that the representations and warranties contained in the Loan Documents are true and correct in all material respects as of such date, and (iii) certifying as to any other factual matters as may be reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent. (e) Reaffirmation Agreement. The Reaffirmation Agreement shall have been duly executed by each party thereto, together with UCC financing statements and other applicable documents under the laws of all necessary or appropriate jurisdictions, if any, required with respect to the perfection of the Liens granted under the Collateral Documents, as requested by the Administrative Agent in order to perfect such Liens, duly authorized by the Loan Parties. (f) Fees. The Lenders and the Administrative Agent shall have received all reasonable and out-of-pocket fees required to be paid, and all reasonable expenses required to be reimbursed for which invoices have been presented (including the reasonable fees and expenses of legal counsel), on or before the Restatement Date. All such amounts will be paid with proceeds of Loans made on the Restatement Date and will be reflected in the funding instructions given by the Borrower to the Administrative Agent on or before the Restatement Date. (g) Lien Searches. The Administrative Agent shall have received the results of a recent lien search in the jurisdiction of organization of each Loan Party and each jurisdiction where assets of the Loan Parties are located, and such search shall reveal no Liens on any of the assets of the Loan Parties except for liens permitted by Section 6.02 or discharged on or prior to the Restatement Date pursuant to a pay-off letter or other documentation satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (h) Funding Account. The Administrative Agent shall have received a notice setting forth the deposit account of the Borrower (the Funding Account to which the Administrative Agent is authorized by the Borrower to transfer the proceeds of any Borrowings requested or authorized pursuant to this Agreement. (i) Solvency. The Administrative Agent shall have received a solvency certificate signed by a Financial Officer dated the Restatement Date in form and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent. (j) Pledged Equity Interests; Stock Powers; Pledged Notes. The Administrative Agent shall have received (i) the certificates representing the Equity Interests pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, if any, together with an undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof, (ii) the certificates representing the Equity Interests pledged pursuant to the Pledge Agreement, if any, together with an undated stock power for each such certificate executed in blank by a duly authorized officer of the pledgor thereof, and (iii) each promissory note (if any) pledged to the Administrative Agent pursuant to the Security Agreement endorsed (without recourse) in blank (or accompanied by an executed transfer form in blank) by the pledgor thereof. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 81 - (k) Filings, Registrations and Recordings. Each document (including any Uniform Commercial Code financing statement) required by the Collateral Documents or under law or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to be filed, registered or recorded in order to create in favor of the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Secured Parties, a perfected Lien on the Collateral described therein, prior and superior in right to any other Person (other than with respect to Liens expressly permitted by Section 6.02), shall be in proper form for filing, registration or recordation. (l) Insurance. The Administrative Agent shall have received evidence of insurance coverage in form, scope, and substance reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and otherwise in compliance with the terms of Section 5.10 of this Agreement. (m) USA PATRIOT Act, Etc. (i) The Administrative Agent shall have received, at least five (5) days prior to the Restatement Date, all documentation and other information regarding the Borrower requested in connection with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act, to the extent requested in writing of the Borrower at least ten (10) days prior to the Restatement Date, and (ii) to the extent the Borrower qualifies as a legal entity customer under the Beneficial Ownership Regulation, at least five (5) days prior to the Restatement Date, any Lender that has requested, in a written notice to the Borrower at least ten (10) days prior to the Restatement Date, a Beneficial Ownership Certification in relation to the Borrower shall have received such Beneficial Ownership Certification (provided that, upon the execution and delivery by such Lender of its signature page to this Agreement, the condition set forth in this clause (ii) shall be deemed to be satisfied). (n) Other Documents. The Administrative Agent shall have received such other documents as the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender or their respective counsel may have reasonably requested. For purpose of determining compliance with the conditions specified in this Section 4.01, each Lender that has signed this Agreement shall be deemed to have accepted, and to be satisfied with, each document or other matter required under this Section 4.01 to be consented to or approved by or acceptable or satisfactory to a Lender unless the Administrative Agent shall have received written notice from such Lender prior to the proposed Restatement Date specifying its objection thereto. The Administrative Agent shall notify the Borrower, the Lenders and the Issuing Bank of the Restatement Date, and such notice shall be conclusive and binding. SECTION 4.02. Each Credit Event. The obligation of each Lender to make a Loan on the occasion of any Borrowing, and of the Issuing Bank to issue, amend, renew or extend any Letter of Credit, is subject to the satisfaction of the following conditions: (a) The representations and warranties of the Loan Parties set forth in the Loan Documents shall be true and correct in all material respects with the same effect as though made on and as of the date of such Borrowing or the date of issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable (it being understood and agreed that any representation or warranty which by its terms is made as of a specified date shall be required to be true and correct in all material respects only as of such specified date, and that any representation or warranty which is subject to any materiality qualifier shall be required to be true and correct in all respects). (b) At the time of and immediately after giving effect to such Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of such Letter of Credit, as applicable, no Default shall have occurred and be continuing. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 82 - (c) After giving effect to any Borrowing or the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit, Availability shall not be less than zero. (d) No Material Adverse Effect exists. Each Borrowing and each issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of a Letter of Credit shall be deemed to constitute a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in paragraphs (a) through (d) of this Section. Notwithstanding the failure to satisfy the conditions precedent set forth in paragraphs (a) or (b) or (d) of this Section, unless otherwise directed by the Required Lenders, the Administrative Agent may, but shall have no obligation to, continue to make Loans and an Issuing Bank may, but shall have no obligation to, issue, amend, renew or extend, or cause to be issued, amended, renewed or extended, any Letter of Credit for the ratable account and risk of Lenders from time to time if the Administrative Agent believes that making such Loans or issuing, amending, renewing or extending, or causing the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of, any such Letter of Credit is in the best interests of the Lenders. ARTICLE V Affirmative Covenants Until the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees payable hereunder shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated (or shall have been cash collateralized pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank), in each case without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that: SECTION 5.01. Financial Statements and Other Information. Holdings will furnish to the Administrative Agent on behalf of each Lender, including (other than with respect to clause (f) below) their Public-Siders: (a) within one hundred thirty (130) days after the end of each fiscal year of Holdings, its audited consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the previous fiscal year, all reported on by independent public accountants of recognized national standing (without a going concern or like qualification, commentary or exception, and without any qualification or exception as to the scope of such audit) to the effect that such consolidated financial statements present fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, accompanied by any management letter prepared by said accountants; (b) within forty-five (45) days after the end of each fiscal quarter of Holdings (other than the final fiscal quarter of each fiscal year), its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal quarter and the then elapsed portion of such fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 83 - (c) until the Merger Effective Date, within thirty (30) days after the end of each fiscal month of Holdings (other than the end of each fiscal quarter), its consolidated balance sheet and related statements of operations, stockholders equity and cash flows as of the end of and for such fiscal month and the then elapsed portion of the fiscal year, setting forth in each case in comparative form the figures for the corresponding period or periods of (or, in the case of the balance sheet, as of the end of) the previous fiscal year, all certified by a Financial Officer as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes; (d) to the extent that Holdings represents and warrants that it, its controlling Person and any Subsidiary, in each case, if any, either (i) has no registered or publicly traded securities outstanding, or (ii) files its financial statements with the SEC and/or makes its financial statements available to potential holders of its 144A securities, then, accordingly, Holdings hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to make the financial statements to be provided under Section 5.01(a), (b) and (c) above (collectively or individually, as the context requires, the Financial Statements ), along with the Loan Documents, available to Public-Siders. Holdings will not request that any other material be posted to Public-Siders without expressly representing and warranting to the Administrative Agent in writing that such materials do not constitute material non-public information within the meaning of the federal securities laws or that Holdings has no outstanding publicly traded securities, including 144A securities. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, in no event shall Holdings request that the Administrative Agent make available to Public-Siders budgets or any certificates, reports or calculations with respect to Holdings compliance with the covenants contained herein. (e) concurrently with any delivery of the Financial Statements under clauses (a) and (b) above, a certificate of a Financial Officer in substantially the form of Exhibit D (i) certifying, in the case of the Financial Statements delivered under clause (b) above, as presenting fairly in all material respects the financial condition and results of operations of Holdings and its consolidated Subsidiaries on a consolidated basis in accordance with GAAP consistently applied, subject to normal year-end audit adjustments and the absence of footnotes, (ii) certifying as to whether a Default has occurred and, if a Default has occurred, specifying the details thereof and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto, (iii) setting forth reasonably detailed calculations demonstrating compliance with Section 6.12 and (iv) stating whether any change in GAAP or in the application thereof has occurred since the date of the audited financial statements referred to in Section 3.04 and, if any such change has occurred, specifying the effect of such change on the Financial Statements accompanying such certificate; (f) as soon as available, but in any event no later than thirty (30) days following the end of each fiscal year of Holdings, a copy of the plan and forecast (including a projected consolidated and consolidating balance sheet, income statement and cash flow statement) of Holdings for each fiscal quarter of such fiscal year (the Projections in form reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; (g) promptly after any request therefor by the Administrative Agent or any Lender, copies of (i) any documents described in Section 101(k)(1) of ERISA that Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan and (ii) any notices described in Section 101(l)(1) of ERISA that Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate may request with respect to any Multiemployer Plan; provided that if Holdings or any ERISA Affiliate has not requested such documents or notices from the administrator or sponsor of the applicable Multiemployer Plan, Holdings or the applicable ERISA Affiliate shall promptly make a request for such documents and notices from such administrator or sponsor and shall provide copies of such documents and notices promptly after receipt thereof; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 84 - (h) promptly following any request therefor, (x) such other information regarding the operations, material changes in ownership of Equity Interests, business affairs and financial condition of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, necessary to evidence compliance with the terms of this Agreement, as the Administrative Agent or any Lender may reasonably request and (y) information and documentation reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent or any Lender for purposes of compliance with applicable know your customer and anti-money laundering rules and regulations, including the USA PATRIOT Act and the Beneficial Ownership Regulation. SECTION 5.02. Notices of Material Events. The Borrower will furnish to the Administrative Agent prompt (but in any event within any time period that may be specified below) written notice of the following upon a Responsible Officer of the Borrower having actual knowledge thereof: (a) the occurrence of any Default or Event of Default; (b) receipt of any written notice of any investigation by a Governmental Authority or any litigation or proceeding commenced or threatened in writing against any Loan Party or the occurrence of any other event, if the same would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; (c) within two (2) Business Days after the occurrence thereof, any Loan Party entering into a Swap Agreement or an amendment to a Swap Agreement, together with copies of all agreements evidencing such Swap Agreement or amendment; (d) any notice of default under, or other material notice under, or any amendment that is adverse to the Lenders pursuant to the terms of, any Material Contract and any renewal of, or any termination or expiration of, any Material Contract; (e) any significant adverse change in the Borrower s or any Subsidiary s relationship with (A) any customer (or related group of customers) representing more than 25 of the Borrower s consolidated revenues during its most recent fiscal year, or (B) any supplier that is material to the operations of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries considered as an entirety, which, in each case, in the Borrower s reasonable judgment would be reasonably likely to have a Material Adverse Effect; (f) any other development that results in, or would reasonably be expected to result in, a Material Adverse Effect; and (g) any change in the information provided in the Beneficial Ownership Certification delivered to such Lender that would result in a change to the list of beneficial owners identified in such certification. Each notice delivered under this Section shall be accompanied by a statement of a Financial Officer or Responsible Officer of the Borrower setting forth the details of the event or development requiring such notice and any action taken or proposed to be taken with respect thereto. SECTION 5.03. Existence; Conduct of Business. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (a) do or cause to be done all things necessary to preserve, renew and keep in full force and effect its legal existence and the rights, qualifications, licenses, permits, franchises, governmental authorizations, intellectual property rights, licenses and permits material to the conduct of its business, and maintain all requisite authority to conduct its business in each jurisdiction in which its business is conducted except to the extent that the failure to do so would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not prohibit any merger, consolidation, liquidation or dissolution permitted under Section 6.03 and (ii) neither the Borrower nor any of its 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 85 - Subsidiaries shall be required to preserve any right, license, permit, privilege, franchise, patent, copyright, trademark or trade name if the Borrower or such Subsidiary shall determine that the preservation thereof is no longer desirable in the conduct of its business, and that the loss thereof is not disadvantageous in any material respect to the Borrower, such Subsidiary or any Lender, and (b) carry on and conduct its business in substantially the same manner and in substantially the same fields of enterprise as it is presently conducted. SECTION 5.04. Payment of Obligations. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, pay or discharge all Material Indebtedness and all other material liabilities and obligations, including material Taxes, before the same shall become delinquent or in default, except where (a) the validity or amount thereof is being contested in good faith by appropriate proceedings and such Loan Party has set aside on its books adequate reserves with respect thereto in accordance with GAAP or (b) the failure to make payment pending such contest would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; provided, however, that each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, remit withholding taxes and other payroll taxes to appropriate Governmental Authorities as and when claimed to be due, notwithstanding the foregoing exception under clause (b) above. SECTION 5.05. Maintenance of Properties. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, keep and maintain all property material to the conduct of its business in good working order and condition, ordinary wear and tear and casualty excepted. SECTION 5.06. Books and Records; Inspection Rights. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (a) keep proper books of record and account in which full, true and correct entries in conformity with GAAP and applicable law are made of all material financial dealings and transactions in relation to its business and activities and (b) permit any representatives designated by the Administrative Agent or any Lender (including employees of the Administrative Agent, any Lender or any consultants, accountants, lawyers, agents and appraisers retained by the Administrative Agent), upon reasonable prior written notice, to visit and inspect its properties, conduct at the Loan Party s premises field examinations of the Loan Party s assets, liabilities, books and records, including examining and making extracts from its books and records, environmental assessment reports and Phase I or Phase II studies, and to discuss its affairs, finances and condition with its Financial Officers and, if a Financial Officer is present, its independent accountants, all at such reasonable times and as often as reasonably requested; provided, however, that in no event shall such visitations, inspections or examinations occur more frequently than once per calendar year provided that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing. The Loan Parties acknowledge that the Administrative Agent, after exercising its rights of inspection, may prepare and distribute to the Lenders certain Reports pertaining to the Loan Parties assets for internal use by the Administrative Agent and the Lenders. SECTION 5.07. Compliance with Laws and Material Contractual Obligations. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, (i) comply with each Requirement of Law applicable to it or its property (including without limitation Environmental Laws) and (ii) perform in all material respects its obligations under material agreements to which it is a party, except, in each case, where the failure to do so, individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect. Each Loan Party will maintain in effect and enforce policies and procedures designed to ensure compliance by such Loan Party, its Subsidiaries and their respective directors, officers, employees and agents with Anti-Corruption Laws and applicable Sanctions. SECTION 5.08. Use of Proceeds. (a) The proceeds of the Loans and the Letters of Credit will be used only to refinance existing Indebtedness of the Borrower owing to the Lenders and to finance the working capital 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 86 - needs/for general corporate purposes of the Borrower and its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business and to fund the Merger Effective Date Dividend. No part of the proceeds of any Loan and no Letter of Credit will be used, whether directly or indirectly, (i) for any purpose that entails a violation of any of the Regulations of the Board, including Regulations T, U and X. (b) The Borrower will not request any Borrowing or Letter of Credit, and the Borrower shall not use, and shall procure that its Subsidiaries and its or their respective directors, officers, employees and agents shall not use, the proceeds of any Borrowing or Letter of Credit (a) in furtherance of an offer, payment, promise to pay, or authorization of the payment or giving of money, or anything else of value, to any Person in violation of any Anti-Corruption Laws, (b) for the purpose of funding, financing or facilitating any activities, business or transaction of or with any Sanctioned Person, or in any Sanctioned Country, to the extent that such activities, businesses or transaction would be prohibited by Sanctions if conducted by a corporation incorporated in the United States or the European Union, or (c) in any manner that would result in the violation of any Sanctions applicable to any party hereto. SECTION 5.09. Accuracy of Information. The Loan Parties will ensure that any information, including financial statements or other documents, furnished to the Administrative Agent or the Lenders in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder contains no material misstatement of fact or omits to state any material fact necessary to make the statements therein, taken as a whole, in the light of the circumstances under which they were made, not misleading, when taken as a whole, and the furnishing of such information shall be deemed to be a representation and warranty by the Borrower on the date thereof as to the matters specified in this Section 5.09; provided that, with respect to the Projections, the Loan Parties will cause the Projections to be prepared in good faith based upon assumptions believed to be reasonable at the time. SECTION 5.10. Insurance. Each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, maintain with financially sound and reputable carriers (a) insurance in such amounts (with no greater risk retention) and against such risks and such hazards, as is maintained by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries as of the Restatement Date and (b) all insurance required pursuant to the Collateral Documents. The Borrower will furnish to the Lenders, upon request of the Administrative Agent, but no less frequently than annually, information in reasonable detail as to the insurance so maintained. SECTION 5.11. Material Contracts. Each Loan Party will perform and observe in all material respects all the terms and provisions of each Material Contract to be performed or observed by it, and no Loan Party will take any action that would cause any such Material Contract to not be in full force and effect, and cause each of its Subsidiaries to do so except, in each case, where the failure to do so, either individually or in the aggregate, would not reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect. SECTION 5.12. Casualty and Condemnation. The Borrower (a) will furnish to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders prompt written notice of any casualty or other insured damage to any material portion of the Collateral or the commencement of any action or proceeding for the taking of any material portion of the Collateral or interest therein under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding and (b) will ensure that the Net Proceeds of any such event (whether in the form of insurance proceeds, condemnation awards or otherwise) are collected and applied in accordance with the applicable provisions of this Agreement and the Collateral Documents. SECTION 5.13. Depository Banks. The Borrower will maintain the Administrative Agent as its principal depository bank, including for the maintenance of operating, administrative, cash management, collection activity, and other deposit accounts for the conduct of its business. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 87 - SECTION 5.14. Additional Collateral; Further Assurances. (a) Subject to applicable Requirements of Law, each Loan Party will cause each of its Subsidiaries formed or acquired after the date of this Agreement to become a Loan Party (other than (x) any Excluded Subsidiaries (other than any CFC Subsidiary) (unless such Excluded Subsidiary ceases to be an Excluded Subsidiary) and (y) any CFC Subsidiary to the extent such CFC Subsidiary becoming a Loan Party would cause materially adverse tax consequences to the Borrower), within 30 days of formation or acquisition of such Subsidiary (or, with respect to any Subsidiary of Merger Sub, on the Merger Effective Date), by executing a Joinder Agreement. Upon execution and delivery thereof, each such Person (i) shall automatically become a Loan Guarantor hereunder and thereupon shall have all of the rights, benefits, duties, and obligations in such capacity under the Loan Documents and (ii) will grant Liens to the Administrative Agent, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, in any property of such Loan Party which constitutes Collateral, including any parcel of real property located in the U.S. owned by any Loan Party. (b) Each Loan Party will cause 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of each of its Subsidiaries; provided that to the extent such pledges with respect to any CFC Subsidiary would cause materially adverse tax consequences, such pledges will be limited to (A) 65 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) and (B) 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests not entitled to vote (within the meaning of Treas. Reg. Section 1.956-2(c)(2)) in such CFC Subsidiary to be subject at all times to a first priority, perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the other Secured Parties, pursuant to the terms and conditions of the Loan Documents or other security documents as the Administrative Agent shall reasonably request. (c) Holdings will pledge and grant a first priority, perfected Lien in favor of the Administrative Agent in 100 of the issued and outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower. (d) Without limiting the foregoing, each Loan Party will, and will cause each Subsidiary to, execute and deliver, or cause to be executed and delivered, to the Administrative Agent such documents, agreements and instruments, and will take or cause to be taken such further actions (including the filing and recording of financing statements, fixture filings, Mortgages and other documents and such other actions or deliveries of the type required by Section 4.01, as applicable), which may be required by any Requirement of Law or which the Administrative Agent may, from time to time, reasonably request to carry out the terms and conditions of this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and to ensure perfection and priority of the Liens created or intended to be created by the Collateral Documents, all at the expense of the Loan Parties. (e) If any material assets (including any real property with a fair market value in excess of 10,000,000 or improvements thereto or any interest therein) are acquired by any Loan Party after the Restatement Date (other than assets constituting Collateral under the Security Agreement that become subject to the Lien under the Security Agreement upon acquisition thereof), the Borrower will (i) promptly, notify the Administrative Agent and the Lenders thereof, and, if requested by the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, cause such assets to be subjected to a Lien securing the Secured Obligations within 30 days of acquisition thereof and (ii) take, and cause each applicable Loan Party to take, such actions as shall be necessary or reasonably requested by the Administrative Agent to grant and perfect such Liens, including actions described in paragraph (c) of this Section, all at the expense of the Loan Parties. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 88 - SECTION 5.15.Lender Meetings The Loan Parties will, upon the request of the Administrative Agent or the Required Lenders, participate in a meeting of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders once during each fiscal year to be held at the Borrower s corporate offices (or at such other location as may be agreed to by the Borrower and Administrative Agent) at such time as may be agreed to by the Borrower and the Administrative Agent. SECTION 5.16.Post Closing Requirements. The Loan Parties shall perform or cause to be performed each of the conditions subsequent set forth in Schedule 5.16 within the time periods specified therein. SECTION 5.17.Merger. (a) Merger Agreement. If the Merger Effective Date occurs, (i) the Merger shall have been consummated in accordance with the Merger Agreement in all material respects (and no provision of the Merger Agreement shall have been waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including any consents thereunder) in a manner material and adverse to the Lenders without the consent of the Required Lenders), (ii) the consummation of the Merger will not (A) violate any Requirement of Law applicable to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (B) violate or result in a default under any material indenture, agreement or other instrument binding upon any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or the assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or give rise to a right thereunder to require any payment to be made by any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, or (C) result in the creation or imposition of any Lien on any asset of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, except Liens permitted under the Loan Documents. (b) Joinder Documentation. The Loan Parties shall cause any Subsidiaries of Merger Sub to be joined as Loan Parties in accordance with Section 5.14 on the Merger Effective Date (c) Pledge Agreement. The Loan Parties shall deliver the PubCo Pledge Agreement to the Administrative Agent, duly executed by each party thereto, on the Merger Effective Date and take all actions required thereunder. ARTICLE VI Negative Covenants Until the Commitments shall have expired or been terminated and the principal of and interest on each Loan and all fees, expenses and other amounts payable under any Loan Document shall have been paid in full and all Letters of Credit shall have expired or terminated (or shall have been cash collateralized pursuant to arrangements reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank), in each case without any pending draw, and all LC Disbursements shall have been reimbursed, each Loan Party executing this Agreement covenants and agrees, jointly and severally with all of the other Loan Parties, with the Lenders that: 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 89 - SECTION 6.01. Indebtedness. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or suffer to exist any Indebtedness, except: (a) the Secured Obligations; (b) Indebtedness existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.01 (excluding, however, following the making of the initial Loan hereunder, the Indebtedness to be repaid with the proceeds of such Loans as indicated on Schedule 6.01) and any amendments, modifications, extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) hereof; (c) Indebtedness of the Borrower to any Subsidiary and of any Subsidiary to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, provided that (i) Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party to the Borrower or any other Loan Party shall be subject to Section 6.04 and (ii) Indebtedness of any Loan Party to any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on terms reasonably satisfactory to the Administrative Agent; (d) Guarantees by the Borrower of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary and by any Subsidiary of Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary, provided that (i) the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is permitted by this Section 6.01, (ii) Guarantees by the Borrower or any other Loan Party of Indebtedness of any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be subject to Section 6.04 and (iii) Guarantees permitted under this clause (d) shall be subordinated to the Secured Obligations on the same terms as the Indebtedness so Guaranteed is subordinated to the Secured Obligations; (e) Indebtedness of the Borrower or any Subsidiary incurred to finance the acquisition, construction or improvement of any fixed or capital assets (whether or not constituting purchase money Indebtedness), including Capital Lease Obligations and any Indebtedness assumed in connection with the acquisition of any such assets or secured by a Lien on any such assets prior to the acquisition thereof, and amendments, modifications, extensions, renewals, refinancings and replacements of any such Indebtedness in accordance with clause (f) below; provided that (i) such Indebtedness is incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement and (ii) the aggregate outstanding principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (e) together with any Refinance Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted by clause (f) below, shall not exceed at any time outstanding the greater of (x) 10,000,000 and (y) 10 of EBITDA for the period of four fiscal quarters most recently ended as of such date of testing, in each case tested as of the date such Indebtedness is incurred; (f) Indebtedness which represents amendments, modifications, extensions, renewals, refinancing or replacements (such Indebtedness being so amended, modified, extended, renewed, refinanced or replaced being referred to herein as the Refinance Indebtedness of any of the Indebtedness described in clauses (b) and (e) and (i) and (j) hereof (such Indebtedness being referred to herein as the Original Indebtedness provided that (i) such Refinance Indebtedness does not increase the principal amount or interest rate of the Original Indebtedness, (ii) any Liens securing such Refinance Indebtedness are not extended to any additional property of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary, (iii) no Loan Party or any Subsidiary that is not originally obligated with respect to repayment of such Original Indebtedness is required to become obligated with respect to such Refinance Indebtedness, (iv) such Refinance Indebtedness does not result in a shortening of the average weighted maturity of such Original Indebtedness, (v) the terms of such Refinance Indebtedness are not less favorable to the obligor thereunder than the original terms of such Original Indebtedness and (vi) if such Original Indebtedness was subordinated in right of payment to the Secured Obligations, then the terms and conditions of such 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 90 - Refinance Indebtedness must include subordination terms and conditions that are at least as favorable to the Administrative Agent and the Lenders as those that were applicable to such Original Indebtedness; (g) Indebtedness owed to any Person providing workers compensation, health, disability or other employee benefits or property, casualty or liability insurance, pursuant to reimbursement or indemnification obligations to such Person, in each case incurred in the ordinary course of business; (h) Indebtedness of any Loan Party in respect of performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and similar obligations, in each case provided in the ordinary course of business, including guaranties or obligations with respect to letters of credit supporting such performance bonds, bid bonds, appeal bonds, surety bonds and similar obligations; (i) Indebtedness of any Person that becomes a Subsidiary after the date hereof; provided that (i) such Indebtedness exists at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary and is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such Person becoming a Subsidiary, (ii) such Indebtedness is either purchase money Indebtedness or a Capitalized Lease with respect to Equipment or mortgage financing with respect to Real Property, and (iii) the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness permitted by this clause (i) together with any Refinance Indebtedness in respect thereof permitted by clause (f) above, shall not exceed 5,000,000 at any time outstanding; (j) Indebtedness of the Borrower and their respective Subsidiaries under Hedge Agreements, provided such Hedge Agreements have been entered into in the ordinary course of business and not for speculative purposes; (k) unsecured Indebtedness representing deferred compensation or similar obligations to employees, officers and directors incurred (i) in the ordinary course of business or (ii) in connection with any Permitted Acquisition in an amount not to exceed 5,000,000; (l) Indebtedness in respect of judgments or awards under circumstances not giving rise to an Event of Default under Section 7.01(k); (m) Indebtedness consisting of deferred payments or financing of insurance premiums incurred in the ordinary course of business of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries; (n) Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.04(d) (o) on or after the Merger Effective Date, Unsecured Indebtedness under the Permitted Convertible Notes in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed 130,000,000; and (p) other unsecured Indebtedness of Borrower or its Subsidiaries in an aggregate principal amount not exceeding at any time outstanding the greater of (x) 5,000,000 and (y) 5 of EBITDA for the period of four fiscal quarters most recently ended as of such date of testing, in each case tested as of the date such Indebtedness is incurred. SECTION 6.02. Liens. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, create, incur, assume or permit to exist any Lien on any property or asset now owned or hereafter acquired by it, or assign or sell any income or revenues (including Accounts) or rights in respect of any thereof, except: (a) Liens created pursuant to any Loan Document; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 91 - (b) Permitted Encumbrances; (c) any Lien on any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary existing on the date hereof and set forth in Schedule 6.02 and any amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements thereof; provided that (i) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, other than improvements thereon and proceeds from the disposition of such property or asset and (ii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date hereof and amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; (d) Liens on fixed or capital assets acquired, constructed or improved by the Borrower or any Subsidiary; provided that (i) such Liens secure Indebtedness or Capital Lease Obligations permitted by clause (e) of Section 6.01, (ii) such Liens and the Indebtedness secured thereby are incurred prior to or within 180 days after such acquisition or the completion of such construction or improvement, (iii) the Indebtedness secured thereby does not exceed the cost of acquiring, constructing or improving such fixed or capital assets and (iv) such Liens shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Borrower or any Subsidiary other than improvements thereon or proceeds from the disposition of such property or assets; (e) any Lien existing on any Real Property or fixed asset prior to the acquisition thereof by the Borrower or any Subsidiary or existing on any Real Property or fixed of any Person that becomes a Loan Party after the date hereof prior to the time such Person becomes a Loan Party and any amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements thereof; provided that (i) such Lien is not created in contemplation of or in connection with such acquisition or such Person becoming a Loan Party, as the case may be, (ii) such Lien shall not apply to any other property or assets of the Loan Party and (iii) such Lien shall secure only those obligations which it secures on the date of such acquisition or the date such Person becomes a Loan Party, as the case may be, and amendments, modifications, extensions, refinancings, renewals and replacements thereof that do not increase the outstanding principal amount thereof; (f) Liens of a collecting bank arising in the ordinary course of business under Section 4-208 of the UCC in effect in the relevant jurisdiction covering only the items being collected upon; (g) Liens arising out of Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.06; (h) Liens granted by a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party in favor of the Borrower or another Loan Party in respect of Indebtedness owed by such Subsidiary; and (i) other Liens that do not secure borrowed money as to which the aggregate amount of the obligations secured thereby does not exceed 5,000,000. SECTION 6.03. Fundamental Changes. (a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, merge into or consolidate with any other Person, or permit any other Person to merge into or consolidate with it, or liquidate or dissolve, except that, if at the time thereof and immediately after giving effect thereto no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, (i) any Person (other than Holdings) may merge into or consolidate with the Borrower in a transaction in which the surviving entity is the Borrower, (ii) any Person (other than Holdings) may merge into or consolidate with any Subsidiary in a transaction in which the surviving entity is a Subsidiary and, if any party to such merger or consolidation is a Loan 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 92 - Party, such surviving entity is a Subsidiary or becomes a Subsidiary that is a Loan Party concurrently with such merger or consolidation, (iii) any Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party may liquidate or dissolve if the Borrower determines in good faith that such liquidation or dissolution is in the best interests of the Borrower and is not materially disadvantageous to the Lenders, and (iv) Pubco, Merger Sub, Holdings and LLR Equity Partners IV, L.P may effectuate the Merger prior to the Outside Merger Date in all material respects in accordance with the Merger Agreement, provided that no provision of the Merger Agreement shall have been waived, amended, supplemented or otherwise modified (including any consents thereunder) in a manner material and adverse to the Lenders without the consent of Lenders holding at least 50.1 of the Commitments (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld, delayed or conditioned); and provided, further that any such merger or consolidation involving a Person that is not a wholly owned Subsidiary immediately prior to such merger shall not be permitted unless also permitted by Section 6.04. (b) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, engage in any business other than businesses of the type conducted by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries on the date hereof and any business activities that are substantially similar, related or incidental thereto. (c) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to change its fiscal year or any fiscal quarter from the basis in effect on the Restatement Date. (d) No Loan Party will change the accounting basis upon which its financial statements are prepared. (e) No Loan Party will change the tax filing elections it has made under the Code. (f) Holdings will not engage in any business or activity other than the ownership of all of the outstanding Equity Interests of the Borrower and activities incidental thereto. Holdings will not own or acquire any assets (other than Equity Interests of the Borrower and the cash proceeds of any Restricted Payments permitted by Section 6.08) or incur any liabilities (other than liabilities under the Loan Documents and liabilities reasonably incurred in connection with its maintenance of its existence and its activities incidental to holding the Equity Interests of the Borrower (including the incurrence of D O insurance and engaging auditors)). SECTION 6.04. Investments, Loans, Advances, Guarantees and Acquisitions. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, or form any subsidiary after the Restatement Date in order to, purchase, hold or acquire (including pursuant to any merger with any Person that was not a Loan Party and a wholly owned Subsidiary prior to such merger) any Equity Interests, evidences of indebtedness or other securities (including any option, warrant or other right to acquire any of the foregoing) of, make or permit to exist any loans or advances to, Guarantee any obligations of, or make or permit to exist any investment or any other interest in, any other Person, or purchase or otherwise acquire (in one transaction or a series of transactions) all or substantially all of the assets of any Person or any assets of any other Person constituting a business unit (whether through purchase of assets, merger or otherwise), except: (a) Permitted Investments, subject to control agreements in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties or otherwise subject to a perfected security interest in favor of the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties; (b) investments in existence on the date hereof and described in Schedule 6.04 and any modification, replacement, renewal or extension thereof to the extent not involving any additional investment; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 93 - (c) investments by Holdings, the Borrower and the Subsidiaries in Equity Interests in their respective Subsidiaries, provided that (i) any such Equity Interests held by a Loan Party shall be pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement (subject to the limitations applicable to Equity Interests of a foreign Subsidiary referred to in Section 5.14) and (ii) the aggregate amount of investments by Loan Parties in Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (together with outstanding intercompany loans permitted under Section 6.04(d) and outstanding Guarantees permitted under Section 6.04(e)) shall not exceed at any time outstanding the greater of (x) 5,000,000 and (y) 5 of EBITDA for the period of four fiscal quarters most recently ended as of such date of testing, in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs and tested as of the date such investment is made; (d) loans or advances (x) made by any Loan Party to any Subsidiary, (y) made by any Subsidiary to a Loan Party or any other Subsidiary and (z) after the Merger Effective Date, made by Holdings to PubCo, provided that (i) any such loans and advances in excess of 2,000,000 made by a Loan Party shall be evidenced by a promissory note pledged pursuant to the Security Agreement, (ii) the amount of such loans and advances made by Loan Parties to Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties (together with outstanding investments permitted under Section 6.04(c) and outstanding Guarantees permitted under Section 6.04(e)) shall not exceed 2,000,000 at any time outstanding (in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs) and (iii) the amount of such loans and advances made to Holdings or by Holdings to PubCo, together with any Restricted Payments made to Holdings and/or PubCo pursuant to Section 6.08(a)(iii)(x), shall not exceed 8,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year of Holdings; (e) Guarantees constituting Indebtedness permitted by Section 6.01, provided that the aggregate principal amount of Indebtedness of Subsidiaries that are not Loan Parties that is Guaranteed by any Loan Party (together with outstanding investments permitted under clause (ii) to the proviso to Section 6.04(c) and outstanding intercompany loans permitted under clause (ii) to the proviso to Section 6.04(d)) shall not exceed 2,000,000 at any time outstanding in each case determined without regard to any write-downs or write-offs; (f) loans or advances made by a Loan Party (other than Holdings) (i) to its employees on an arms-length basis in the ordinary course of business consistent with past practices for travel and entertainment expenses, relocation costs (including, without limitation, moving expenses, costs of replacement homes, business machines or supplies, automobiles and other similar expenses) and similar purposes up to a maximum of 2,000,000 in the aggregate at any time outstanding as of the date of such investment and (ii) after the Merger Effective Date, to members of management, employees, consultants, officers and directors in connection with such Person s purchase of equity interests of PubCo in an aggregate amount not to exceed at any time outstanding the greater of (x) 2,500,000 and (y) 2.50 of EBITDA for the period of four fiscal quarters most recently ended as of such date of testing, in each case tested as of the date such loan or advance is made; (g) notes payable, or stock or other securities issued by Account Debtors to a Loan Party pursuant to negotiated agreements with respect to settlement of such Account Debtor s Accounts in the ordinary course of business, consistent with past practices; (h) investments in the form of Swap Agreements permitted by Section 6.07; (i) investments of any Person existing at the time such Person becomes a Subsidiary of the Borrower or consolidates or merges with the Borrower or any Subsidiary (including in connection with a permitted acquisition), so long as such investments were not made in contemplation of such Person becoming a Subsidiary or of such merger; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 94 - (j) investments received in connection with the disposition of assets permitted by Section 6.05; (k) investments constituting deposits described in clauses (c) and (d) of the definition of the term Permitted Encumbrances (l) earnest money deposits made in connection with any letter of intent or purchase agreement permitted under this Agreement; (m) investments in any joint venture or partnership between any Loan Party (other than Holdings) or any Subsidiary, on the one hand, and another person which is not a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, on the other hand, in an aggregate amount for all such investments not to exceed at any time outstanding the greater of (x) 5,000,000 and (y) 5 of EBITDA for the period of four fiscal quarters most recently ended as of such date of testing, in each case, tested as of the date such investment is made; (n) investments in the form of financings of Equipment with trade partners by the Borrower and its Subsidiaries, in an aggregate amount for all such investments not to exceed 1,000,000 at any one time outstanding; (o) investments in Permitted Acquisitions by any Loan Party (other than Holdings); (p) extensions of trade credit including the holding of receivables related thereto in the ordinary course of business and (q) other investments by the Borrower or any Subsidiary of the Borrower in any other Person (other than Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) made after the Restatement Date and not permitted pursuant to this Section 6.04, provided that (i) at the time of making any such investment no Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, or would result therefrom, and (ii) the maximum aggregate amount of all such investments that are so made pursuant to this clause (q) and outstanding at any time shall not exceed at any time the greater of (x) 3,000,000 and (y) 3 of EBITDA for the period of four fiscal quarters most recently ended as of such date of testing, in each case, taking into account the repayment of any loans or advances comprising such investments and tested as of the date such investment is made. SECTION 6.05. Asset Sales. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, transfer, lease or otherwise dispose of any asset, including any Equity Interest owned by it, nor will the Borrower permit any Subsidiary to issue any additional Equity Interest in such Subsidiary (other than to the Borrower or another Subsidiary in compliance with Section 6.04), except: (a) sales, transfers and dispositions of (i) Inventory in the ordinary course of business and (ii) used, obsolete, worn out or surplus Equipment or property in the ordinary course of business; (b) sales, transfers and dispositions of assets to the Borrower or any Subsidiary, provided that any such sales, transfers or dispositions involving a Subsidiary that is not a Loan Party shall be made in compliance with Section 6.09; (c) sales, transfers and dispositions of Accounts (excluding sales or dispositions in a factoring arrangement) in connection with the compromise, settlement or collection thereof; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 95 - (d) sales, transfers and dispositions of Permitted Investments and other investments permitted by clauses (i) and (k) of Section 6.04; (e) Sale and Leaseback Transactions permitted by Section 6.06; (f) dispositions resulting from any casualty or other insured damage to, or any taking under power of eminent domain or by condemnation or similar proceeding of, any property or asset of the Borrower or any Subsidiary; (g) dispositions of equipment or Real Property to the extent that (i) such property is exchanged for credit against the purchase price of similar replacement property or (ii) the proceeds of such disposition are reasonably promptly applied to the purchase price of such replacement property; and (h) in addition to any sales, transfers and dispositions permitted above, the Borrower and their Subsidiaries may consummate any sale, transfer or disposition, provided that (i) in the case of any sale, transfer or disposition involving consideration in excess of 2,500,000, at least five Business Days prior to the date of completion of such sale, transfer or disposition, the Borrower shall have delivered to the Administrative Agent an officer s certificate executed by an authorized officer of the Borrower, which certificate shall contain (A) a description of the proposed transaction, the date such transaction is scheduled to be consummated, the estimated sale price or other consideration for such transaction, and (B) a certification that no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, or would result from consummation of such transaction; and (ii) the aggregate amount of all such sales, transfers or dispositions made pursuant to this subpart during any fiscal year of the Borrower shall not exceed the greater of (x) 5,000,000 and (y) 5 of the total assets (other than cash and cash equivalents) of the Loan Parties and their Subsidiaries as of such date of testing in any fiscal year, in each case, tested as of the time of such disposition; provided that all sales, transfers, leases and other dispositions permitted under this Section 6.05 (other than those permitted by paragraphs (b), (d), (f) and (g) above) shall be made for fair value and for at least 90 cash consideration. SECTION 6.06. Sale and Leaseback Transactions. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any arrangement, directly or indirectly, whereby it shall sell or transfer any property, real or personal, used or useful in its business, whether now owned or hereafter acquired, and thereafter rent or lease such property or other property that it intends to use for substantially the same purpose or purposes as the property sold or transferred (a Sale and Leaseback Transaction ), except for any such sale of any fixed or capital assets by the Borrower or any Subsidiary that is made for cash consideration in an amount not less than the fair value of such fixed or capital asset and is consummated within 90 days after the Borrower or such Subsidiary acquires or completes the construction of such fixed or capital asset. SECTION 6.07. Swap Agreements. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, enter into any Swap Agreement, except (a) Swap Agreements entered into to hedge or mitigate risks to which the Borrower or any Subsidiary has actual exposure (other than those in respect of Equity Interests of the Borrower or any Subsidiary), and (b) Swap Agreements entered into in order to effectively cap, collar or exchange interest rates (from floating to fixed rates, from one floating rate to another floating rate or otherwise) with respect to any interest-bearing liability or investment of the Borrower or any Subsidiary. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 96 - SECTION 6.08. Restricted Payments; Certain Payments of Indebtedness. (a) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, declare or make, or agree to declare or make, directly or indirectly, any Restricted Payment, or incur any obligation (contingent or otherwise) to do so, except: (i) Holdings, the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries may declare and pay or make Restricted Payments that are payable solely in additional shares of its common stock (or warrants, options or other rights to acquire additional shares of its common stock); (ii) any Subsidiary of the Borrower may declare and pay or make Restricted Payments to the Borrower or any Loan Party (other than Holdings), and (ii) any foreign Subsidiary of the Borrower may declare and pay or make Restricted Payments to any other foreign Subsidiary, the Borrower or any other Loan Party (other than Holdings); (iii) after the Merger Effective Date, the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to allow Holdings to make, and, after the Merger Effective Date, Holdings may make Restricted Payments to PubCo (w) to fund the cost of D O insurance of PubCo in an amount not to exceed 6,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year of Holdings, (x) to fund other operational expenses of Holdings and PubCo consistent with the limitations of Section 6.03(f) in an amount, together with the amount of any loans or advances to Holdings pursuant to Section 6.04(d), not to exceed 8,000,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year of Holdings, (y) to allow Holdings to make Permitted Tax Distributions, and Holdings may make such Permitted Tax Distributions and (z) to make semi-annual payments of interest in cash to the holders of the Permitted Convertible Notes in accordance with the terms thereof; provided, that if the Merger Effective Date does not occur, the Borrower may make Restricted Payments to Holdings (i) to fund the operational expenses of Holdings consistent with the limitations of Section 6.03(f) in an amount, together with the amount of any loans or advances to Holdings pursuant to Section 6.04(d), not to exceed 500,000 in the aggregate in any fiscal year of Holdings and (ii) to allow Holdings to make Permitted Tax Distributions, and Holdings may make such Permitted Tax Distributions; (iv) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and so long as prior to and immediately after giving effect thereto, (x) (A) the Borrower s Senior Secured Leverage Ratio for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date would be less than 1.00 to 1.00 or (B) after the Merger Effective Date, the Borrower s Senior Secured Leverage Ratio for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date would be less than 2.00 to 1.00, in each case, after giving pro forma effect to such Restricted Payment, and (y) the Borrower s Debt Service Coverage Ratio for the period of four consecutive fiscal quarters ended on or most recently prior to such date would be greater than (A) 1.25 to 1.00 or (B) after the Merger Effective Date, 1.20 to 1.00, in each case, after giving pro forma effect to such Restricted Payment, the Borrower may make Capital Distributions to Holdings and (after the Merger Effective Date) Holdings may make Capital Distributions to PubCo; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 97 - (v) after the Merger Effective Date, the holders of Equity Interests of Holdings (other than PubCo) may exchange such interests for Class A Common stock of PubCo (or for payment by PubCo of the cash equivalent of such shares; (vi) (A) so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, prior to the Merger Effective Date, the Borrower may pay or make distributions to the Sponsor to pay management, monitoring, consulting, transaction, oversight, advisory and similar fees in an amount not to exceed 75,000 in any fiscal year; provided that, (1) if the Borrower is unable to pay such management fees in accordance with this clause (vi) due to the existence of an Event of Default or the fact that an Event of Default would result therefrom, the Borrower may pay such unpaid fees in full or in part upon the earlier of (x) the cure or waiver of such Event of Default (or upon such time as the making of such payment will not result in an Event of Default) and (y) the Merger Effective Date or (2) if the Sponsor waives payment of such fees at any time, the Borrower may pay such unpaid fees in full or in part in any subsequent Fiscal Quarter, so long as no Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom and (B) the Borrower shall be permitted to reimburse the Sponsor for out-of-pocket expenses and any indemnitees incurred prior to the Merger Effective Date; (vii) the Borrower may make the Merger Effective Date Dividend no earlier than two Business Days prior to the Merger Effective Date (provided, for the avoidance of doubt, that if the Merger Effective Date Dividend is made, the failure of the Borrower to consummate the Merger within two Business Days of the date the Merger Effective Date Dividend is made shall constitute an Event of Default); and (viii) so long as no Default or Event of Default has occurred and is continuing or would result therefrom, Borrower and Holdings may (i) declare and make payments and distributions to present, future and former employees, officers, or directors of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (and any spouses, ex-spouses, successors, executors, administrators, legatees, distributees, heirs, or estates of any of the foregoing) on account of redemptions of Equity Interests of Holdings held by such Persons in an aggregate amount not to exceed in any fiscal year the greater of (x) 5,000,000 and (y) 5 of EBITDA for such fiscal year, tested as of the time of such payments and distributions, (ii) make cash distributions to permit any direct or indirect parent company of Holdings to make payments and distributions to present, future and former employees, officers, or directors of Borrower and its Subsidiaries (and any spouses, ex-spouses, successors, executors, administrators, legatees, distributees, heirs, or estates of any of the foregoing) on account of redemptions of Equity Interests of any direct or indirect parent company of Holdings held by such Persons (provided, that such repurchases shall be deemed to occur upon the exercise of stock options or warrants or the settlement or vesting of other equity incentive awards), provided, however, that the aggregate amount of such redemptions and distributions made by Borrower during any fiscal year shall not exceed 2,500,000 in the aggregate. (b) No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, make or agree to pay or make, directly or indirectly, any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property) of or in respect of principal of or interest on any Indebtedness, or any payment or other distribution (whether in cash, securities or other property), including any sinking fund or similar deposit, on account of the purchase, redemption, retirement, acquisition, cancellation or termination of any Indebtedness, except: 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 98 - (i) payment of Indebtedness created under the Loan Documents; (ii) refinancings of Indebtedness to the extent permitted by Section 6.01; (iii) scheduled payments of Indebtedness permitted under the Loan Documents; and (iv) payment of secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness to the extent such sale or transfer is permitted by the terms of Section 6.05. SECTION 6.09. Transactions with Affiliates. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, sell, lease or otherwise transfer any property or assets to, or purchase, lease or otherwise acquire any property or assets from, or otherwise engage in any other transactions with, any of its Affiliates, except (a) transactions that (i) are in the ordinary course of business and (ii) are at prices and on terms and conditions not less favorable to such Loan Party or such Subsidiary than could be reasonably obtained on an arm s-length basis from unrelated third parties, (b) transactions between or among the Loan Parties not involving any other Affiliate, (c) any investment permitted by Sections 6.04(c) or 6.04(d), (d) any Indebtedness permitted under Section 6.01(c), (e) any Restricted Payment permitted by Section 6.08, (f) loans or advances to employees permitted under Section 6.04(f), (g) the payment of reasonable fees to directors of the Borrower or any Subsidiary who are not employees of the Borrower or any Subsidiary, and compensation and employee benefit arrangements paid to, and indemnities provided for the benefit of, directors, officers or employees of the Borrower or its Subsidiaries in the ordinary course of business, (h) any issuances of securities or other payments, awards or grants in cash, securities or otherwise pursuant to, or the funding of, employment agreements, stock options and stock ownership plans approved by the Borrower s board of directors. SECTION 6.10. Restrictive Agreements. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, directly or indirectly enter into, incur or permit to exist any agreement or other arrangement that prohibits, restricts or imposes any condition upon (a) the ability of such Loan Party or any Subsidiary to create, incur or permit to exist any Lien upon any of its property or assets (other than as permitted under Section 6.02), or (b) the ability of any Subsidiary to pay dividends or other distributions with respect to any Equity Interests or to make or repay loans or advances to the Borrower or any other Subsidiary or to Guarantee Indebtedness of the Borrower or any other Subsidiary; provided that (i) the foregoing shall not apply to (A) restrictions and conditions imposed by any Requirement of Law or by any Loan Document, (B) restrictions and conditions existing on the date hereof identified on Schedule 6.10 and any amendments or modifications thereof that do not materially expand the scope of any such restriction or condition taken as a whole, (C) customary restrictions and conditions contained in agreements relating to the sale of a Subsidiary pending such sale, provided such restrictions and conditions apply only to the Subsidiary that is to be sold and such sale is permitted hereunder, (D) customary restrictions or conditions contained in any agreement relating to the disposition of any property permitted by Section 6.03 pending the consummation of such disposition, (E) restrictions in the transfer of assets encumbered by a Lien permitted by Section 6.02(d), (F) customary provisions restricting assignment of any agreement entered into in the ordinary course of business, (G) restrictions on cash or other deposits (including escrowed funds) imposed under contracts entered into in the ordinary course of business; provided that such restrictions and conditions apply only to such Subsidiary and to any Equity Interests in such Subsidiary; (ii) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to restrictions or conditions imposed by any agreement relating to secured Indebtedness permitted by this Agreement if such restrictions or conditions apply only to the property or assets securing such Indebtedness; and (iii) clause (a) of the foregoing shall not apply to customary provisions in leases restricting the assignment thereof. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 99 - September 30, 2023 through and including December 31, 2023 2.75 to 1.0 December 31, 2021 through and including December 31, 2022 March 31, 2024 and the last day of each fiscal quarter ending thereafter 3.25 to 1.0 2.50 to 1.0 Period March 31, 2023 through and including June 30, 2023 (c) Equity Cure. For purposes of determining compliance with clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6.12, any cash equity contribution (which equity shall be common equity or other equity on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent) made to the Borrower (either directly or indirectly) on or prior to the day that is ten (10) Business Days after the day on which financial statements are required to be delivered for a fiscal quarter or fiscal year pursuant to Section 5.01 hereof and designated on the date of such contribution as a Specified Equity Contribution (each such designation, an Equity Cure will, at the request of the Borrower, be included in the calculation of EBITDA for the purposes of determining compliance with clauses (a) and (b) of this Section at the end of such fiscal quarter or fiscal year and applicable subsequent periods (any such equity contribution so included in the calculation of EBITDA, a Specified Equity Contribution ), provided that (i) no more than two Specified Equity Contributions may be made in any period of four consecutive fiscal quarters, (ii) no more than five Specified Equity Contributions may be made during the term of this Agreement, (iii) the amount of any Specified Equity Contribution shall be no greater than 100 of the amount required to cause Holdings to be in compliance with clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6.12, (iv) all Specified Equity Contributions shall be disregarded for all other purposes herein other than determining compliance with the covenants in clauses (a) and (b) of this Section 6.12 and shall not result in any pro forma reduction of Indebtedness or increase in cash with respect to the fiscal quarter with respect to which such Specified Equity Contribution was made, and (v) no Lender or Issuing Bank shall be required to make any extension of credit hereunder if an Event of Default under the covenants set forth in Sections 6.12(a) or (b) has Ratio 3.00 to 1.0 SECTION 6.11. Amendment of Organizational Documents. No Loan Party will, nor will it permit any Subsidiary to, amend, modify or waive any of its rights under its charter, articles or certificate of organization or incorporation and bylaws or operating, management or partnership agreement, or other organizational or governing documents, to the extent any such amendment, modification or waiver would be materially adverse to the Lenders. SECTION 6.12. Financial Covenants. (a) Debt Service Coverage Ratio. Holdings will not permit the Debt Service Coverage Ratio, on the last day of any fiscal quarter commencing December 31, 2020, for the trailing four quarter period ending on such date, to be less than the ratio of 1.20:1.0. (b) Senior Secured Leverage Ratio. Holdings will not permit the Senior Secured Leverage Ratio, on the last day of any fiscal quarter, for the trailing four quarter period ending on such date, set forth opposite the applicable date below, to be greater than the ratio set forth below opposite such date: 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 100 - occurred and is continuing during the ten (10) Business Day period during which Borrower may exercise an Equity Cure unless and until the Specified Equity Contribution is actually received. ARTICLE VII Events of Default If any of the following events Events of Default shall occur: (a) the Borrower shall fail to pay any principal of any Loan or any reimbursement obligation in respect of any LC Disbursement when and as the same shall become due and payable, whether at the due date thereof or at a date fixed for prepayment thereof or otherwise; (b) the Borrower shall fail to pay any interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount (other than an amount referred to in clause (a) of this Article) payable under this Agreement or any other Loan Document, when and as the same shall become due and payable, and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of five (5) Business Days; (c) any representation or warranty made or deemed made by or on behalf of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary in, or in connection with, this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, or in any report, certificate, financial statement or other document furnished pursuant to or in connection with this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any amendment or modification hereof or thereof or waiver hereunder or thereunder, shall prove to have been materially incorrect when made or deemed made; (d) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in Sections 5.02(a), 5.03 (with respect to a Loan Party s existence), 5.08, 5.16 or 5.17 or in Article VI or in Article IV of the Security Agreement; (e) any Loan Party shall fail to observe or perform any covenant, condition or agreement contained in this Agreement or any other Loan Document (other than those specified in clause (a), (b) or (d)), and such failure shall continue unremedied for a period of (i) 5 days after the earlier of any Loan Party s knowledge of such breach or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) if such breach relates to terms or provisions of Sections 5.01, 5.02 (other than Section 5.02(a)), 5.03 through 5.07, 5.10, 5.11 or 5.13 of this Agreement or (ii) 30 days after the earlier of any Loan Party s knowledge of such breach or notice thereof from the Administrative Agent (which notice will be given at the request of any Lender) if such breach relates to terms or provisions of any other Section of this Agreement or any other Loan Document; (f) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall fail to make any payment (whether of principal or interest and regardless of amount) in respect of any Material Indebtedness, when and as the same shall become due and payable, which is not cured within any applicable grace period therefor; (g) any event or condition occurs that results in any Material Indebtedness becoming due prior to its scheduled maturity or that enables or permits, after the expiration of any applicable grace period provided in the applicable agreement or instrument under which such Indebtedness was created, the holder or holders of any Material Indebtedness or any trustee or agent on its or their behalf to cause any Material Indebtedness to become due, or to require the prepayment, repurchase, redemption or defeasance thereof, prior to its scheduled maturity; provided that this clause (g) shall not apply to secured Indebtedness that becomes due as a result of the voluntary sale or transfer of the property or assets securing such Indebtedness to the extent such sale or transfer is permitted by the terms of Section 6.05; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 101 - (h) an involuntary proceeding shall be commenced or an involuntary petition shall be filed seeking (i) liquidation, reorganization or other relief in respect of a Loan Party or Subsidiary or its debts, or of a substantial part of its assets, under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect or (ii) the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or for a substantial part of its assets, and, in any such case, such proceeding or petition shall continue undismissed for sixty (60) days or an order or decree approving or ordering any of the foregoing shall be entered; (i) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall (i) voluntarily commence any proceeding or file any petition seeking liquidation, reorganization or other relief under any federal, state or foreign bankruptcy, insolvency, receivership or similar law now or hereafter in effect, (ii) consent to the institution of, or fail to contest in a timely and appropriate manner, any proceeding or petition described in clause (h) of this Article, (iii) apply for or consent to the appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian, sequestrator, conservator or similar official for such Loan Party or Subsidiary of any Loan Party or for a substantial part of its assets, (iv) file an answer admitting the material allegations of a petition filed against it in any such proceeding, (v) make a general assignment for the benefit of creditors or (vi) take any action for the purpose of effecting any of the foregoing; (j) any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall become unable, admit in writing its inability, or publicly declare its intention not to, or fail generally, to pay its debts as they become due; (k) one or more judgments for the payment of money in an aggregate amount in excess of 5,000,000 shall be rendered against any Loan Party, any Subsidiary or any combination thereof and the same shall remain undischarged for a period of thirty (30) consecutive days during which execution shall not be effectively stayed, or any action shall be legally taken by a judgment creditor to attach or levy upon any assets of any Loan Party or any Subsidiary to enforce any such judgment or any Loan Party or any Subsidiary shall fail within thirty (30) days to discharge one or more non-monetary judgments or orders which, individually or in the aggregate, could reasonably be expected to have a Material Adverse Effect, which judgments or orders, in any such case, are not stayed on appeal and being appropriately contested in good faith by proper proceedings diligently pursued; provided that any such amount shall be calculated after deducting from the sum so payable any amount of such judgment or order that is covered by a valid and binding policy of insurance in favor of the Borrower or such Subsidiary (but only if the applicable insurer shall have been advised of such judgment and of the intent of the Borrower or such Subsidiary to make a claim in respect of any amount payable by it in connection therewith and such insurer shall not have disputed coverage); (l) an ERISA Event shall have occurred that, in the reasonable opinion of the Required Lenders, when taken together with all other ERISA Events that have occurred, would reasonably be expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect; (m) a Change in Control shall occur; (n) the occurrence of any default , as defined in any Loan Document (other than this Agreement), or the breach of any of the terms or provisions of any Loan Document (other than this Agreement), which default or breach continues beyond any period of grace therein provided; (o) the Loan Guaranty or any Obligation Guaranty shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of the Loan Guaranty or any Obligation Guaranty, or any Loan Guarantor shall fail to comply with any of the terms or provisions of the Loan Guaranty or any Obligation Guaranty to which it is a party, or any Loan Guarantor shall deny that it has any further liability under the Loan Guaranty or any Obligation Guaranty to which it 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 102 - is a party, or shall give notice to such effect, including, but not limited to notice of termination delivered pursuant to Section 10.08 or any notice of termination delivered pursuant to the terms of any Obligation Guaranty; (p) except as permitted by the terms of any Collateral Document or as a result of the gross negligence or willful misconduct of the Administrative Agent (so long as not resulting from the breach or non-compliance with any Loan Document by any Loan Party), (i) any Collateral Document shall for any reason fail to create a valid security interest in any Collateral purported to be covered thereby, or (ii) any Lien securing any Secured Obligation shall cease to be a perfected, first priority Lien; (q) any Collateral Document shall fail to remain in full force or effect or any action shall be taken to discontinue or to assert the invalidity or unenforceability of any Collateral Document; (r) any default under the terms of any Material Contract which would reasonably be expected to result in the termination of such Material Contract; or (s) any material provision of any Loan Document for any reason ceases to be valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms (or any Loan Party shall challenge the enforceability of any Loan Document or shall assert in writing, or engage in any action or inaction that evidences its assertion, that any provision of any of the Loan Documents has ceased to be or otherwise is not valid, binding and enforceable in accordance with its terms); then, and in every such event (other than an event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article), and at any time thereafter during the continuance of such event, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, by notice to the Borrower, take either or both of the following actions, at the same or different times: (i) terminate the Commitments, whereupon the Commitments shall terminate immediately, and (ii) declare the Loans then outstanding to be due and payable in whole (or in part, but ratably as among the Classes of Loans and the Loans of each Class at the time outstanding, in which case any principal not so declared to be due and payable may thereafter be declared to be due and payable), whereupon the principal of the Loans so declared to be due and payable, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall become due and payable immediately, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower; and in the case of any event with respect to the Borrower described in clause (h) or (i) of this Article, the Commitments shall automatically terminate and the principal of the Loans then outstanding, together with accrued interest thereon and all fees and other obligations of the Borrower accrued hereunder, shall automatically become due and payable, in each case without presentment, demand, protest or other notice of any kind, all of which are hereby waived by the Borrower. Upon the occurrence and during the continuance of an Event of Default, the Administrative Agent may, and at the request of the Required Lenders shall, increase the rate of interest applicable to the Loans and other Obligations as set forth in this Agreement (provided that upon the occurrence and continuance of an Event of Default pursuant to clause (h) or (i) of Article VII the rate of interest on any Loans or other amounts shall automatically be increased as provided in Section 2.13(c)) and exercise any rights and remedies provided to the Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents or at law or equity, including all remedies provided under the UCC. ARTICLE VIII The Administrative Agent SECTION 8.01. Appointment. Each of the Lenders, on behalf of itself and any of its Affiliates that are Secured Parties and the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably appoints the Administrative Agent as its agent and authorizes the Administrative Agent to take such actions on its behalf, including execution of 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 103 - the other Loan Documents, and to exercise such powers as are delegated to the Administrative Agent by the terms of the Loan Documents, together with such actions and powers as are reasonably incidental thereto. In addition, to the extent required under the laws of any jurisdiction other than the U.S., each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereby grants to the Administrative Agent any required powers of attorney to execute any Collateral Document governed by the laws of such jurisdiction on such Lender s or Issuing Bank s behalf. The provisions of this Article are solely for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders (including the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank), and the Loan Parties shall not have rights as a third party beneficiary of any of such provisions. It is understood and agreed that the use of the term agent as used herein or in any other Loan Documents (or any similar term) with reference to the Administrative Agent is not intended to connote any fiduciary or other implied (or express) obligations arising under agency doctrine of any applicable law. Instead, such term is used as a matter of market custom, and is intended to create or reflect only an administrative relationship between independent contracting parties. SECTION 8.02. Rights as a Lender. The Administrative Agent hereunder shall have the same rights and powers in its capacity as a Lender as any other Lender and may exercise the same as though it were not the Administrative Agent, and such bank and its Affiliates may accept deposits from, lend money to and generally engage in any kind of business with any Loan Party or any Subsidiary or any Affiliate thereof as if it were not the Administrative Agent hereunder. SECTION 8.03. Duties and Obligations. The Administrative Agent shall not have any duties or obligations except those expressly set forth in the Loan Documents. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, (a) the Administrative Agent shall not be subject to any fiduciary or other implied duties, regardless of whether a Default has occurred and is continuing, (b) the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to take any discretionary action or exercise any discretionary powers, except discretionary rights and powers expressly contemplated by the Loan Documents that the Administrative Agent is required to exercise as directed in writing by the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02), and, (c) except as expressly set forth in the Loan Documents, the Administrative Agent shall not have any duty to disclose, and shall not be liable for the failure to disclose, any information relating to any Loan Party or any Subsidiary that is communicated to or obtained by the bank serving as Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates in any capacity. The Administrative Agent shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it with the consent or at the request of the Required Lenders (or such other number or percentage of the Lenders as shall be necessary under the circumstances as provided in Section 9.02) or in the absence of its own gross negligence or willful misconduct as determined by a final nonappealable judgment of a court of competent jurisdiction. The Administrative Agent shall be deemed not to have knowledge of any Default unless and until written notice thereof is given to the Administrative Agent by the Borrower or a Lender, and the Administrative Agent shall not be responsible for or have any duty to ascertain or inquire into (i) any statement, warranty or representation made in or in connection with any Loan Document, (ii) the contents of any certificate, report or other document delivered hereunder or in connection with any Loan Document, (iii) the performance or observance of any of the covenants, agreements or other terms or conditions set forth in any Loan Document, (iv) the validity, enforceability, effectiveness or genuineness of any Loan Document or any other agreement, instrument or document (including, for the avoidance of doubt, in connection with the Administrative Agent s reliance on any Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), (v) the creation, perfection or priority of Liens on the Collateral or the existence of the Collateral, or (vi) the satisfaction of any condition set forth in Article IV or elsewhere in any Loan Document, other than to confirm receipt of items expressly required to be delivered to the Administrative Agent. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 104 - SECTION 8.04. Reliance. The Administrative Agent shall be entitled to rely upon, and shall not incur any liability for relying upon, any notice, request, certificate, consent, statement, instrument, document or other writing believed by it to be genuine and to have been signed or sent by the proper Person. The Administrative Agent also may rely upon any statement made to it orally or by telephone and believed by it to be made by the proper Person, and shall not incur any liability for relying thereon. The Administrative Agent may consult with legal counsel (who may be counsel for the Borrower), independent accountants and other experts selected by it, and shall not be liable for any action taken or not taken by it in accordance with the advice of any such counsel, accountants or experts. SECTION 8.05.Actions through Sub-Agents. The Administrative Agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers by or through any one or more sub-agents appointed by the Administrative Agent. The Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent may perform any and all of its duties and exercise its rights and powers through their respective Related Parties. The exculpatory provisions of the preceding paragraphs shall apply to any such sub-agent and to the Related Parties of the Administrative Agent and any such sub-agent, and shall apply to their respective activities in connection with the syndication of the credit facilities provided for herein as well as activities as the Administrative Agent. SECTION 8.06. Resignation; Removal. (a) Resignation. Subject to the appointment and acceptance of a successor Administrative Agent as provided in this paragraph, the Administrative Agent may resign at any time by notifying the Lenders, the Issuing Bank and the Borrower. Upon any such resignation, the Required Lenders shall have the right, in consultation with the Borrower, to appoint a successor. If no successor shall have been so appointed by the Required Lenders and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its resignation, then the retiring Administrative Agent may, on behalf of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank, appoint a successor Administrative Agent which shall be a bank with an office in New York, New York, or an Affiliate of any such bank. Upon the acceptance of its appointment as Administrative Agent hereunder by its successor, such successor shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, and the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents. The fees payable by the Borrower to a successor Administrative Agent shall be the same as those payable to its predecessor, unless otherwise agreed by the Borrower and such successor. Notwithstanding the foregoing, in the event no successor Administrative Agent shall have been so appointed and shall have accepted such appointment within thirty (30) days after the retiring Administrative Agent gives notice of its intent to resign, the retiring Administrative Agent may give notice of the effectiveness of its resignation to the Lenders, the Issuing Banks and the Borrower, whereupon, on the date of effectiveness of such resignation stated in such notice, (a) the retiring Administrative Agent shall be discharged from its duties and obligations hereunder and under the other Loan Documents, provided that, solely for purposes of maintaining any security interest granted to the Administrative Agent under any Collateral Document for the benefit of the Secured Parties, the retiring Administrative Agent shall continue to be vested with such security interest as collateral agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties and, in the case of any Collateral in the possession of the Administrative Agent, shall continue to hold such Collateral, in each case until such time as a successor Administrative Agent is appointed and accepts such appointment in accordance with this paragraph (it being understood and agreed that the retiring Administrative Agent shall have no duly or obligation to take any further action under any Collateral Document, including any action required to maintain the perfection of any such security interest), and (b) the Required Lenders shall succeed to and become vested with all the rights, powers, privileges and duties of the retiring Administrative Agent, provided that (i) all payments required to be made hereunder or under any other Loan Document to the Administrative Agent for the account of any Person other than the Administrative Agent shall be made 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 105 - directly to such Person and (ii) all notices and other communications required or contemplated to be given or made to the Administrative Agent shall also directly be given or made to each Lender and each Issuing Bank. Following the effectiveness of the Administrative Agent s resignation from its capacity as such, the provisions of this Article, Section 2.17(d) and Section 9.03, as well as any exculpatory, reimbursement and indemnification provisions set forth in any other Loan Document, shall continue in effect for the benefit of such retiring Administrative Agent, its sub-agents and their respective Related Parties in respect of any actions taken or omitted to be taken by any of them while it was acting as Administrative Agent and in respect of the matters referred to in the proviso under clause (a) above. (b) Removal. If (i) at any time that an Event of Default exists, and the Administrative Agent shall have failed to follow the direction of the Required Lenders under Article VII (provided, that, with respect to this clause (i), (x) such direction and underlying action are permitted under the terms of the Loan Documents and applicable law, (y) in the good faith determination of the Administrative Agent, such action will not result in any liability of the Administrative Agent to any Loan Party or any other Person, and (z) the Administrative Agent shall be entitled to all of the benefits of Section 8.03 in connection with such action), or (ii) the Required Lenders (or, to the extent the Person serving as Administrative Agent and its Affiliates have Credit Exposure and unused Commitments representing more than 50 of the sum of the Aggregate Credit Exposure and unused Commitments at such time, all Lenders excluding the Person serving as Administrative Agent and its Affiliates) determine in good faith that a conflict of interest exists in respect of any matter due to the Person serving as Administrative Agent under the Loan Documents also (or an affiliate thereof is) being a counterparty under a Material Contract as a result of a dispute under such Material Contract which would be reasonably expected to result in a Material Adverse Effect, then, in the case of clause (i) or (ii) such Lenders may, to the extent permitted by applicable law, by notice in writing to the Administrative Agent and the other Lenders (and, if and as required hereunder, Borrower) remove such Person as Administrative Agent for all purposes under the Loan Documents and appoint a successor (or replacement) in accordance with the foregoing Section 8.06(a) as if such Administrative Agent were resigning hereunder (such successor or replacement to be appointed subject to the consent (not to be unreasonably withheld or delayed) of the Administrative Agent). Any such appointment shall be subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, and to effectuate the terms hereof, the Administrative Agent shall be permitted to resign in accordance with the terms of Section 8.06(a) above. If no such successor shall have been so appointed in accordance with the foregoing within the applicable time period provided in Section 8.06(a) (the required date for any such resignation, the Removal Effective Date ), then such removal shall nonetheless become effective in accordance with such notice on the Removal Effective Date. SECTION 8.07. Non-Reliance. (a) Each Lender and each Issuing Bank represents and warrants: (i) that the extensions of credit made hereunder are commercial loans and letters of credit and not investments in a business enterprise or securities; (ii) that it is engaged in making, acquiring or holding commercial loans and in providing other facilities set forth herein as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, in each case in the ordinary course of its business and not for the purpose of purchasing, acquiring or holding any other type of financial instrument (and each Lender and each Issuing Bank agrees not to assert a claim in contravention of the foregoing); (iii) that it has, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank and based on such documents and information as it has deemed appropriate, made its own credit analysis and decision to enter into this Agreement as a Lender or Issuing Bank, and to make, acquire or hold Loans hereunder; and (iv) that it is sophisticated with respect to decisions to make, acquire and/or hold commercial loans and to provide other facilities set forth herein, as may be applicable to such Lender or such Issuing Bank, and either it, or the Person exercising discretion in making its decision to make, acquire and/or hold such commercial 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 106 - loans or to provide such other facilities, is experienced in making, acquiring or holding such commercial loans or providing such other facilities. Each Lender and each Issuing Bank also acknowledges that it shall, independently and without reliance upon the Administrative Agent or any other Lender or Issuing Bank and based on such documents and information (which may contain material, non-public information within the meaning of the U.S. securities laws concerning the Borrower and its Affiliates) as it shall from time to time deem appropriate, continue to make its own decisions in taking or not taking action under or based upon this Agreement, any other Loan Document, any related agreement or any document furnished hereunder or thereunder. (b) Each Lender hereby agrees that (i) it has requested a copy of each Report prepared by or on behalf of the Administrative Agent; (ii) the Administrative Agent (A) makes no representation or warranty, express or implied, as to the completeness or accuracy of any Report or any of the information contained therein or any inaccuracy or omission contained in or relating to a Report and (B) shall not be liable for any information contained in any Report; (iii) the Reports are not comprehensive audits or examinations, and that any Person performing any field examination will inspect only specific information regarding the Loan Parties and will rely significantly upon the Loan Parties books and records, as well as on representations of the Loan Parties personnel and that the Administrative Agent undertakes no obligation to update, correct or supplement the Reports; (iv) it will keep all Reports confidential and strictly for its internal use, not share the Report with any Loan Party or any other Person except as otherwise permitted pursuant to this Agreement; and (v) without limiting the generality of any other indemnification provision contained in this Agreement, (A) it will hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from any action the indemnifying Lender may take or conclusion the indemnifying Lender may reach or draw from any Report in connection with any extension of credit that the indemnifying Lender has made or may make to the Borrower, or the indemnifying Lender s participation in, or the indemnifying Lender s purchase of, a Loan or Loans; and (B) it will pay and protect, and indemnify, defend, and hold the Administrative Agent and any such other Person preparing a Report harmless from and against, the claims, actions, proceedings, damages, costs, expenses, and other amounts (including reasonable attorneys fees) incurred by the Administrative Agent or any such other Person as the direct or indirect result of any third parties who might obtain all or part of any Report through the indemnifying Lender. SECTION 8.08. Other Agency Titles. The co-syndication agents shall not have any right, power, obligation, liability, responsibility or duty under this Agreement other than those applicable to all Lenders as such. Without limiting the foregoing, none of such Lenders shall have or be deemed to have a fiduciary relationship with any Lender. Each Lender hereby makes the same acknowledgments with respect to the relevant Lenders in their respective capacities as co-syndication agent, as applicable, as it makes with respect to the Administrative Agent in the preceding paragraph. SECTION 8.09. Not Partners or Co-Venturers; Administrative Agent as Representative of the Secured Parties. (a) The Lenders are not partners or co-venturers, and no Lender shall be liable for the acts or omissions of, or (except as otherwise set forth herein in case of the Administrative Agent) authorized to act for, any other Lender. The Administrative Agent shall have the exclusive right on behalf of the Lenders to enforce the payment of the principal of and interest on any Loan after the date such principal or interest has become due and payable pursuant to the terms of this Agreement. (b) In its capacity, the Administrative Agent is a representative of the Secured Parties within the meaning of the term secured party as defined in the UCC. Each Lender authorizes the Administrative Agent to enter into each of the Collateral Documents to which it is a party and to take all action contemplated by such documents. Each Lender agrees that no Secured Party (other than the 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 107 - Administrative Agent) shall have the right individually to seek to realize upon the security granted by any Collateral Document, it being understood and agreed that such rights and remedies may be exercised solely by the Administrative Agent for the benefit of the Secured Parties upon the terms of the Collateral Documents. In the event that any Collateral is hereafter pledged by any Person as collateral security for the Secured Obligations, the Administrative Agent is hereby authorized, and hereby granted a power of attorney, to execute and deliver on behalf of the Secured Parties any Loan Documents necessary or appropriate to grant and perfect a Lien on such Collateral in favor of the Administrative Agent on behalf of the Secured Parties. SECTION 8.10. Credit Bidding. The Secured Parties hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at the direction of the Required Lenders, to credit bid all or any portion of the Obligations (including by accepting some or all of the Collateral in satisfaction of some or all of the Obligations pursuant to a deed in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise) and in such manner purchase (either directly or through one or more acquisition vehicles) all or any portion of the Collateral (a) at any sale thereof conducted under the provisions of the Bankruptcy Code, including under Sections 363, 1123 or 1129 of the Bankruptcy Code, or any similar laws in any other jurisdictions to which a Credit Party is subject, or (b) at any other sale, foreclosure or acceptance of collateral in lieu of debt conducted by (or with the consent or at the direction of) the Administrative Agent (whether by judicial action or otherwise) in accordance with any applicable law. In connection with any such credit bid and purchase, the Obligations owed to the Secured Parties shall be entitled to be, and shall be, credit bid by the Administrative Agent at the direction of the Required Lenders on a ratable basis (with Obligations with respect to contingent or unliquidated claims receiving contingent interests in the acquired assets on a ratable basis that shall vest upon the liquidation of such claims in an amount proportional to the liquidated portion of the contingent claim amount used in allocating the contingent interests) for the asset or assets so purchased (or for the equity interests or debt instruments of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles that are issued in connection with such purchase). In connection with any such bid (i) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to form one or more acquisition vehicles and to assign any successful credit bid to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles (ii) each of the Secured Parties ratable interests in the Obligations which were credit bid shall be deemed without any further action under this Agreement to be assigned to such vehicle or vehicles for the purpose of closing such sale, (iii) the Administrative Agent shall be authorized to adopt documents providing for the governance of the acquisition vehicle or vehicles (provided that any actions by the Administrative Agent with respect to such acquisition vehicle or vehicles, including any disposition of the assets or equity interests thereof, shall be governed, directly or indirectly, by, and the governing documents shall provide for, control by the vote of the Required Lenders or their permitted assignees under the terms of this Agreement or the governing documents of the applicable acquisition vehicle or vehicles, as the case may be, irrespective of the termination of this Agreement and without giving effect to the limitations on actions by the Required Lenders contained in Section 9.02 of this Agreement), (iv) the Administrative Agent on behalf of such acquisition vehicle or vehicles shall be authorized to issue to each of the Secured Parties, ratably on account of the relevant Obligations which were credit bid, interests, whether as equity, partnership, limited partnership interests or membership interests, in any such acquisition vehicle and/or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle, all without the need for any Secured Party or acquisition vehicle to take any further action, and (v) to the extent that Obligations that are assigned to an acquisition vehicle are not used to acquire Collateral for any reason (as a result of another bid being higher or better, because the amount of Obligations assigned to the acquisition vehicle exceeds the amount of Obligations credit bid by the acquisition vehicle or otherwise), such Obligations shall automatically be reassigned to the Secured Parties pro rata and the equity interests and/or debt instruments issued by any acquisition vehicle on account of such Obligations shall automatically be cancelled, without the need for any Secured Party or any acquisition vehicle to take any further action. Notwithstanding that the ratable portion of the Obligations of each Secured Party are deemed assigned to the acquisition vehicle or vehicles as set forth in clause (ii) above, each Secured Party shall execute such documents and provide such information 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 108 - regarding the Secured Party (and/or any designee of the Secured Party which will receive interests in or debt instruments issued by such acquisition vehicle) as the Administrative Agent may reasonably request in connection with the formation of any acquisition vehicle, the formulation or submission of any credit bid or the consummation of the transactions contemplated by such credit bid. SECTION 8.11.Erroneous Payments. (a) If the Administrative Agent notifies a Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party such Lender or Issuing Bank (any such Lender, Issuing Bank, Secured Party or other recipient, a Payment Recipient that the Administrative Agent has determined in its sole discretion (whether or not after receipt of any notice under immediately succeeding clause (b)) that any funds received by such Payment Recipient from the Administrative Agent or any of its Affiliates were erroneously transmitted to, or otherwise erroneously or mistakenly received by, such Payment Recipient (whether or not known to such Lender, Issuing Bank, Secured Party or other Payment Recipient on its behalf) (any such funds, whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise, individually and collectively, an Erroneous Payment and demands the return of such Erroneous Payment (or a portion thereof), such Erroneous Payment shall at all times remain the property of the Administrative Agent and shall be segregated by the Payment Recipient and held in trust for the benefit of the Administrative Agent, and such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party shall (or, with respect to any Payment Recipient who received such funds on its behalf, shall cause such Payment Recipient to) promptly, but in no event later than two Business Days thereafter, return to the Administrative Agent the amount of any such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) as to which such a demand was made, in same day funds (in the currency so received), together with interest thereon in respect of each day from and including the date such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) was received by such Payment Recipient to the date such amount is repaid to the Administrative Agent in same day funds at the greater of the Federal Funds Effective Rate and a rate determined by the Administrative Agent in accordance with banking industry rules on interbank compensation from time to time in effect. A notice of the Administrative Agent to any Payment Recipient under this clause (a) shall be conclusive, absent manifest error. (b) Without limiting immediately preceding clause (a), each Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party, or any Person who has received funds on behalf of a Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party such Lender or Issuing Bank, hereby further agrees that if it receives a payment, prepayment or repayment (whether received as a payment, prepayment or repayment of principal, interest, fees, distribution or otherwise) from the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) (x) that is in a different amount than, or on a different date from, that specified in a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates) with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment, (y) that was not preceded or accompanied by a notice of payment, prepayment or repayment sent by the Administrative Agent (or any of its Affiliates), or (z) that such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party, or other such recipient, otherwise becomes aware was transmitted, or received, in error or by mistake (in whole or in part) in each case: (i) (A) in the case of immediately preceding clauses (x) or (y), an error shall be presumed to have been made (absent written confirmation from the Administrative Agent to the contrary) or (B) an error has been made (in the case of immediately preceding clause (z)), in each case, with respect to such payment, prepayment or repayment; and 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 109 - (ii) such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party shall (and shall cause any other recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf to) promptly (and, in all events, within one Business Day of its knowledge of such error) notify the Administrative Agent of its receipt of such payment, prepayment or repayment, the details thereof (in reasonable detail) and that it is so notifying the Administrative Agent pursuant to this Section 8.11(b). (c) Each Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party hereby authorizes the Administrative Agent to set off, net and apply any and all amounts at any time owing to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party under any Loan Document, or otherwise payable or distributable by the Administrative Agent to such Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party from any source, against any amount due to the Administrative Agent under immediately preceding clause (a) or under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement. (d) In the event that an Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) is not recovered by the Administrative Agent for any reason, after demand therefor by the Administrative Agent in accordance with immediately preceding clause (a), from any Lender or Issuing Bank that has received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) (and/or from any Payment Recipient who received such Erroneous Payment (or portion thereof) on its respective behalf) (such unrecovered amount, an Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency ), upon the Administrative Agent s notice to such Lender or Issuing Lender at any time, (i) such Lender or Issuing Bank shall be deemed to have assigned its Loans (but not its Commitments) of the relevant Class with respect to which such Erroneous Payment was made (the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class in an amount equal to the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (or such lesser amount as the Administrative Agent may specify) (such assignment of the Loans (but not Commitments) of the Erroneous Payment Impacted Class, the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment at par plus any accrued and unpaid interest (with the assignment fee to be waived by the Administrative Agent in such instance), and is hereby (together with the Borrower) deemed to execute and deliver an Assignment and Assumption (or, to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and such parties are participants) with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and such Lender or Issuing Bank shall deliver any Notes evidencing such Loans to the Borrower or the Administrative Agent, (ii) the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall be deemed to acquire the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, (iii) upon such deemed acquisition, the Administrative Agent as the assignee Lender shall become a Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and the assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Bank shall cease to be a Lender or Issuing Bank, as applicable, hereunder with respect to such Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, excluding, for the avoidance of doubt, its obligations under the indemnification provisions of this Agreement and its applicable Commitments which shall survive as to such assigning Lender or assigning Issuing Bank and (iv) the Administrative Agent may reflect in the Register its ownership interest in the Loans subject to the Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment. The Administrative Agent may, in its discretion and subject to Section 9.04(b)(i)(A), sell any Loans acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment and upon receipt of the proceeds of such sale, the Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency owing by the applicable Lender or Issuing Bank shall be reduced by the net proceeds of the sale of such Loan (or portion thereof), and the Administrative Agent shall retain all other rights, remedies and claims against such Lender or Issuing Bank (and/or against any recipient that receives funds on its respective behalf). For the avoidance of doubt, no Erroneous Payment Deficiency 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 110 - Assignment will reduce the Commitments of any Lender or Issuing Bank and such Commitments shall remain available in accordance with the terms of this Agreement. In addition, each party hereto agrees that, except to the extent that the Administrative Agent has sold a Loan (or portion thereof) acquired pursuant to an Erroneous Payment Deficiency Assignment, and irrespective of whether the Administrative Agent may be equitably subrogated, the Administrative Agent shall be contractually subrogated to all the rights and interests of the applicable Lender, Issuing Bank or Secured Party under the Loan Documents with respect to each Erroneous Payment Return Deficiency (the Erroneous Payment Subrogation Rights ). (e) The parties hereto agree that an Erroneous Payment shall not pay, prepay, repay, discharge or otherwise satisfy any Obligations owed by the Borrower or any other Loan Party, except, in each case, to the extent such Erroneous Payment is, and solely with respect to the amount of such Erroneous Payment that is, comprised of funds received by the Administrative Agent from the Borrower or any other Loan Party for the purpose of making such Erroneous Payment. (f) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Payment Recipient shall assert any right or claim to an Erroneous Payment, and hereby waives, and is deemed to waive, any claim, counterclaim, defense or right of set-off or recoupment with respect to any demand, claim or counterclaim by the Administrative Agent for the return of any Erroneous Payment received, including without limitation waiver of any defense based on discharge for value or any similar doctrine (g) Each party s obligations, agreements and waivers under this Section 8.11 shall survive the resignation or replacement of the Administrative Agent, any transfer of rights or obligations by, or the replacement of, a Lender or Issuing Bank, the termination of the Commitments and/or the repayment, satisfaction or discharge of all Obligations (or any portion thereof) under any Loan Document. ARTICLE IX Miscellaneous SECTION 9.01. Notices. (a) Except in the case of notices and other communications expressly permitted to be given by telephone or through Electronic Systems (and subject in each case to paragraph (b) below), all notices and other communications provided for herein shall be in writing and shall be delivered by hand or overnight courier service, mailed by certified or registered mail or sent by fax, as follows: (i) if to any Loan Party, to it in care of the Borrower at: CompoSecure, L.L.C. 309 Pierce Street Somerset, NJ 08873 Attention: Timothy W. Fitzsimmons Fax No: 908-518-0569 With a copy to: Morgan, Lewis Bockius LLP 1701 Market Street 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 111 - Philadelphia, PA 19103 Attention: Michael J. Pedrick Fax No: 215-963-5001 (ii) if to the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender, or to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. at: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 131 S Dearborn St, Floor 04 Chicago, IL, 60603-5506 Attention: Loan and Agency Servicing Email: jpm.agency.cri@jpmorgan.com Agency Withholding Tax Inquiries: Email: agency.tax.reporting@jpmorgan.com Agency Compliance/Financials/Intralinks: (iii) Email: covenant.compliance@jpmchase.com if to Chase in its capacity as an Issuing Bank, to JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. at: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Wholesale Loan Operations 10 South131 S Dearborn St., L2 Floor 04 Chicago, IL 60603-2300, 60603-5506 Attention: Muoy Lim Fax No: 844-490-5663LC Agency Team Tel: 800-364-1969 Fax: 856-294-5267 Email: chicago.lc.agency.activity.team@jpmchase.com With a copy to: JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Middle Market Banking 250 Pehle Avenue, Suite 105 Saddle Brook, NJ, 07663131 S Dearborn St, Floor 04 Chicago, IL, 60603-5506 Attention: Richard J. Baldwin Fax No: 201-291-8525Loan and Agency Servicing Email: jpm.agency.cri@jpmorgan.com (iv) (iii) if to any other Lender or Issuing Bank, to it at its address or fax number set forth in its Administrative Questionnaire. All such notices and other communications (i) sent by hand or overnight courier service, or mailed by certified or registered mail shall be deemed to have been given when received, (ii) sent by fax shall be 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 112 - deemed to have been given when sent, provided that if not given during normal business hours for the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient, or (iii) delivered through Electronic Systems to the extent provided in paragraph (b) below shall be effective as provided in such paragraph. (b) Notices and other communications to the Lenders hereunder may be delivered or furnished by Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by the Administrative Agent; provided that the foregoing shall not apply to notices pursuant to Article II or to compliance and no Default certificates delivered pursuant to Section 5.01(e) unless otherwise agreed by the Administrative Agent and the applicable Lender. Each of the Administrative Agent and the Borrower (on behalf of the Loan Parties) may, in its discretion, agree to accept notices and other communications to it hereunder by Electronic Systems pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided that approval of such procedures may be limited to particular notices or communications. Unless the Administrative Agent otherwise proscribes, all such notices and other communications (i) sent to an e-mail address shall be deemed received upon the sender s receipt of an acknowledgement from the intended recipient (such as by the return receipt requested function, as available, return e-mail or other written acknowledgement), provided that if not given during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been given at the opening of business on the next Business Day for the recipient, and (ii) posted to an Internet or intranet website shall be deemed received upon the deemed receipt by the intended recipient, at its e-mail address as described in the foregoing clause (i), of notification that such notice or communication is available and identifying the website address therefor; provided that, for both clauses (i) and (ii) above, if such notice, e-mail or other communication is not sent during the normal business hours of the recipient, such notice or communication shall be deemed to have been sent at the opening of business on the next Business Day of the recipient. (c) Any party hereto may change its address, facsimile number or e-mail address for notices and other communications hereunder by notice to the other parties hereto. (d) Electronic Systems. (i) Each Loan Party agrees that the Administrative Agent may, but shall not be obligated to, make Communications (as defined below) available to the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders by posting the Communications on Debt Domain, Intralinks, Syndtrak, ClearPar or a substantially similar Electronic System. (ii) Any Electronic System used by the Administrative Agent is provided as is and as available. The Agent Parties (as defined below) do not warrant the adequacy of such Electronic Systems and expressly disclaim liability for errors or omissions in the Communications. No warranty of any kind, express, implied or statutory, including any warranty of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, non-infringement of third-party rights or freedom from viruses or other code defects, is made by any Agent Party in connection with the Communications or any Electronic System. In no event shall the Administrative Agent or any of its Related Parties (collectively, the Agent Parties have any liability to the Borrower or the other Loan Parties, any Lender, the Issuing Bank or any other Person or entity for damages of any kind, including direct or indirect, special, incidental or consequential damages, losses or expenses (whether in tort, contract or otherwise) arising out of the Borrower s, any Loan Party s or the Administrative Agent s transmission of communications through an Electronic System. Communications means, collectively, any notice, demand, communication, information, document or other material provided by or on behalf of any Loan Party pursuant to any Loan Document or the transactions contemplated therein which is distributed by the Administrative 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 113 - Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank by means of electronic communications pursuant to this Section, including through an Electronic System. SECTION 9.02. Waivers; Amendments. (a) No failure or delay by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender in exercising any right or power hereunder or under any other Loan Document shall operate as a waiver thereof, nor shall any single or partial exercise of any such right or power, or any abandonment or discontinuance of steps to enforce such a right or power, preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise of any other right or power. The rights and remedies of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders hereunder and under any other Loan Document are cumulative and are not exclusive of any rights or remedies that they would otherwise have. No waiver of any provision of any Loan Document or consent to any departure by any Loan Party therefrom shall in any event be effective unless the same shall be permitted by paragraph (b) of this Section, and then such waiver or consent shall be effective only in the specific instance and for the purpose for which given. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the making of a Loan or issuance of a Letter of Credit shall not be construed as a waiver of any Default, regardless of whether the Administrative Agent, any Lender or the Issuing Bank may have had notice or knowledge of such Default at the time. (b) Subject to Section 2.14(c), (d) and, (e) and (f) and Section 9.02(e) below, and except as provided in Sections 2.09(f), neither this Agreement nor any other Loan Document nor any provision hereof or thereof may be waived, amended or modified except (i) in the case of this Agreement, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the Required Lenders or (ii) in the case of any other Loan Document, pursuant to an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Administrative Agent and the Loan Party or Loan Parties that are parties thereto, with the consent of the Required Lenders; provided that no such agreement shall (A) increase the Commitment of any Lender without the written consent of such Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender), (B) reduce or forgive the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement or reduce the rate of interest thereon, provided that any amendment to the financial covenant definitions in this Agreement shall not constitute a reduction in the rate of interest for purposes of this clause (B), or reduce or forgive any interest or fees payable hereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby, (C) postpone any scheduled date of payment of the principal amount of any Loan or LC Disbursement, or any date for the payment of any interest, fees or other Obligations payable hereunder, or reduce the amount of, waive or excuse any such payment (other than, in each case, any prepayment required to be made pursuant to Section 2.11(c) or Section 2.11(d)), or postpone the scheduled date of expiration of any Commitment, without the written consent of each Lender (including any such Lender that is a Defaulting Lender) directly affected thereby, (D) change Section 2.18(b) or (d) in a manner that would alter the manner in which payments are shared, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (E) change any of the provisions of this Section or the definition of Required Lenders or any other provision of any Loan Document specifying the number or percentage of Lenders (or Lenders of any Class) required to waive, amend or modify any rights thereunder or make any determination or grant any consent thereunder, without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (F) change Section 2.20, without the consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), (G) release any Guarantor from its obligation under its Loan Guaranty or Obligation Guaranty (except as otherwise permitted herein or in the other Loan Documents), without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), or (H) except as provided in clause (c) of this Section or in any Collateral Document, release all or substantially all of the Collateral without the written consent of each Lender (other than any Defaulting Lender), or (I) directly or indirectly (x) subordinate the Liens on all or substantially all of the Collateral granted pursuant to the Loan Documents to secure the Obligations to any other Lien or (y) subordinate the Obligations owed to any Lender to any other Indebtedness, in each case, without the written consent of each Lender; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 114 - provided further that no such agreement shall amend, modify or otherwise affect the rights or duties of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank hereunder without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, as the case may be (it being understood that any amendment to Section 2.20 shall require the consent of the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender and the Issuing Bank); provided further that no such agreement shall amend or modify the provisions of Section 2.07 or any letter of credit application and any bilateral agreement between the Borrower and the Issuing Bank regarding the Issuing Bank s Issuing Bank Sublimit or the respective rights and obligations between the Borrower and the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance of Letters of Credit without the prior written consent of the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, respectively. The Administrative Agent may also amend the Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule to reflect assignments entered into pursuant to Section 9.04. Any amendment, waiver or other modification of this Agreement or any other Loan Document that by its terms affects the rights or duties under this Agreement of the Lenders of one or more Classes (but not the Lenders of any other Class), may be effected by an agreement or agreements in writing entered into by the Borrower and the requisite number or percentage in interest of each affected Class of Lenders that would be required to consent thereto under this Section if such Class of Lenders were the only Class of Lenders hereunder at the time. (c) The Lenders and the Issuing Bank hereby irrevocably authorize the Administrative Agent, at its option and in its sole discretion, to release any Liens granted to the Administrative Agent by the Loan Parties on any Collateral (i) upon the termination of all of the Commitments, payment and satisfaction in full in cash of all Secured Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations), and the cash collateralization of all Unliquidated Obligations in a manner satisfactory to each affected Lender, (ii) constituting property being sold or disposed of if the Loan Party disposing of such property certifies to the Administrative Agent that the sale or disposition is made in compliance with the terms of this Agreement (and the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on any such certificate, without further inquiry), and to the extent that the property being sold or disposed of constitutes 100 of the Equity Interests of a Subsidiary, the Administrative Agent is authorized to release any Loan Guaranty provided by such Subsidiary, (iii) constituting property leased to a Loan Party under a lease which has expired or been terminated in a transaction permitted under this Agreement, or (iv) as required to effect any sale or other disposition of such Collateral in connection with any exercise of remedies of the Administrative Agent and the Lenders pursuant to Article VII. Except as provided in the preceding sentence, the Administrative Agent will not release any Liens on Collateral without the prior written authorization of the Required Lenders; provided that the Administrative Agent may, in its discretion, release its Liens on Collateral (x) of a Subsidiary that becomes an Excluded Subsidiary or (y) is valued in the aggregate not in excess of 5,000,000 during any calendar year without the prior written authorization of the Required Lenders (it being agreed that the Administrative Agent may rely conclusively on one or more certificates of the Borrower as to the value of any Collateral to be so released, without further inquiry). Any such release shall not in any manner discharge, affect, or impair the Obligations or any Liens (other than those expressly being released) upon (or obligations of the Loan Parties in respect of) all interests retained by the Loan Parties, including the proceeds of any sale, all of which shall continue to constitute part of the Collateral. Any execution and delivery by the Administrative Agent of documents in connection with any such release shall be without recourse to or warranty by the Administrative Agent. (d) If, in connection with any proposed amendment, waiver or consent requiring the consent of each Lender or each Lender directly affected thereby, the consent of the Required Lenders is obtained, but the consent of other necessary Lenders is not obtained (any such Lender whose consent is necessary but not obtained being referred to herein as a Non-Consenting Lender ), then the Borrower may elect to replace a Non-Consenting Lender as a Lender party to this Agreement, provided that, concurrently with such replacement, (i) another bank or other entity which is reasonably satisfactory to 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 115 - the Borrower, the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank and is not an affiliate of the Sponsor shall agree, as of such date, to purchase for cash the Loans and other Obligations due to the Non-Consenting Lender pursuant to an Assignment and Assumption and to become a Lender for all purposes under this Agreement and to assume all obligations of the Non-Consenting Lender to be terminated as of such date and to comply with the requirements of clause (b) of Section 9.04, and (ii) the Borrower shall pay to such Non-Consenting Lender in same day funds on the day of such replacement (1) all interest, fees and other amounts then accrued but unpaid to such Non-Consenting Lender by the Borrower hereunder to and including the date of termination, including without limitation payments due to such Non-Consenting Lender under Sections 2.15 and 2.17, and (2) an amount, if any, equal to the payment which would have been due to such Lender on the day of such replacement under Section 2.16 had the Loans of such Non-Consenting Lender been prepaid on such date rather than sold to the replacement Lender. (e) Notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein the Administrative Agent may, with the consent of the Borrower only, amend, modify or supplement this Agreement or any of the other Loan Documents to cure any ambiguity, omission, mistake, defect or inconsistency. SECTION 9.03. Expenses; Indemnity; Damage Waiver. (a) The Loan Parties, jointly and severally, shall pay all (i) reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent and its Affiliates, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of counsel for the Administrative Agent, in connection with the syndication and distribution (including, without limitation, via the internet or through an Electronic System) of the credit facilities provided for herein, the preparation and administration of the Loan Documents and any amendments, modifications or waivers of the provisions of the Loan Documents (whether or not the transactions contemplated hereby or thereby shall be consummated), (ii) reasonable out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Issuing Bank in connection with the issuance, amendment, renewal or extension of any Letter of Credit or any demand for payment thereunder and (iii) all documented and out-of-pocket expenses incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of one counsel (other than in-house counsel) for the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender, taken as a whole, and, if reasonably necessary, a single local counsel for the Administrative Agent and the Lenders, taken as a whole, in each relevant jurisdiction, and solely in the case of a perceived conflict of interest, one additional counsel in each relevant jurisdiction in each group of affected Lenders similarly situated, taken as a whole, in connection with the enforcement, collection or protection of its rights in connection with the Loan Documents, including its rights under this Section, or in connection with the Loans made or Letters of Credit issued hereunder, including all such out-of-pocket expenses incurred during any workout, restructuring or negotiations in respect of such Loans or Letters of Credit; provided, however, that in no event shall the Borrower be required to reimburse the Lenders for more than one counsel to the Administrative Agent (and up to one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction and regulatory counsel) and one counsel for all of the other Lenders (and up to one local counsel in each applicable jurisdiction and regulatory counsel), unless a Lender or its counsel determines that it is impractical or inappropriate (or would create actual or potential conflicts of interest) to not have individual counsel, in which case each Lender may have its own counsel which shall be reimbursed in accordance with the foregoing. Expenses being reimbursed by the Loan Parties under this Section include, without limiting the generality of the foregoing, reasonable fees, costs and expenses incurred in connection with: (A) appraisals and insurance reviews; (B) field examinations and the preparation of Reports based on the fees charged by a third party retained by the Administrative Agent or the internally allocated 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 116 - fees for each Person employed by the Administrative Agent with respect to each field examination; (C) background checks regarding senior management and/or key investors, as deemed necessary or appropriate in the sole discretion of the Administrative Agent; (D) Taxes, fees and other charges for (i) lien and title searches and title insurance and (ii) recording the Mortgages, filing financing statements and continuations, and other actions to perfect, protect, and continue the Administrative Agent s Liens; (E) sums paid or incurred to take any action required of any Loan Party under the Loan Documents that such Loan Party fails to pay or take; and (F) forwarding loan proceeds, collecting checks and other items of payment, and establishing and maintaining the accounts and lock boxes, and costs and expenses of preserving and protecting the Collateral. All of the foregoing fees, costs and expenses may be charged to the Borrower as Revolving Loans or to another deposit account, all as described in Section 2.18(c). (b) The Loan Parties, jointly and severally, shall indemnify the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and each Lender, and each Related Party of any of the foregoing Persons (each such Person being called an Indemnitee against, and hold each Indemnitee harmless from, any and all losses, claims, damages, penalties, incremental taxes, liabilities and related expenses, including the reasonable fees, charges and disbursements of any counsel for any Indemnitee, incurred by or asserted against any Indemnitee arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of (i) the execution or delivery of the Loan Documents or any agreement or instrument contemplated thereby, the performance by the parties hereto of their respective obligations thereunder or the consummation of the Transactions or any other transactions contemplated hereby, (ii) any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds therefrom (including any refusal by the Issuing Bank to honor a demand for payment under a Letter of Credit if the documents presented in connection with such demand do not strictly comply with the terms of such Letter of Credit), (iii) any actual or alleged presence or Release of Hazardous Materials on or from any property owned or operated by a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, or any Environmental Liability related in any way to a Loan Party or a Subsidiary, (iv) the failure of a Loan Party to deliver to the Administrative Agent the required receipts or other required documentary evidence with respect to a payment made by such Loan Party for Taxes pursuant to Section 2.17, or (v) any actual or prospective claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding relating to any of the foregoing, whether or not such claim, litigation, investigation or proceeding is brought by any Loan Party or their respective equity holders, Affiliates, creditors or any other third Person and whether based on contract, tort or any other theory and regardless of whether any Indemnitee is a party thereto; provided that such indemnity shall not, as to any Indemnitee, be available to the extent that such losses, claims, damages, penalties, liabilities or related expenses are determined by a court of competent jurisdiction by final and nonappealable judgment to have resulted from the gross negligence or willful misconduct of such Indemnitee. This Section 9.03(b) shall not apply with respect to Taxes other than any Taxes that represent losses or damages arising from any non-Tax claim. (c) To the extent that any Loan Party fails to pay any amount required to be paid by it to the Administrative Agent (or any sub-agent thereof), the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank (or any Related Party of any of the foregoing) under paragraph (a) or (b) of this Section, each Lender severally agrees to pay to the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank (or any Related Party of any of the foregoing), as the case may be, such Lender s Applicable Percentage 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 117 - (determined as of the time that the applicable unreimbursed expense or indemnity payment is sought) of such unpaid amount (it being understood that the Borrower s failure to pay any such amount shall not relieve the Borrower of any default in the payment thereof); provided that the unreimbursed expense or indemnified loss, claim, damage, penalty, liability or related expense, as the case may be, was incurred by or asserted against the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank in its capacity as such. (d) To the extent permitted by applicable law, no Loan Party shall assert, and each Loan Party hereby waives, any claim against any Indemnitee, (i) for any damages arising from the use by others of information or other materials obtained through telecommunications, electronic or other information transmission systems (including the Internet), or (ii) on any theory of liability, for special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages (as opposed to direct or actual damages) arising out of, in connection with, or as a result of, this Agreement, any other Loan Document, or any agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or thereby, the Transactions, any Loan or Letter of Credit or the use of the proceeds thereof; provided that, nothing in this paragraph (d) shall relieve any Loan Party of any obligation it may have to indemnify an Indemnitee against special, indirect, consequential or punitive damages asserted against such Indemnitee by a third party. (e) All amounts due under this Section shall be payable after written demand therefor. SECTION 9.04. Successors and Assigns. (a) The provisions of this Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), except that (i) the Borrower may not assign or otherwise transfer any of its rights or obligations hereunder without the prior written consent of each Lender (and any attempted assignment or transfer by the Borrower without such consent shall be null and void) and (ii) no Lender may assign or otherwise transfer its rights or obligations hereunder except in accordance with this Section. Nothing in this Agreement, expressed or implied, shall be construed to confer upon any Person (other than the parties hereto, their respective successors and assigns permitted hereby (including any Affiliate of the Issuing Bank that issues any Letter of Credit), Participants (to the extent provided in paragraph (c) of this Section) and, to the extent expressly contemplated hereby, the Related Parties of each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders) any legal or equitable right, remedy or claim under or by reason of this Agreement. (b) (i) Subject to the conditions set forth in paragraph (b)(ii) below, any Lender may assign to one or more Persons (other than an Ineligible Institution or a Competitor of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries) all or a portion of its rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment, participations in Letters of Credit and the Loans at the time owing to it) with the prior written consent (such consent not to be unreasonably withheld) of: (A) the Borrower, provided that the Borrower shall be deemed to have consented to (x) any assignment of Revolving Loans or Revolving Commitments unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within ten (10) Business Days after having received written notice thereof and (y) any assignment of Term Loans unless it shall object thereto by written notice to the Administrative Agent within three (3) Business Days after having received written notice thereof, and provided further that no consent of the Borrower shall be required for an assignment to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender, an Approved Fund or, if a Specified Event of Default has occurred and is continuing, any other assignee; 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 118 - (B) the Administrative Agent, provided that no consent of the Administrative Agent shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of any Loan to a Lender, an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund; (C) the Issuing Bank, provided that no consent of the Issuing Bank shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of any Loan; and (D) the Swingline Lender, provided that no consent of the Swingline Lender shall be required for an assignment of all or any portion of a Term Loan. (ii) Assignments shall be subject to the following additional conditions: (A) except in the case of an assignment to a Lender or an Affiliate of a Lender or an Approved Fund or an assignment of the entire remaining amount of the assigning Lender s Commitment or Loans of any Class, the amount of the Commitment or Loans of the assigning Lender subject to each such assignment (determined as of the date the Assignment and Assumption with respect to such assignment is delivered to the Administrative Agent) shall not be less than 5,000,000 or, in the case of a Term Loan, 1,000,000 unless each of the Borrower and the Administrative Agent otherwise consent, provided that no such consent of the Borrower shall be required if an Event of Default has occurred and is continuing; (B) each partial assignment shall be made as an assignment of a proportionate part of all the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement including Revolving Commitments and Term Loans; (C) the parties to each assignment shall execute and deliver to the Administrative Agent (x) an Assignment and Assumption or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, together with a processing and recordation fee of 3,500; and (D) the assignee, if it shall not be a Lender, shall deliver to the Administrative Agent an Administrative Questionnaire in which the assignee designates one or more credit contacts to whom all syndicate-level information (which may contain material non-public information about the Borrower, the other Loan Parties and their Related Parties or their respective securities) will be made available and who may receive such information in accordance with the assignee s compliance procedures and applicable laws, including federal and state securities laws. For the purposes of this Section 9.04(b), the terms Approved Fund and Ineligible Institution have the following meanings: Approved Fund means any Person (other than a natural person) that is engaged in making, purchasing, holding or investing in bank loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business and that is administered or managed by (a) a Lender, (b) an Affiliate of a Lender or (c) an entity or an Affiliate of an entity that administers or manages a Lender. Ineligible Institution means a (a) natural person, (b) a Defaulting Lender or its Parent, (c) holding company, investment vehicle or trust for, or owned and operated for the primary benefit of, a 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 119 - natural person or relative(s) thereof; provided that, such holding company, investment vehicle or trust shall not constitute an Ineligible Institution if it (x) has not been established for the primary purpose of acquiring any Loans or Commitments, (y) is managed by a professional advisor, who is not such natural person or a relative thereof, having significant experience in the business of making or purchasing commercial loans, and (z) has assets greater than 25,000,000 and a significant part of its activities consist of making or purchasing commercial loans and similar extensions of credit in the ordinary course of its business; provided that upon the occurrence of an Event of Default, any Person (other than a Lender) shall be an Ineligible Institution if after giving effect to any proposed assignment to such Person, such Person would hold more than 25 of the then outstanding Aggregate Credit Exposure or Commitments, as the case may be or (d) a Loan Party or a Subsidiary or other Affiliate of a Loan Party. (iii) Subject to acceptance and recording thereof pursuant to paragraph (b)(iv) of this Section, from and after the effective date specified in each Assignment and Assumption, the assignee thereunder shall be a party hereto and, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, have the rights and obligations of a Lender under this Agreement, and the assigning Lender thereunder shall, to the extent of the interest assigned by such Assignment and Assumption, be released from its obligations under this Agreement (and, in the case of an Assignment and Assumption covering all of the assigning Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement, such Lender shall cease to be a party hereto but shall continue to be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03). Any assignment or transfer by a Lender of rights or obligations under this Agreement that does not comply with this Section 9.04 shall be treated for purposes of this Agreement as a sale by such Lender of a participation in such rights and obligations in accordance with paragraph (c) of this Section. (iv) The Administrative Agent, acting for this purpose as a non-fiduciary agent of the Borrower, shall maintain at one of its offices a copy of each Assignment and Assumption delivered to it and a register for the recordation of the names and addresses of the Lenders, and the Commitment of, and principal amount of the Loans and LC Disbursements owing to, each Lender pursuant to the terms hereof from time to time (the Register ). The entries in the Register shall be conclusive (absent manifest error), and the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Register pursuant to the terms hereof as a Lender hereunder for all purposes of this Agreement, notwithstanding notice to the contrary. The Register shall be available for inspection by the Borrower, the Issuing Bank and any Lender, at any reasonable time and from time to time upon reasonable prior notice. (v) Upon its receipt of (x) a duly completed Assignment and Assumption executed by an assigning Lender and an assignee or (y) to the extent applicable, an agreement incorporating an Assignment and Assumption by reference pursuant to a Platform as to which the Administrative Agent and the parties to the Assignment and Assumption are participants, the assignee s completed Administrative Questionnaire (unless the assignee shall already be a Lender hereunder), the processing and recordation fee referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section and any written consent to such assignment required by paragraph (b) of this Section, the Administrative Agent shall accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information contained therein in the Register; provided that if either the assigning Lender or the assignee shall have failed to make any payment required to be made by it pursuant to Section 2.05, 2.06(d) or (e), 2.07(b), 2.18(d) or 9.03(c), the Administrative Agent shall have no obligation to accept such Assignment and Assumption and record the information therein in the Register unless and until such payment shall have been made in full, together with all accrued interest thereon. No 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 120 - assignment shall be effective for purposes of this Agreement unless it has been recorded in the Register as provided in this paragraph. (c) Any Lender may, without the consent of the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Swingline Lender or the Issuing Bank, sell participations to one or more banks or other entities (a Participant other than an Ineligible Institution or a Competitor of the Borrower or any of its Subsidiaries in all or a portion of such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement (including all or a portion of its Commitment and the Loans owing to it); provided that (i) such Lender s obligations under this Agreement shall remain unchanged; (ii) such Lender shall remain solely responsible to the other parties hereto for the performance of such obligations; and (iii) the Borrower, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the other Lenders shall continue to deal solely and directly with such Lender in connection with such Lender s rights and obligations under this Agreement. Any agreement or instrument pursuant to which a Lender sells such a participation shall provide that such Lender shall retain the sole right to enforce this Agreement and to approve any amendment, modification or waiver of any provision of this Agreement; provided that such agreement or instrument may provide that such Lender will not, without the consent of the Participant, agree to any amendment, modification or waiver described in the first proviso to Section 9.02(b) that affects such Participant. The Borrower agrees that each Participant shall be entitled to the benefits of Sections 2.15, 2.16 and 2.17 (subject to the requirements and limitations therein, including the requirements under Sections 2.17(f) and (g) (it being understood that the documentation required under Section 2.17(f) shall be delivered to the participating Lender and the information and documentation required under Section 2.17(g) will be delivered to the Borrower and the Administrative Agent)) to the same extent as if it were a Lender and had acquired its interest by assignment pursuant to paragraph (b) of this Section; provided that such Participant (A) agrees to be subject to the provisions of Sections 2.18 and 2.19 as if it were an assignee under paragraph (b) of this Section; and (B) shall not be entitled to receive any greater payment under Sections 2.15 or 2.17 with respect to any participation than its participating Lender would have been entitled to receive, except to the extent such entitlement to receive a greater payment results from a Change in Law that occurs after the Participant acquired the applicable participation. Each Lender that sells a participation agrees, at the Borrower s request and expense, to use reasonable efforts to cooperate with the Borrower to effectuate the provisions of Section 2.19(b) with respect to any Participant. To the extent permitted by law, each Participant also shall be entitled to the benefits of Section 9.08 as though it were a Lender, provided such Participant agrees to be subject to Section 2.18(d) as though it were a Lender. Each Lender that sells a participation shall, acting solely for this purpose as an agent of the Borrower, maintain a register on which it enters the name and address of each Participant and the principal amounts (and stated interest) of each Participant s interest in the Loans or other obligations under this Agreement or any other Loan Document (the Participant Register provided that no Lender shall have any obligation to disclose all or any portion of the Participant Register (including the identity of any Participant or any information relating to a Participant s interest in any Commitments, Loans, Letters of Credit or its other obligations under this Agreement) to any Person except to the extent that such disclosure is necessary to establish that such Commitment, Loan, Letter of Credit or other obligation is in registered form under Section 5f.103-1(c) of the United States Treasury Regulations. The entries in the Participant Register shall be conclusive absent manifest error, and such Lender shall treat each Person whose name is recorded in the Participant Register as the owner of such participation for all purposes of this Agreement notwithstanding any notice to the contrary. For the avoidance of doubt, the Administrative Agent (in its capacity as Administrative Agent) shall have no responsibility for maintaining a Participant Register. (d) Any Lender may at any time pledge or assign a security interest in all or any portion of its rights under this Agreement to secure obligations of such Lender, including without limitation any pledge or assignment to secure obligations to a Federal Reserve Bank, and this Section 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 121 - shall not apply to any such pledge or assignment of a security interest; provided that no such pledge or assignment of a security interest shall release a Lender from any of its obligations hereunder or substitute any such pledgee or assignee for such Lender as a party hereto. SECTION 9.05. Survival. All covenants, agreements, representations and warranties made by the Loan Parties in the Loan Documents and in the certificates or other instruments delivered in connection with or pursuant to this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall be considered to have been relied upon by the other parties hereto and shall survive the execution and delivery of the Loan Documents and the making of any Loans and issuance of any Letters of Credit, regardless of any investigation made by any such other party or on its behalf and notwithstanding that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may have had notice or knowledge of any Default or incorrect representation or warranty at the time any credit is extended hereunder, and shall continue in full force and effect as long as the principal of or any accrued interest on any Loan or any fee or any other amount payable under this Agreement is outstanding and unpaid (except for Unliquidated Obligations) or any Letter of Credit is outstanding (unless such Letter of Credit has been cash collateralized in a manner satisfactory to the Issuing Bank) and so long as the Commitments have not expired or terminated. The provisions of Sections 2.15, 2.16, 2.17 and 9.03 and Article VIII shall survive and remain in full force and effect regardless of the consummation of the transactions contemplated hereby, the repayment of the Loans, the expiration or termination of the Letters of Credit and the Commitments or the termination of this Agreement or any other Loan Document or any provision hereof or thereof. SECTION 9.06. Counterparts; Integration; Effectiveness; Electronic Execution. (a) This Agreement may be executed in counterparts (and by different parties hereto on different counterparts), each of which shall constitute an original, but all of which when taken together shall constitute a single contract. This Agreement, the other Loan Documents and any separate letter agreements with respect to (i) fees payable to the Administrative Agent and (ii) increases or reductions of the Issuing Bank Sublimit of the Issuing Bank constitute the entire contract among the parties relating to the subject matter hereof and supersede any and all previous agreements and understandings, oral or written, relating to the subject matter hereof. Except as provided in Section 4.01, this Agreement shall become effective when it shall have been executed by the Administrative Agent and when the Administrative Agent shall have received counterparts hereof which, when taken together, bear the signatures of each of the other parties hereto, and thereafter shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the parties hereto and their respective successors and assigns. (b) Delivery of an executed counterpart of a signature page of (x) this Agreement, (y) any other Loan Document and/or (z) any document, amendment, approval, consent, information, notice (including, for the avoidance of doubt, any notice delivered pursuant to Section 9.01), certificate, request, statement, disclosure or authorization related to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or the transactions contemplated hereby and/or thereby (each an Ancillary Document that is an Electronic Signature transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page shall be effective as delivery of a manually executed counterpart of this Agreement, such other Loan Document or such Ancillary Document, as applicable. The words execution, signed, signature, delivery, and words of like import in or relating to this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall be deemed to include Electronic Signatures, deliveries or the keeping of records in any electronic form (including deliveries by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page), each of which shall be of the same legal effect, validity or enforceability as a manually executed signature, physical delivery thereof or the use of a paper-based recordkeeping system, as the case may be; provided that nothing herein shall require the Administrative Agent to accept Electronic Signatures in any form or format without its prior written consent and pursuant to procedures approved by it; provided, further, without limiting the foregoing, (i) to the extent the Administrative Agent has agreed to accept any 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 122 - Electronic Signature, the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders shall be entitled to rely on such Electronic Signature purportedly given by or on behalf of the Borrower or any other Loan Party without further verification thereof and without any obligation to review the appearance or form of any such Electronic Signature and (ii) upon the request of the Administrative Agent or any Lender, any Electronic Signature shall be promptly followed by a manually executed counterpart. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Borrower and each Loan Party hereby (A) agrees that, for all purposes, including without limitation, in connection with any workout, restructuring, enforcement of remedies, bankruptcy proceedings or litigation among the Administrative Agent, the Lenders, the Borrower and the Loan Parties, Electronic Signatures transmitted by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page and/or any electronic images of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as any paper original, (B) the Administrative Agent and each of the Lenders may, at its option, create one or more copies of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document in the form of an imaged electronic record in any format, which shall be deemed created in the ordinary course of such Person s business, and destroy the original paper document (and all such electronic records shall be considered an original for all purposes and shall have the same legal effect, validity and enforceability as a paper record), (C) waives any argument, defense or right to contest the legal effect, validity or enforceability of this Agreement, any other Loan Document and/or any Ancillary Document based solely on the lack of paper original copies of this Agreement, such other Loan Document and/or such Ancillary Document, respectively, including with respect to any signature pages thereto and (D) waives any claim against any Lender-Related Person for any Liabilities arising solely from the Administrative Agent s and/or any Lender s reliance on or use of Electronic Signatures and/or transmissions by telecopy, emailed pdf. or any other electronic means that reproduces an image of an actual executed signature page, including any Liabilities arising as a result of the failure of the Borrower and/or any Loan Party to use any available security measures in connection with the execution, delivery or transmission of any Electronic Signature. SECTION 9.07. Severability. Any provision of any Loan Document held to be invalid, illegal or unenforceable in any jurisdiction shall, as to such jurisdiction, be ineffective to the extent of such invalidity, illegality or unenforceability without affecting the validity, legality and enforceability of the remaining provisions thereof; and the invalidity of a particular provision in a particular jurisdiction shall not invalidate such provision in any other jurisdiction. SECTION 9.08. Right of Setoff. If an Event of Default shall have occurred and be continuing, each Lender and each of its Affiliates is hereby authorized at any time and from time to time, to the fullest extent permitted by law, to set off and apply any and all deposits (general or special, time or demand, provisional or final) at any time held and other obligations at any time owing by such Lender or Affiliate to or for the credit or the account of any Loan Party against any of and all the Secured Obligations held by such Lender, irrespective of whether or not such Lender shall have made any demand under the Loan Documents and although such obligations may be unmatured. The applicable Lender shall notify the Borrower and the Administrative Agent of such set-off or application, provided that any failure to give or any delay in giving such notice shall not affect the validity of any such set-off or application under this Section. The rights of each Lender under this Section are in addition to other rights and remedies (including other rights of setoff) which such Lender may have. SECTION 9.09. Governing Law; Jurisdiction; Consent to Service of Process. (a) The Loan Documents (other than those containing a contrary express choice of law provision) shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the internal laws of the State of 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 123 - New York, pursuant to Section 5-1401 of the General Obligations Law of the State of New York, without regard to principles of conflicts of law, but giving effect to federal laws applicable to national banks. (b) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally submits, for itself and its property, to the exclusive jurisdiction of any U.S. federal or New York state court sitting in New York, New York in any action or proceeding arising out of or relating to any Loan Documents, or for recognition or enforcement of any judgment, and each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably and unconditionally agrees that all claims in respect of any such action or proceeding may be heard and determined in such state court or, to the extent permitted by law, in such federal court. Each of the parties hereto agrees that a final judgment in any such action or proceeding shall be conclusive and may be enforced in other jurisdictions by suit on the judgment or in any other manner provided by law. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document shall affect any right that the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender may otherwise have to bring any action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document against any Loan Party or its properties in the courts of any jurisdiction. (c) Each Loan Party hereby irrevocably and unconditionally waives, to the fullest extent it may legally and effectively do so, any objection which it may now or hereafter have to the laying of venue of any suit, action or proceeding arising out of or relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document in any court referred to in paragraph (b) of this Section. Each of the parties hereto hereby irrevocably waives, to the fullest extent permitted by law, the defense of an inconvenient forum to the maintenance of such action or proceeding in any such court. (d) Each party to this Agreement irrevocably consents to service of process in the manner provided for notices in Section 9.01. Nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will affect the right of any party to this Agreement to serve process in any other manner permitted by law. SECTION 9.10. WAIVER OF JURY TRIAL. EACH PARTY HERETO HEREBY WAIVES, TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY APPLICABLE LAW, ANY RIGHT IT MAY HAVE TO A TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT, ANY OTHER LOAN DOCUMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS CONTEMPLATED HEREBY OR THEREBY (WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT OR ANY OTHER THEORY). EACH PARTY HERETO (A) CERTIFIES THAT NO REPRESENTATIVE OR OTHER AGENT (INCLUDING ANY ATTORNEY) OF ANY OTHER PARTY HAS REPRESENTED, EXPRESSLY OR OTHERWISE, THAT SUCH OTHER PARTY WOULD NOT, IN THE EVENT OF LITIGATION, SEEK TO ENFORCE THE FOREGOING WAIVER AND (B) ACKNOWLEDGES THAT IT AND THE OTHER PARTIES HERETO HAVE BEEN INDUCED TO ENTER INTO THIS AGREEMENT BY, AMONG OTHER THINGS, THE MUTUAL WAIVERS AND CERTIFICATIONS IN THIS SECTION. SECTION 9.11. Headings. Article and Section headings and the Table of Contents used herein are for convenience of reference only, are not part of this Agreement and shall not affect the construction of, or be taken into consideration in interpreting, this Agreement. SECTION 9.12. Confidentiality. Each of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders agrees to maintain the confidentiality of the Information (as defined below), except that Information may be disclosed (a) to its and its Affiliates directors, officers, employees and agents, including accountants, legal counsel and other advisors (it being understood that the Persons to whom such disclosure is made will be informed of the confidential nature of such Information and instructed to keep such Information confidential), (b) to the extent requested by any Governmental Authority (including any self-regulatory authority, such as the National Association of Insurance Commissioners), 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 124 - (c) to the extent required by any Requirement of Law or by any subpoena or similar legal process, (d) to any other party to this Agreement, (e) in connection with the exercise of any remedies hereunder or under any other Loan Document or any suit, action or proceeding relating to this Agreement or any other Loan Document or the enforcement of rights hereunder or thereunder, (f) subject to an agreement containing provisions substantially the same as those of this Section, to (x) any assignee of or Participant in, or any prospective assignee of or Participant in, any of its rights or obligations under this Agreement or (y) any actual or prospective counterparty (or its advisors) to any swap or derivative transaction relating to the Loan Parties and their obligations, (g) with the prior written consent of the Borrower, (h) to holders of Equity Interests in the Borrower, (i) to any Person providing a Guarantee of all or any portion of the Secured Obligations, or (j) to the extent such Information (x) becomes publicly available other than as a result of a breach of this Section or (y) becomes available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis from a source other than the Borrower. For the purposes of this Section, Information means all information received from the Borrower relating to the Borrower or its business, other than any such information that is available to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender on a non-confidential basis prior to disclosure by the Borrower and other than information pertaining to this Agreement provided by arrangers to data service providers, including league table providers, that serve the lending industry; provided that, in the case of information received from the Borrower after the date hereof, such information is clearly identified at the time of delivery as confidential. Any Person required to maintain the confidentiality of Information as provided in this Section shall be considered to have complied with its obligation to do so if such Person has exercised the same degree of care to maintain the confidentiality of such Information as such Person would accord to its own confidential information. Each Loan Party consents to the publication by the Administrative Agent or any Lender of customary advertising material relating to the transactions contemplated hereby using the name, product photographs, logo or trademark of such Loan Party. In addition, the Administrative Agent and the Lenders may disclose the existence of this Agreement and information about this Agreement to market data collectors and similar service providers to the lending industry in the ordinary course of such Person s business and in a manner consistent with the public disclosures made by such Person in respect of similar financings and service providers to the agents and the Lenders in connection with the administration of this Agreement, the other Loan Documents and the Commitments. SECTION 9.13. Several Obligations; Nonreliance; Violation of Law. The respective obligations of the Lenders hereunder are several and not joint and the failure of any Lender to make any Loan or perform any of its obligations hereunder shall not relieve any other Lender from any of its obligations hereunder. Each Lender hereby represents that it is not relying on or looking to any margin stock (as defined in Regulation U of the Board) for the repayment of the Borrowings provided for herein. Anything contained in this Agreement to the contrary notwithstanding, neither the Issuing Bank nor any Lender shall be obligated to extend credit to the Borrower in violation of any Requirement of Law. SECTION 9.14. USA PATRIOT Act. Each Lender that is subject to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act hereby notifies each Loan Party that pursuant to the requirements of the USA PATRIOT Act, it is required to obtain, verify and record information that identifies such Loan Party, which information includes the name and address of such Loan Party and other information that will allow such Lender to identify such Loan Party in accordance with the USA PATRIOT Act. SECTION 9.15. Disclosure. Each Loan Party, each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby acknowledges and agrees that the Administrative Agent and/or its Affiliates from time to time may hold investments in, make other loans to or have other relationships with, any of the Loan Parties and their respective Affiliates. In addition, each Loan Party, each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby acknowledges that Chase and any of its affiliates is a counterparty to a Material Contract with Borrower and/or one or more other Loan Parties and each Loan Party, each Lender and the Issuing Bank hereby acknowledges that Chase and any of its affiliates may exercise any rights or remedies available to Chase 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 125 - or its Affiliates under any such Material Contract and nothing in this Agreement or any other Loan Document will impair or affect Chase and its Affiliates rights under any such Material Contract. Each Lender also acknowledges that Chase and its affiliates have no obligation to use in connection with the Transactions, or to furnish to such Lender, confidential information obtained by it in connection with its activities under any Material Contract. SECTION 9.16. Appointment for Perfection. Each Lender hereby appoints each other Lender as its agent for the purpose of perfecting Liens, for the benefit of the Administrative Agent and the Secured Parties, in assets which, in accordance with Article 9 of the UCC or any other applicable law can be perfected only by possession or control. Should any Lender (other than the Administrative Agent) obtain possession or control of any such Collateral, such Lender shall notify the Administrative Agent thereof, and, promptly upon the Administrative Agent s request therefor shall deliver such Collateral to the Administrative Agent or otherwise deal with such Collateral in accordance with the Administrative Agent s instructions. SECTION 9.17. Interest Rate Limitation. Notwithstanding anything herein to the contrary, if at any time the interest rate applicable to any Loan, together with all fees, charges and other amounts which are treated as interest on such Loan under applicable law (collectively the Charges ), shall exceed the maximum lawful rate (the Maximum Rate which may be contracted for, charged, taken, received or reserved by the Lender holding such Loan in accordance with applicable law, the rate of interest payable in respect of such Loan hereunder, together with all Charges payable in respect thereof, shall be limited to the Maximum Rate and, to the extent lawful, the interest and Charges that would have been payable in respect of such Loan but were not payable as a result of the operation of this Section shall be cumulated and the interest and Charges payable to such Lender in respect of other Loans or periods shall be increased (but not above the Maximum Rate therefor) until such cumulated amount, together with interest thereon at the Federal Funds Effective Rate to the date of repayment, shall have been received by such Lender. SECTION 9.18. Marketing Consent. The Borrower hereby authorizes Chase and its affiliates (collectively, the Chase Parties ), at their respective sole expense, but without any prior approval by the Borrower, to include the Borrower s name and logo in advertising slicks posted on its internet site, in pitchbooks or sent in mailings to prospective customers and to give such other publicity to this Agreement as each may from time to time determine in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding the foregoing, Chase Parties shall not publish the Borrower s name in a newspaper or magazine without obtaining the Borrower s prior written approval. The foregoing authorization shall remain in effect unless the Borrower notifies Chase in writing that such authorization is revoked. SECTION 9.19. Acknowledgement and Consent to Bail-In of Affected Financial Institutions. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary in any Loan Document or in any other agreement, arrangement or understanding among any such parties, each party hereto acknowledges that any liability of any Affected Financial Institution arising under any Loan Document may be subject to the Write-Down and Conversion Powers of the applicable Resolution Authority and agrees and consents to, and acknowledges and agrees to be bound by: (a) the application of any Write-Down and Conversion Powers by the applicable Resolution Authority to any such liabilities arising hereunder which may be payable to it by any party hereto that is an Affected Financial Institution; and (b) the effects of any Bail-In Action on any such liability, including, if applicable: 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 126 - (i) a reduction in full or in part or cancellation of any such liability; (ii) a conversion of all, or a portion of, such liability into shares or other instruments of ownership in such Affected Financial Institution, its parent entity, or a bridge institution that may be issued to it or otherwise conferred on it, and that such shares or other instruments of ownership will be accepted by it in lieu of any rights with respect to any such liability under this Agreement or any other Loan Document; or (iii) the variation of the terms of such liability in connection with the exercise of the write-down and conversion powers of any the applicable Resolution Authority. SECTION 9.20. No Fiduciary Duty, etc. Each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its subsidiaries understanding, that no Credit Party will have any obligations except those obligations expressly set forth herein and in the other Loan Documents and each Credit Party is acting solely in the capacity of an arm s length contractual counterparty to the Loan Parties with respect to the Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated therein and not as a financial advisor or a fiduciary to, or an agent of, any Loan Party or any other person. Each Loan Party agrees that it will not assert any claim against any Credit Party based on an alleged breach of fiduciary duty by such Credit Party in connection with this Agreement and the transactions contemplated hereby. Additionally, each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that no Credit Party is advising any Loan Party as to any legal, tax, investment, accounting, regulatory or any other matters in any jurisdiction. Each Loan Party shall consult with its own advisors concerning such matters and shall be responsible for making its own independent investigation and appraisal of the transactions contemplated hereby, and the Credit Parties shall have no responsibility or liability to any Loan Party with respect thereto. Each Loan Party further acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party, together with its affiliates, is a full service securities or banking firm engaged in securities trading and brokerage activities as well as providing investment banking and other financial services. In the ordinary course of business, any Credit Party may provide investment banking and other financial services to, and/or acquire, hold or sell, for its own accounts and the accounts of customers, equity, debt and other securities and financial instruments (including bank loans and other obligations) of, the Loan Parties and other companies with which the Loan Parties may have commercial or other relationships. With respect to any securities and/or financial instruments so held by any Credit Party or any of its customers, all rights in respect of such securities and financial instruments, including any voting rights, will be exercised by the holder of the rights, in its sole discretion. In addition, each Loan Party acknowledges and agrees, and acknowledges its subsidiaries understanding, that each Credit Party and its affiliates may be providing debt financing, equity capital or other services (including financial advisory services) to other companies in respect of which the Loan Parties may have conflicting interests regarding the transactions described herein and otherwise. No Credit Party will use confidential information obtained from any Loan Party by virtue of the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents or its other relationships with the Loan Parties in connection with the performance by such Credit Party of services for other companies, and no Credit Party will furnish any such information to other companies. Each Loan Party also acknowledges that no Credit Party has any obligation to use in connection with the transactions contemplated by the Loan Documents, or to furnish to any Loan Party, confidential information obtained from other companies. SECTION 9.21. Amendment and Restatement. (a) On the Restatement Date, the Existing Credit Agreement shall be amended, restated and superseded in its entirety hereby. The parties hereto acknowledge and agree that (i) this 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 127 - Agreement, any promissory notes delivered pursuant to Section 2.10(h) and the other Loan Documents executed and delivered in connection herewith do not constitute a novation, payment and reborrowing, refinancing or termination of the obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement as in effect prior to the Restatement Date; (ii) the Loans (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) have not become due and payable prior to the Restatement Date as a result of the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement; (iii) such obligations are in all respects continuing with only the terms thereof being modified as provided in this Agreement; (iv) upon the effectiveness of this Agreement all loans and letters of credit outstanding under the Existing Credit Agreement immediately before the effectiveness of this Agreement will be part of the Loans and Letters of Credit hereunder on the terms and conditions set forth in this Agreement; and (v) the Liens granted under the Existing Credit Agreement and the other Collateral Documents (as defined in the Existing Credit Agreement) securing payment of such obligations are in all respects ratified, confirmed, and continuing and in full force and effect, without interruption or impairment of any kind, after giving effect to this Agreement and the other Loan Documents and the transactions contemplated hereby and shall continue to secure the Obligations (as defined herein), except to the extent such Collateral Documents are amended, restated, modified or otherwise supplemented on the Restatement Date. (b) Notwithstanding the modifications effected by this Agreement of the representations, warranties and covenants of any Loan Party contained in the Existing Credit Agreement, such Loan Party acknowledges and agrees that any causes of action or other rights created prior to the Restatement Date in favor of any Lender and its successors arising out of the representations and warranties of such Loan Party and contained in or delivered (including representations and warranties delivered in connection with the making of the loans or other extensions of credit thereunder) in connection with the Existing Credit Agreement or any other Loan Document executed in connection therewith prior to the Restatement Date shall survive the execution and delivery of this Agreement; provided, however, that it is understood and agreed that the Borrowers monetary obligations under the Existing Credit Agreement in respect of the loans and letters of credit thereunder are now monetary obligations of the Borrowers as evidenced by this Agreement as provided in Section 2 hereof. (c) All indemnification obligations of any Loan Party pursuant to the Existing Credit Agreement (including any arising from a breach of the representations thereunder) with respect to any losses, claims, damages, liabilities and related expenses occurring prior to the Restatement Date shall survive the amendment and restatement of the Existing Credit Agreement pursuant to this Agreement. All costs and expenses which were due and owing under the Existing Credit Agreement shall continue to be due and owing under, and shall be due and payable in accordance with, this Agreement. (d) On and after the Restatement Date, each reference in the Loan Documents to the Credit Agreement , thereunder , thereof or similar words referring to the Existing Credit Agreement shall mean and be a reference to this Agreement. SECTION 9.22. Acknowledgement Regarding Any Supported QFCs. To the extent that the Loan Documents provide support, through a guarantee or otherwise, for Swap Agreements or any other agreement or instrument that is a QFC (such support QFC Credit Support and each such QFC a Supported QFC ), the parties acknowledge and agree as follows with respect to the resolution power of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation under the Federal Deposit Insurance Act and Title II of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (together with the regulations promulgated thereunder, the U.S. Special Resolution Regimes in respect of such Supported QFC and QFC Credit Support (with the provisions below applicable notwithstanding that the Loan Documents and any Supported QFC may in fact be stated to be governed by the laws of the State of New York and/or of the United States or any other state of the United States): 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 128 - In the event a Covered Entity that is party to a Supported QFC (each, a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, the transfer of such Supported QFC and the benefit of such QFC Credit Support (and any interest and obligation in or under such Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support, and any rights in property securing such Supported QFC or such QFC Credit Support) from such Covered Party will be effective to the same extent as the transfer would be effective under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and such QFC Credit Support (and any such interest, obligation and rights in property) were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. In the event a Covered Party or a BHC Act Affiliate of a Covered Party becomes subject to a proceeding under a U.S. Special Resolution Regime, Default Rights under the Loan Documents that might otherwise apply to such Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support that may be exercised against such Covered Party are permitted to be exercised to no greater extent than such Default Rights could be exercised under the U.S. Special Resolution Regime if the Supported QFC and the Loan Documents were governed by the laws of the United States or a state of the United States. Without limitation of the foregoing, it is understood and agreed that rights and remedies of the parties with respect to a Defaulting Lender shall in no event affect the rights of any Covered Party with respect to a Supported QFC or any QFC Credit Support. ARTICLE X Loan Guaranty SECTION 10.01. Guaranty. Each Loan Guarantor (other than those that have delivered a separate Obligation Guaranty) hereby agrees that it is jointly and severally liable for, and, as a primary obligor and not merely as surety, absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably guarantees to the Secured Parties, the prompt payment when due, whether at stated maturity, upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter, of the Secured Obligations and all costs and expenses including, without limitation, all court costs and reasonable attorneys and paralegals fees (including allocated costs of in-house counsel and paralegals) and expenses paid or incurred by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders in endeavoring to collect all or any part of the Secured Obligations from, or in prosecuting any action against, the Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other guarantor of all or any part of the Secured Obligations (such costs and expenses, together with the Secured Obligations, collectively the Guaranteed Obligations provided, however, that the definition of Guaranteed Obligations shall not create any guarantee by any Loan Guarantor of (or grant of security interest by any Loan Guarantor to support, as applicable) any Excluded Swap Obligations of such Loan Guarantor for purposes of determining any obligations of any Loan Guarantor. Each Loan Guarantor further agrees that the Guaranteed Obligations may be extended or renewed in whole or in part without notice to or further assent from it, and that it remains bound upon its guarantee notwithstanding any such extension or renewal. All terms of this Loan Guaranty apply to and may be enforced by or on behalf of any domestic or foreign branch or Affiliate of any Lender that extended any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations. SECTION 10.02. Guaranty of Payment. This Loan Guaranty is a guaranty of payment and not of collection. Each Loan Guarantor waives any right to require the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to sue the Borrower, any Loan Guarantor, any other guarantor of, or any other Person obligated for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations (each, an Obligated Party ), or otherwise to enforce its payment against any collateral securing all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations. SECTION 10.03. No Discharge or Diminishment of Loan Guaranty. (a) Except as otherwise provided for herein, the obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are unconditional and absolute and not subject to any reduction, limitation, impairment or termination for any reason (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations), including: (i) any claim of waiver, release, extension, renewal, settlement, surrender, 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 129 - alteration, or compromise of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, by operation of law or otherwise; (ii) any change in the corporate existence, structure or ownership of the Borrower or any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any insolvency, bankruptcy, reorganization or other similar proceeding affecting any Obligated Party, or their assets or any resulting release or discharge of any obligation of any Obligated Party; or (iv) the existence of any claim, setoff or other rights which any Loan Guarantor may have at any time against any Obligated Party, the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank, any Lender, or any other Person, whether in connection herewith or in any unrelated transactions. (b) The obligations of each Loan Guarantor hereunder are not subject to any defense or setoff, counterclaim, recoupment, or termination whatsoever by reason of the invalidity, illegality, or unenforceability of any of the Guaranteed Obligations or otherwise, or any provision of applicable law or regulation purporting to prohibit payment by any Obligated Party, of the Guaranteed Obligations or any part thereof (including, without limitation, any setoff or counterclaim against any amount owed pursuant to any Material Contract between any Loan Party and Chase). (c) Further, the obligations of any Loan Guarantor hereunder are not discharged or impaired or otherwise affected by: (i) the failure of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender to assert any claim or demand or to enforce any remedy with respect to all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; (ii) any waiver or modification of or supplement to any provision of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations; (iii) any release, non-perfection, or invalidity of any indirect or direct security for the obligations of the Borrower for all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations or any obligations of any other Obligated Party liable for any of the Guaranteed Obligations; (iv) any action or failure to act by the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender with respect to any collateral securing any part of the Guaranteed Obligations; or (v) any default, failure or delay, willful or otherwise, in the payment or performance of any of the Guaranteed Obligations, or any other circumstance, act, omission or delay that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risk of such Loan Guarantor or that would otherwise operate as a discharge of any Loan Guarantor as a matter of law or equity (other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations). SECTION 10.04. Defenses Waived. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor hereby waives any defense based on or arising out of any defense of the Borrower or any Loan Guarantor or the unenforceability of all or any part of the Guaranteed Obligations from any cause, or the cessation from any cause of the liability of the Borrower, any Loan Guarantor or any other Obligated Party, other than the indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guaranteed Obligations. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, each Loan Guarantor irrevocably waives acceptance hereof, presentment, demand, protest and, to the fullest extent permitted by law, any notice not provided for herein, as well as any requirement that at any time any action be taken by any Person against any Obligated Party, or any other Person. Each Loan Guarantor confirms that it is not a surety under any state law and shall not raise any such law as a defense to its obligations hereunder. The Administrative Agent may, at its election, foreclose on any Collateral held by it by one or more judicial or nonjudicial sales, accept an assignment of any such Collateral in lieu of foreclosure or otherwise act or fail to act with respect to any collateral securing all or a part of the Guaranteed Obligations, compromise or adjust any part of the Guaranteed Obligations, make any other accommodation with any Obligated Party or exercise any other right or remedy available to it against any Obligated Party, without affecting or impairing in any way the liability of such Loan Guarantor under this Loan Guaranty, except to the extent the Guaranteed Obligations have been fully and indefeasibly paid in cash. To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, each Loan Guarantor waives any defense arising out of any such election even though that election may operate, pursuant to applicable law, to impair or extinguish any right of reimbursement or subrogation or other right or remedy of any Loan Guarantor against any Obligated Party or any security. 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 130 - SECTION 10.05. Rights of Subrogation. No Loan Guarantor will assert any right, claim or cause of action, including, without limitation, a claim of subrogation, contribution or indemnification that it has against any Obligated Party, or any collateral, until the Loan Parties and the Loan Guarantors have fully performed all their obligations to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders. SECTION 10.06. Reinstatement; Stay of Acceleration. If at any time any payment of any portion of the Guaranteed Obligations (including a payment effected through exercise of a right of setoff) is rescinded, or must otherwise be restored or returned upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower or otherwise (including pursuant to any settlement entered into by a Secured Party in its discretion), each Loan Guarantor s obligations under this Loan Guaranty with respect to that payment shall be reinstated at such time as though the payment had not been made and whether or not the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders are in possession of this Loan Guaranty. If acceleration of the time for payment of any of the Guaranteed Obligations is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy or reorganization of the Borrower, all such amounts otherwise subject to acceleration under the terms of any agreement relating to the Guaranteed Obligations shall nonetheless be payable by the Loan Guarantors forthwith on demand by the Administrative Agent. SECTION 10.07. Information. Each Loan Guarantor assumes all responsibility for being and keeping itself informed of the Borrower s financial condition and assets, and of all other circumstances bearing upon the risk of nonpayment of the Guaranteed Obligations and the nature, scope and extent of the risks that each Loan Guarantor assumes and incurs under this Loan Guaranty, and agrees that none of the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank or any Lender shall have any duty to advise any Loan Guarantor of information known to it regarding those circumstances or risks. SECTION 10.08. Termination. Each of the Lenders and the Issuing Bank may continue to make loans or extend credit to the Borrower based on this Loan Guaranty until five (5) days after it receives written notice of termination from any Loan Guarantor. Notwithstanding receipt of any such notice, each Loan Guarantor will continue to be liable to the Lenders for any Guaranteed Obligations created, assumed or committed to prior to the fifth day after receipt of the notice, and all subsequent renewals, extensions, modifications and amendments with respect to, or substitutions for, all or any part of such Guaranteed Obligations. Nothing in this Section 10.08 shall be deemed to constitute a waiver of, or eliminate, limit, reduce or otherwise impair any rights or remedies the Administrative Agent or any Lender may have in respect of, any Default or Event of Default that shall exist under clause (o) of Article VII hereof as a result of any such notice of termination. SECTION 10.09. Taxes. Each payment of the Guaranteed Obligations will be made by each Loan Guarantor without withholding for any Taxes, unless such withholding is required by law. If any Loan Guarantor determines, in its sole discretion exercised in good faith, that it is so required to withhold Taxes, then such Loan Guarantor may so withhold and shall timely pay the full amount of withheld Taxes to the relevant Governmental Authority in accordance with applicable law. If such Taxes are Indemnified Taxes, then the amount payable by such Loan Guarantor shall be increased as necessary so that, net of such withholding (including such withholding applicable to additional amounts payable under this Section), the Administrative Agent, Lender or Issuing Bank (as the case may be) receives the amount it would have received had no such withholding been made. SECTION 10.10. Maximum Liability. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Loan Guaranty, the amount guaranteed by each Loan Guarantor hereunder shall be limited to the extent, if any, required so that its obligations hereunder shall not be subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the Bankruptcy Code or under any applicable state Uniform Fraudulent Transfer Act, Uniform Fraudulent Conveyance Act or similar statute or common law. In determining the limitations, if any, on the amount of any Loan Guarantor s obligations hereunder pursuant to the preceding sentence, it is the intention of 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 131 - the parties hereto that any rights of subrogation, indemnification or contribution which such Loan Guarantor may have under this Loan Guaranty, any other agreement or applicable law shall be taken into account. SECTION 10.11. Contribution. (a) To the extent that any Loan Guarantor shall make a payment under this Loan Guaranty (a Guarantor Payment which, taking into account all other Guarantor Payments then previously or concurrently made by any other Loan Guarantor, exceeds the amount which otherwise would have been paid by or attributable to such Loan Guarantor if each Loan Guarantor had paid the aggregate Guaranteed Obligations satisfied by such Guarantor Payment in the same proportion as such Loan Guarantor s Allocable Amount (as defined below) (as determined immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment) bore to the aggregate Allocable Amounts of each of the Loan Guarantors as determined immediately prior to the making of such Guarantor Payment, then, following indefeasible payment in full in cash of the Guarantor Payment and the Guaranteed Obligations (other than Unliquidated Obligations that have not yet arisen), and all Commitments and Letters of Credit have terminated or expired or, in the case of all Letters of Credit, are fully collateralized on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, and this Agreement, the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations have terminated, such Loan Guarantor shall be entitled to receive contribution and indemnification payments from, and be reimbursed by, each other Loan Guarantor for the amount of such excess, pro rata based upon their respective Allocable Amounts in effect immediately prior to such Guarantor Payment. (b) As of any date of determination, the Allocable Amount of any Loan Guarantor shall be equal to the excess of the fair saleable value of the property of such Loan Guarantor over the total liabilities of such Loan Guarantor (including the maximum amount reasonably expected to become due in respect of contingent liabilities, calculated, without duplication, assuming each other Loan Guarantor that is also liable for such contingent liability pays its ratable share thereof), giving effect to all payments made by other Loan Guarantors as of such date in a manner to maximize the amount of such contributions. (c) This Section 10.11 is intended only to define the relative rights of the Loan Guarantors, and nothing set forth in this Section 10.11 is intended to or shall impair the obligations of the Loan Guarantors, jointly and severally, to pay any amounts as and when the same shall become due and payable in accordance with the terms of this Loan Guaranty. (d) The parties hereto acknowledge that the rights of contribution and indemnification hereunder shall constitute assets of the Loan Guarantor or Loan Guarantors to which such contribution and indemnification is owing. (e) The rights of the indemnifying Loan Guarantors against other Loan Guarantors under this Section 10.11 shall be exercisable upon the full and indefeasible payment of the Guaranteed Obligations in cash (other than Unliquidated Obligations that have not yet arisen) and the termination or expiry (or, in the case of all Letters of Credit, full cash collateralization), on terms reasonably acceptable to the Administrative Agent and the Issuing Bank, of the Commitments and all Letters of Credit issued hereunder and the termination of this Agreement, the Swap Agreement Obligations and the Banking Services Obligations. SECTION 10.12. Liability Cumulative. The liability of each Loan Party as a Loan Guarantor under this Article X is in addition to and shall be cumulative with all liabilities of each Loan Party to the Administrative Agent, the Issuing Bank and the Lenders under this Agreement and the other Loan 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 - 132 - Documents to which such Loan Party is a party or in respect of any obligations or liabilities of the other Loan Parties, without any limitation as to amount, unless the instrument or agreement evidencing or creating such other liability specifically provides to the contrary. SECTION 10.13. Keepwell. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor hereby jointly and severally absolutely, unconditionally and irrevocably undertakes to provide such funds or other support as may be needed from time to time by each other Loan Party to honor all of its obligations under this Guarantee in respect of a Swap Obligation (provided, however, that each Qualified ECP Guarantor shall only be liable under this Section 10.13 for the maximum amount of such liability that can be hereby incurred without rendering its obligations under this Section 10.13 or otherwise under this Loan Guaranty voidable under applicable law relating to fraudulent conveyance or fraudulent transfer, and not for any greater amount). Except as otherwise provided herein, the obligations of each Qualified ECP Guarantor under this Section 10.13 shall remain in full force and effect until the termination of all Swap Obligations. Each Qualified ECP Guarantor intends that this Section 10.13 constitute, and this Section 10.13 shall be deemed to constitute, a keepwell, support, or other agreement for the benefit of each other Loan Party for all purposes of Section 1a(18)(A)(v)(II) of the Commodity Exchange Act. [Signature Page Follows] 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly executed and delivered by their respective authorized officers as of the day and year first above written. COMPOSECURE, L.L.C. By: Name: Timothy W. Fitzsimmons Title: Chief Financial Officer ARCULUS HOLDINGS, L.L.C. By: Name: Timothy W. Fitzsimmons Title: Chief Financial Officer COMPOSECURE HOLDINGS, L.L.C. By: Name: Timothy W. Fitzsimmons Title: Chief Financial Officer JPMORGAN CHASE BANK, N.A., individually, and as Administrative Agent, Swingline Lender, Issuing Bank and a Lender By: Name: Title: [OTHER BANKS] By: Name: Title: 

NAI-1535346595v11535346595v10 Commitment and Outstanding Term Loan Schedule East West Bank 54,750,000.0055,778, 311.60 5,003,225.815,302, 564.11 Lender 20,846,774.1920,60 2,422.77 25,850,000.0025,904, 986.88 JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. PNC Bank, National Association City National 4,219,354.84 10,596,774.19 17,580,645.1616,39 3,754.15 10,596,774.1911,4 17,418.36 21,800,000.0020,613, 108.99 44,153,225.8141,17 2,387.14 Revolving Commitment Investors Bank 54,750,000.0051,769, 161.33 3,387,096.78 44,153,225.8144,36 0,893.24 14,112,903.22 17,500,000.00 COMMITMENT AND OUTSTANDING TERM LOAN SCHEDULE1 TD Bank, N.A. Total 54,750,000.0055,778, 311.60 60,000,000.00 10,596,774.1911,4 17,418.35 250,000,000.00233, 122,192.00 Outstanding Term CommitmentLoans 310,000,000.00293,1 22,192.00 44,153,225.8144,36 0,893.25 Lender 54,750,000.0055,778, 311.60 Swingline Loan Commitment JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Bank of America, N.A. 5,000,000.00 Peapack-Gladstone Bank Total Total 5,003,225.815,629, 051.80 5,000,000.00 10,596,774.1911,4 17,418.35 20,846,774.1921,87 0,948.20 25,850,000.0027,500, 000.00 44,153,225.8144,36 0,893.25 1 As of the Amendment No. 1 Effective Date. 

NAI-1535364884v9 Exhibit B-1 to Amendment No. 1 Exhibit B-1 Borrowing Notice 

NAI-1535346595v10 Exhibit B-1 EXHIBIT B-1 BORROWING REQUEST [FORM OF] BORROWING REQUEST CompoSecure, L.L.C. JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. 10 South Dearborn St., L2 Floor Chicago, IL 60603-2300 Attention: Muoy Lim Fax No: 844-490-5663 Date: Ladies and Gentlemen: This Borrowing Request is furnished pursuant to Section 2.03 of that certain Third Amended and Restated Credit Agreement dated as of December 21, 2021 (as amended, restated, supplemented or otherwise modified from time to time, the Agreement among CompoSecure, L.L.C. (the Borrower ), the other Loan Parties, the lenders party thereto and JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. Chase ), as Agent for the Lenders. Unless otherwise defined herein, capitalized terms used in this Borrowing Request have the meanings ascribed thereto in the Agreement. The Borrower represents that, as of this date, the conditions precedent set forth in Section 4.02 are satisfied. The Borrower hereby notifies Chase of its request for the following Borrowing: 1. [Revolving] [Term Loan] Borrowing 2. Aggregate Amount of the [Revolving] [Term Loan] Borrowing1: [_________________] 3. Borrowing Date of the Borrowing (must be a Business Day): [___________________] 4. The Borrowing shall be [a [ABR] Borrowing [ an RFR Borrowing] [Term Benchmark Borrowing]2 1 Must comply with Section 2.02(c) of the Agreement 2 If no election is made, then the requested Borrowing shall be an ABR Borrowing 

NAI-1535346595v10 Exhibit B-1 5. If a Term Benchmark Borrowing, the duration of Interest Period3: One Month Three Months Six Months COMPOSECURE, L.L.C. By: Name: Title: 3 Shall be subject to the definition of Interest Period. Cannot extend beyond the Maturity Date. If an Interest Period is not specified, then the Borrower shall be deemed to have selected an Interest Period of one month s duration. 

NAI-1535364884v9 

</EX-10.35>

<EX-21.1>
 3
 exhibit211-listofsubsidiar.htm
 EX-21.1

Document 
 Exhibit 21.1 

 List of Subsidiaries 
 of 
 CompoSecure, Inc. 
 
 1. CompoSecure Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 2. CompoSecure, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 
 3. Arculus Holdings, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability company 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 4
 exhibit231-csincx10kconsent.htm
 EX-23.1

Document 

CONSENT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 
 
 We have issued our report dated March 10, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements included in the Annual Report of CompoSecure, Inc. on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022. We consent to the incorporation by reference of said reports in the Registration Statements of CompoSecure, Inc. on Form S-1 (File No. 333-262341) and on Form S-8 (File No. 333-263617). 
 
 s GRANT THORNTON LLP 
 
 Iselin, New Jersey 
 March 10, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 5
 exhibit311-sox302certifica.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 
 Exhibit 31.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Jonathan Wilk, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CompoSecure, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 _ s Jonathan Wilk ________________ 
 Name Jonathan Wilk 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 6
 exhibit312-sox302certifica.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 
 Exhibit 31.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 302 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Timothy Fitzsimmons, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of CompoSecure, Inc. for the year ended December 31, 2022 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a. Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b. Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c. Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d. Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a. All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b. Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 _ s Timothy Fitzsimmons ________________ 
 Name Timothy Fitzsimmons 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 7
 exhibit321-section1350cert.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 
 Exhibit 32.1 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL EXECUTIVE OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of CompoSecure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Jonathan Wilk, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 _ s Jonathan Wilk ________________ 
 Name Jonathan Wilk 
 Title President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 8
 exhibit322-section1350cert.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 
 Exhibit 32.2 

 CERTIFICATION OF THE PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 In connection with the annual report of CompoSecure, Inc., a Delaware corporation (the Company ), on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I, Timothy Fitzsimmons, President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company, hereby certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that, to my knowledge 
 
 1. The Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended and 
 
 2. The information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 March 9, 2023 
 
 _ s Timothy Fitzsimmons ________________ 
 Name Timothy Fitzsimmons 
 Title Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 9
 cmpo-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 10
 cmpo-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 11
 cmpo-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 12
 cmpo-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 13
 cmpo-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

