<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230330_10-K_edgar_data_862022_0001193125-23-085728.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>591429</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>188472</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>0</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>348748</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>0</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>0</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>4</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001193125-23-085728.hdr.sgml : 20230330
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230330165459
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001193125-23-085728
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		5
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230330
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230330

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			HUGOTON ROYALTY TRUST
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000862022
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	OIL ROYALTY TRADERS [6792]
		IRS NUMBER:				586379215
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			TX
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-10476
		FILM NUMBER:		23781451

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O SIMMONS BANK TRUSTEE
		STREET 2:		2911 TURTLE CREEK BLVD., SUITE 850
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75219
		BUSINESS PHONE:		972-919-1360

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		C/O SIMMONS BANK TRUSTEE
		STREET 2:		2911 TURTLE CREEK BLVD., SUITE 850
		CITY:			DALLAS
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			75219

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001193125-23-085728.txt : 20230330

10-K
 1
 d770334d10k.htm
 10-K

10-K 

Table of Contents 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE
COMMISSION Washington, D.C. 20549 
 Form 10-K 

ANNUAL 
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022 
 OR 

TRANSITION 
 REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from
 to
 . 
 Commission File No. 1-10476 
 Hugoton Royalty Trust (Exact name of
registrant as specified in its charter) 

Texas 
 
 58-6379215 
 
 (State or other jurisdiction of 
 incorporation or organization) 
 
 (I.R.S. Employer 
 Identification No.) 

c/o Corporate Trustee: 

Simmons Bank 
 2911 Turtle Creek Blvd, Suite 850 
 Dallas, Texas 75219 
 
 75219 
 
 (Address of principal executive offices) 
 
 (Zip Code) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code 
 (at the office of the Corporate Trustee): 
 (855) 588-7839 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: None 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading symbol 
 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

Units of Beneficial Interest 
 
 HGTXU 
 
 OTCQB 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities
Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the
Act. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange
Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of
Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). YES NO 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a
 non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 

Accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging Growth Company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition
period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its
internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit
report. If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act,
indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received
by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the
Act). YES NO 
 The aggregate market value of units of beneficial interest held by non-affiliates of the registrant at
June 30, 2022 (the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter) was approximately 68.4 million. 
 The number of units of beneficial interest outstanding as of March 13, 2023 was 40,000,000. 

Table of Contents 

HUGOTON ROYALTY TRUST 
 2022 ANNUAL REPORT ON FORM 10-K 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

Page 

Glossary of Terms 

1 

Part I 

Item 1. 
 
 Business 

2 

Item 1A. 
 
 Risk Factors 

4 

Item 1B. 
 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 

11 

Item 2. 
 
 Properties 

11 

Item 3. 
 
 Legal Proceedings 

22 

Item 4. 
 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 

23 

Part II 

Item 5. 
 
 Market for Units of the Trust, Related Unitholder Matters and Trust Purchases of Units

23 

Item 6. 
 
 [Reserved] 

23 

Item 7. 
 
 Trustee s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations

24 

Item 7A. 
 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 

31 

Item 8. 
 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 

31 

Item 9. 
 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial
Disclosure 

44 

Item 9A. 
 
 Controls and Procedures 

44 

Item 9B. 
 
 Other Information 

45 

Item 9C. 
 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

45 

Part III 

Item 10. 
 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

45 

Item 11. 
 
 Executive Compensation 

45 

Item 12. 
 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Unitholder Matters

46 

Item 13. 
 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director
Independence 

46 

Item 14. 
 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 

47 

Part IV 

Item 15. 
 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 

48 

Signatures 

49 

i 

Table of Contents 

HUGOTON ROYALTY TRUST 
 GLOSSARY OF TERMS The following are
definitions of significant terms used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K: 

Bbl 
 Barrel (of oil) 

Bcf 
 Billion cubic feet (of natural gas) 

BOE 
 Barrel of oil equivalent 

Mcf 
 Thousand cubic feet (of natural gas) 

MMBtu 
 One million British Thermal Units, a common energy measurement 

net proceeds 
 Gross proceeds received by XTO Energy from sale of production from the underlying properties, less applicable costs, as defined in the net profits interest conveyances. 

net profits income 
 Net proceeds multiplied by the net profits percentage of 80 , which is paid to the Trust by XTO Energy. Net profits income is referred to as royalty income for income tax purposes. 

net profits interest 
 An interest in an oil and gas property measured by net profits from the sale of production, rather than a specific portion of production. The following defined net profits interests were conveyed to the Trust from the underlying properties:

80 net profits interests - interests that entitle the Trust to receive 80 of the net proceeds from the underlying properties. 

underlying properties 
 XTO Energy s interest in certain oil and gas properties from which the net profits interests were conveyed. The underlying properties include working interests in predominantly gas-producing 
properties located in Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming. 

working interest 
 An operating interest in an oil and gas property that provides the owner a specified share of production that is subject to all production expense and development costs. 
 1 

Table of Contents 

PART I 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS Hugoton Royalty Trust (the Trust is an express trust created under the laws of Texas
pursuant to the Hugoton Royalty Trust Indenture entered into on December 1, 1998 between XTO Energy Inc. (formerly known as Cross Timbers Oil Company and, hereafter, XTO Energy ), as grantor, and NationsBank, N.A., as Trustee.
Simmons Bank (the Trustee is now the Trustee of the Trust. Effective December 30, 2022, Argent Trust Company began serving as agent for the Trustee. 
 On October 21, 2022, Simmons Bank, as Trustee, submitted a notice of resignation as trustee of the Trust to the unitholders. The Trustee s
notice of resignation stated that it would nominate Argent Trust Company, a Tennessee chartered trust company Argent ), as its potential successor. The Trustee s resignation as trustee, and Argent s appointment as successor
trustee, are subject to certain conditions set forth in an agreement between Simmons Bank and Argent, including approval by the unitholders of the Trust (or a court) of (i) Argent s appointment as successor trustee and (ii) any
amendments to the indenture of the Trust necessary to permit Argent to serve as successor trustee. At a special meeting of the Trust s
unitholders held February 23, 2023, the unitholders of the Trust voted to approve the appointment of Argent Trust Company as successor trustee to serve as trustee of the Trust once the resignation of Simmons Bank, the current Trustee of the
Trust, takes effect. The proposal regarding related amendments to the indenture of the Trust did not receive sufficient votes for approval. The effective date of the Trustee s resignation will depend on the satisfaction or waiver of the
conditions set forth in the Trustee s notice of resignation and the Trust s definitive proxy statement, including approval of amendments to the Trust indenture (whether by unitholder approval or a court) necessary to permit Argent to serve
as successor trustee. The principal office of the Trust is 2911 Turtle Creek Blvd, Suite 850, Dallas, Texas 75219. (Telephone number 855-588-7839). The Trust s internet website is www.hgt-hugoton.com . We make available free of charge, through our website,
our Annual Report on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K and all amendments to those reports
filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. These reports are accessible through our internet website as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or
furnish it to, the Securities and Exchange Commission. Information on our website is not incorporated into this report. Effective December 1,
1998, XTO Energy conveyed to the Trust 80 net profits interests in certain predominantly natural gas producing working interest properties in Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming under three separate conveyances. In exchange for these net profits interest
conveyances to the Trust, 40 million units of beneficial interest were issued to XTO Energy. In April and May 1999, XTO Energy sold a total of 17 million units in the Trust s initial public offering. In 1999 and 2000, XTO Energy also
sold 1.3 million Trust units to certain of its officers. The Trust did not receive the proceeds from these sales of Trust units. In May 2006, XTO Energy distributed all of its remaining 21.7 million Trust units as a dividend to its common
stockholders. XTO Energy currently is not a unitholder of the Trust. Units were listed and traded on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol HGT until August 27, 2018, when the Trust units were delisted from the NYSE and began
to be quoted on the OTCQX, which is maintained by the OTC Market Group Inc., under the symbol HGTXU. The Trust transitioned from the OTCQX to the OTCQB on May 19, 2020. 
 On June 25, 2010, XTO Energy became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exxon Mobil Corporation. 
 The net profits interests entitle the Trust to receive 80 of the net proceeds from the sale of oil and gas from the underlying properties. Each month
XTO Energy determines the amount of cash received from the sale of production and deducts property and production taxes, production expense, development costs and overhead. 
 Net proceeds payable to the Trust depend upon production quantities, sales prices of oil and gas and costs to develop and produce oil and gas in the
prior month. If monthly costs exceed revenues for any of the three 
 2 

Table of Contents 

conveyances (one for each of the states of Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming), such excess costs must be recovered, with accrued interest, from future net proceeds of that conveyance and cannot reduce
net proceeds from other conveyances. For further information on excess costs, see Note 4 to Financial Statements under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 The Trust is not liable for any production costs or liabilities attributable to the underlying properties. If at any time the Trust receives net profits
income in excess of the amount due, the Trust is not obligated to return such overpayment, but future net profits income payable to the Trust will be reduced until the overpayment, plus interest at the prime rate, is recovered. 
 As a working interest owner, XTO Energy can generally decline participation in any operation and allow consenting parties to conduct such operations, as
provided under the operating agreements. XTO Energy also can assign, sell, or otherwise transfer its interest in the underlying properties, subject to the net profits interests, or can abandon an underlying property if it is incapable of producing
in paying quantities, as determined by XTO Energy. To the extent allowed, XTO Energy is responsible for marketing its production from the
underlying properties under existing sales contracts, or new arrangements on the best terms reasonably obtainable in the circumstances. See Pricing and Sales Information under Item 2. Properties . 
 Net profits income received by the Trust on or before the last business day of the month is related to net proceeds received by XTO Energy in the
preceding month, and is generally attributable to oil and gas production two months prior. The amount to be distributed to unitholders each month by the Trustee is determined by: 
 Adding - 1. net profits income received; 
 2. interest income and any other cash receipts; and 
 3. cash available as a result of reduction of cash reserves; then 
 Subtracting - 1. liabilities paid; and 
 2. the reduction in cash available related to establishment of or increase in any cash reserve. 
 The monthly distribution amount is distributed to unitholders of record within ten business days after the monthly record date. The monthly record date
is generally the last business day of the month. The Trustee calculates the monthly distribution amount and announces the distribution per unit at least ten days prior to the monthly record date. 
 The Trustee may establish cash reserves for contingencies. Cash held for such reserves, as well as for pending payment of the monthly distribution
amount, may be invested in federal obligations or certificates of deposit of major banks. The Trustee s function is to collect the net profits
income from the net profits interests, to pay all Trust expenses, and to pay the monthly distribution amount to unitholders. The Trustee s powers are specified by the terms of the Trust indenture. The Trust cannot engage in any business
activity or acquire any assets other than the net profits interests and specific short-term cash investments. The Trust has no employees since all administrative functions are performed by the Trustee. 
 The majority of previous net profits income received by the Trust has been attributable to natural gas. There has historically been a greater demand for
gas during the winter months than the rest of the year. Otherwise, Trust income generally is not subject to seasonal factors, nor dependent upon patents, licenses, franchises or concessions. The Trust conducts no research activities. 
 3 

Table of Contents 

The oil and gas industry is highly competitive in all its phases. Operators of the properties in which
the Trust holds interests encounter competition from other oil and gas companies and from individual producers and operators. Oil and natural gas are commodities, for which market prices are determined by external supply and demand factors. Current
market conditions are not necessarily indicative of future conditions. ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 The following factors could cause actual results to differ materially from those contained in forward-looking statements made in this report and
presented elsewhere by the Trustee from time to time. Such factors may have a material adverse effect upon the Trust s financial condition, distributable income and changes in trust corpus. 
 The following discussion of risk factors should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and related notes included under Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Because of these and other factors, past financial performance should not be considered an indication of future performance. 
 The market price for the Trust units may not reflect the value of the net profits interests held by the Trust. 
 The public trading price for the Trust units has historically been tied to the recent and expected levels of cash distributions on the Trust units. The
amounts available for distribution by the Trust vary in response to numerous factors outside the control of the Trust or XTO Energy, including prevailing prices for oil and natural gas produced from the underlying properties. The market price of the
Trust units is not necessarily indicative of the value that the Trust would realize if the net profits interests were sold to a third party buyer. In addition, such market price is not necessarily reflective of the fact that, since the assets of the
Trust are depleting assets, a portion of each cash distribution paid on the Trust units should be considered by investors as a return of capital, with the remainder being considered as a return on investment. There is no guarantee that distributions
made to a unitholder over the life of these depleting assets will equal or exceed the purchase price paid by the unitholder. Current and future oil and
natural gas prices fluctuate due to a number of uncontrollable factors, and any decline will adversely affect the net proceeds payable to the Trust and Trust distributions. 
 The Trust s monthly cash distributions are highly dependent upon the prices realized from the sale of natural gas and oil. Oil and natural gas
prices can fluctuate widely on a month-to-month basis in response to a variety of factors that are beyond the control of the Trust and XTO Energy. Factors that
contribute to price fluctuations include instability in oil-producing regions, worldwide economic conditions, weather conditions, trade barriers, political instability, public health concerns, such as COVID-19, the supply of domestic and foreign oil, natural gas and natural gas liquids, consumer demand, the price and availability of alternative fuels, the proximity to, and capacity of, transportation facilities
and the effect of worldwide energy conservation measures. Moreover, government regulations, such as regulation of natural gas transportation and price controls, environmental regulations, production restrictions, or trade barriers, can affect
product prices. Oil and natural gas prices fluctuated widely over the recent past and may vary significantly from period to period, including by the rate of recovery from the COVID-19 pandemic, as well as the
occurrence and severity of future outbreaks, the responsive actions taken by governments and others, and the resulting effects on regional and global markets and economies. Further, a significant decline in current oil or natural gas prices or lower
anticipated long-term prices could have a material adverse effect on the amount of oil and natural gas that is economic to produce, Trust net profits (and therefore cash available for distribution to unitholders) and proved reserves attributable to
the Trust s interests. Adjustments impacting volume or value could also impact the reported natural gas and oil prices. The volatility of energy prices reduces the predictability of future cash distributions to Trust unitholders. 
 Higher production expense and/or development costs, without concurrent increases in revenue, will directly decrease the net proceeds payable to the Trust. Certain
claimed production expenses by XTO Energy may reduce or eliminate distributions to unitholders for extended periods of time. Production
expense and development costs are deducted in the calculation of the Trust s share of net proceeds. Accordingly, higher or lower production expense and development costs, without concurrent changes
 
 4 

Table of Contents 

in revenue, will directly decrease or increase the amount received by the Trust. If development costs and production expense for underlying properties in a particular state exceed the production
proceeds from the properties (as was the case with respect to the properties underlying all three of the Trust s conveyances for all of 2020 and 2021), the Trust will not receive net profits income for those properties until future net proceeds
from production in that state exceed the total of the excess costs plus accrued interest during the deficit period. Development activities may not generate sufficient additional revenue to repay the costs. Additionally, XTO Energy has advised the
Trustee that total budgeted development costs for the underlying properties are between 10 million and 11 million for 2023 which could exceed revenues for the underlying conveyances. See Item 2. Properties . 
 As described in Note 8 Contingencies to the Notes to Financial Statements, XTO Energy advised the Trustee that it believes a portion of the
settlement it has reached in the Chieftain Royalty Company v. XTO Energy Inc. class action lawsuit relates to the Trust. On July 27, 2018, the final plan of allocation was approved by the court. Based on the final plan of allocation, XTO
Energy advised the Trustee that it believes approximately 24.3 million in additional production costs should be allocated to the Trust. On May 2, 2018, the Trustee submitted a demand for arbitration seeking a declaratory judgment that the
 Chieftain settlement is not a production cost and that XTO Energy is prohibited from charging the settlement as a production cost under the conveyance or otherwise reducing the Trust s payments now or in the future as a result of
the Chieftain litigation. The Trust and XTO Energy conducted the interim hearing on the claims related to the Chieftain settlement on October 12-13, 2020. In the
arbitration, the Trustee contended that the approximately 24.3 million allocation related to the Chieftain settlement was not a production cost and, therefore, there should not be a related adjustment to the Trust s share of net
proceeds. However, XTO Energy contended that the approximately 24.3 million was a production cost and should reduce the Trust s share of net proceeds. 
 On January 20, 2021, the arbitration panel issued its Corrected Interim Final Award (i) reject[ing] the Trust s contention that XTO has
no right under the Conveyance to charge the Trust with amounts XTO paid under section 1.18(a)(i) as royalty obligations to settle the Chieftain litigation and (ii) stating [t]he next phase will determine how much of the
 Chieftain settlement can be so charged, if any of it can be, in the exercise of the right found by the Panel. Following briefing by both parties, on May 18, 2021, the Panel issued its second interim final award over the amount of
XTO Energy s settlement in the Chieftain class action lawsuit that can be charged to the Trust as a production cost. The Panel in its decision has ruled that out of the 80 million settlement, the Trust is obligated to pay its
share under the Conveyance of the 48 million that was received by the plaintiffs in the Chieftain lawsuit by virtue of the settlement of that litigation. The Trust is not obligated by the Conveyance to pay any share of the
 32 million received by the lawyers for the plaintiffs in the Chieftain lawsuit by virtue of the settlement. XTO Energy and the Trustee are in the process of determining the portion of the 48 million that is allocable to
Trust properties to be charged as an excess cost to the Trust, but estimate it to be approximately 14.6 million net to the Trust. The
reduction in the Trust s share of net proceeds from the portion of the settlement amount the Panel has ruled may be charged against the Oklahoma conveyance would result in excess costs under the Oklahoma conveyance that would likely result in
no distributions under the Oklahoma conveyance while these excess costs are recovered. This award completes the portion of the arbitration related to the Chieftain settlement. Excess costs on any individual conveyance would not affect net proceeds
to the Trust on any of the other remaining conveyances. Other Trustee claims related to disputed amounts on the computation of the Trust s net
proceeds for 2014 through 2019 and 2021 were bifurcated from the initial arbitration. Pursuant to the purchase and sale agreement entered into between the Trustee and XTO Energy, the parties had agreed to stay the arbitration from the date of
execution of the purchase and sale agreement to the earlier of the termination of the purchase and sale agreement or closing date of the sale of assets. Effective August 22, 2022, the Trustee and XTO Energy mutually agreed to terminate the
purchase and sale agreement. As a result of the termination, the stay of these arbitration proceedings between XTO Energy and the Trustee with respect to the Trust was lifted, and the arbitration 
 5 

Table of Contents 

proceedings recommenced. The proceedings have been abated pending a determination as to whether Argent Trust Company will become the successor trustee. See Item 8. Financial Statements and
Supplementary Data Notes to Financial Statements Note 8 Contingencies for additional information. Government action, policies or
regulations designed to discourage production, reduce demand for, or promote alternatives to oil and natural gas could impact the price of oil and natural gas produced on the properties underlying the Trust s net profits interests, directly as
intended or through unintended consequences. Governments around the world are considering actions intended to reduce greenhouse gas
emissions by decreasing both the supply of and the demand for oil and natural gas products or promote alternatives. These include the adoption of cap and trade regimes, carbon taxes, trade tariffs, minimum renewable usage requirements, restrictive
permitting, increased mileage and other efficiency standards, mandates for sales of electric vehicles, mandates for use of specific fuels or technologies, and other incentives or mandates designed to support transitioning to lower-emission energy
sources. Political and other actors and their agents also increasingly seek to advance climate change objectives indirectly, such as by seeking to reduce the availability or increase the cost of financing and investment in the oil and gas sector.
Depending on how policies are formulated and applied, such policies could impact the ability and costs of the operators of the properties underlying the Trust s net profits interests to supply products, demand for their products, or the
competitiveness of hydrocarbon-based products, which in turn, could reduce net proceeds to the Trust. Any policy that increases the costs for operators of the properties underlying the net profits interests or decreased market prices could have a
material impact on the distributable income of the Trust. War, terrorism, geopolitical hostilities, and other military actions or political instability could
adversely affect Trust distributions or the market price of the Trust units. There are a number of national and international events that
could cause instability in global financial and energy markets. War, terrorist attacks and the threat of war or terrorist attacks, whether domestic or foreign, as well as other military or similar actions taken in response, impact the demand for and
price of oil and natural gas in unpredictable ways, including increasing volatility in pricing. Actual or threatened acts of war, terrorism and other geopolitical hostilities could adversely affect Trust distributions or the market price of the
Trust units in unpredictable ways, including through the disruption of fuel supplies and markets, increased volatility in oil and natural gas prices, or the possibility that the infrastructure on which the operators of the underlying properties rely
could be a direct target or an indirect casualty of such an event. There may not be an active market for the Trust units. 
 On August 27, 2018, the Trust units were delisted from the NYSE and began to be quoted on the OTCQX, which is maintained by the OTC Market Group
Inc., under the symbol HGTXU. The Trustee received notice from the OTC Markets Group Inc. dated April 16, 2020, notifying the Trustee that the Trust was no longer in compliance with Section 3.2(a) of the Standards for Continued
Qualification of the OTCQX Rules for U.S. Companies, in that as of December 31, 2019 the Trust had less than 2 million in net tangible assets, average revenue of less than 6 million over the past three years, and the Trust s
bid price is below 5 per share. The notice stated that if the Trust was unable to cure the deficiency by May 18, 2020, then it would be moved from OTCQX to the OTC Pink market. The Trust transitioned from the OTCQX to the OTCQB on May 19,
2020. Trading on the OTC is often characterized as thin with sporadic fluctuations in price and the availability of buyers or sellers of a security. No assurance can be given that an active trading market for the Trust units will further develop or
continue. The Trust units will likely be subject to greater volatility and lower trading volumes than when the Trust units were listed on the New York Stock Exchange. This could depress the trading price of the Trust units and make it more difficult
to purchase, dispose of or obtain accurate quotations as to the value of the Trust units. No assurance can be made how such transition may affect the liquidity of the units. 
 6 

Table of Contents 

Proved reserve estimates depend on many assumptions that may turn out to be inaccurate. Any material
inaccuracies in reserve estimates or underlying assumptions could cause the quantities and net present value of the reserves to be overstated. 
 Estimating proved oil and gas reserves is inherently uncertain. Petroleum engineers consider many factors and make assumptions in estimating reserves and
future net cash flows. Those factors and assumptions include historical production from the area compared with production rates from similar producing areas, the effects of governmental regulation, assumptions about future commodity prices,
production expense and development costs, taxes and capital expenditures, the availability of enhanced recovery techniques and relationships with landowners, working interest partners, pipeline companies and others. Lower oil and gas prices
generally cause lower estimates of proved reserves. Ultimately, actual production, revenues and expenditures for the underlying properties will vary from estimates and those variances could be material. Because the Trust owns net profits interests,
it does not own a specific percentage of the oil and gas reserves. Estimated proved reserves for the net profits interests are based on estimates of reserves for the underlying properties and an allocation method that considers estimated future net
proceeds and oil and gas prices. Because Trust reserve quantities are determined using an allocation formula, increases or decreases in oil and gas prices can significantly affect estimated reserves of the net profits interests. 
 Operational risks and hazards associated with the development and operations of the underlying properties may decrease Trust distributions. 
 There are operational risks and hazards associated with the production and transportation of oil and natural gas, including without limitation natural
disasters, blowouts, explosions, fires, leakage of oil or natural gas, releases of other hazardous materials, mechanical failures, cratering, and pollution. Any of these or similar occurrences could result in the interruption or cessation of
operations, personal injury or loss of life, property damage, damage to productive formations or equipment, damage to the environment or natural resources, or cleanup obligations. The operation of oil and gas properties is also subject to various
laws and regulations. Non-compliance with such laws and regulations could subject the operator to additional costs, sanctions or liabilities. The uninsured costs resulting from any of the above or similar
occurrences could be deducted as a production expense or development cost in calculating the net proceeds payable to the Trust, and would therefore reduce Trust distributions by the amount of such uninsured costs. 
 XTO Energy and the Trustee may be subject to attempted cybersecurity disruptions from a variety of sources including state-sponsored actors. 
 XTO Energy s defensive preparedness includes multi-layered technological capabilities for prevention and detection of cybersecurity disruptions; non-technological measures such as threat information sharing with governmental and industry groups; internal training and awareness campaigns including routine testing of employee awareness and an emphasis on
resiliency including business response and recovery. The Trustee also maintains robust cybersecurity protocols including, but not limited to technological capabilities that prevent and detect disruptions; computer workstations and programs protected
with passwords and passphrases, as well as employee training throughout the year on banking regulations and cybersecurity followed up by testing of that knowledge. Other, non-technical protocols include
securing of documents and work areas that could contain personal, non-public information. If the measures taken to protect against cybersecurity disruptions prove to be insufficient or if proprietary data is
otherwise not protected, XTO Energy, the Trustee or customers, employees, or third parties could be adversely affected. The Trust is also exposed to potential harm from cybersecurity events that may affect the operations of third-parties, including
our partners, suppliers, service providers (including providers of cloud-hosting services for our data or applications), and customers. Cybersecurity disruptions could cause physical harm to people or the environment; damage or destroy assets;
compromise business systems; result in proprietary information being altered, lost, or stolen; result in employee, customer, or third-party information being compromised; or otherwise disrupt our business operations. We could incur significant costs
to remedy the effects of a major cybersecurity disruption in addition to costs in connection with resulting regulatory actions, litigation, or reputational harm. 
 7 

Table of Contents 

Future net profits may be subject to risks relating to the creditworthiness of third parties. 
 The Trust does not lend money and has limited ability to borrow money, which the Trustee believes limits the Trust s risk from exposure to credit
markets. The Trust s future net profits, however, may be subject to risks relating to the creditworthiness of the operators of the underlying properties and other purchasers of crude oil and natural gas produced from the underlying properties.
This creditworthiness may be impacted by the price of crude oil and natural gas. Trust unitholders and the Trustee have no influence over the operations on,
or future development of, the underlying properties. Neither the Trustee nor the Trust unitholders can influence or control the operation or
future development of the underlying properties. The failure of an operator to conduct its operations or discharge its obligations in a proper manner could have an adverse effect on the net proceeds payable to the Trust. Although XTO Energy and
other operators of the underlying properties must adhere to the standard of a prudent operator, they are under no obligation to continue operating the properties. Neither the Trustee nor Trust unitholders have the right to replace an operator. 
 The assets of the Trust represent interests in depleting assets and, if XTO Energy or any other operators developing the underlying properties do not perform
additional successful development projects, the assets may deplete faster than expected. Eventually, the assets of the Trust will cease to produce in commercial quantities and the Trust will cease to receive proceeds from such assets. 
 The net proceeds payable to the Trust are derived from the sale of hydrocarbons from depleting assets. Future maintenance and development projects on the
underlying properties will affect the quantity of proved reserves and can offset the reduction in the depletion of proved reserves. The timing and size of these projects will depend on the market prices of oil and natural gas. If the operator(s) of
the properties do not implement additional maintenance and development projects, the future rate of production decline of proved reserves may be higher than the rate currently expected by the Trust. Because the net proceeds payable to the Trust are
derived from the sale of hydrocarbons from depleting assets, the portion of distributions to unitholders attributable to depletion may be considered a return of capital as opposed to a return on investment. Distributions that are a return of capital
will ultimately diminish the depletion tax benefits available to the unitholders, which could reduce the market value of the units over time. Eventually, the properties underlying the Trust s net profits interests will cease to produce in
commercial quantities and the Trust will, therefore, cease to receive any net proceeds therefrom. XTO Energy may transfer its interest in the underlying
properties without the consent of the Trust or the Trust unitholders. XTO Energy may at any time transfer all or part of its interest in the
underlying properties to another party. Neither the Trust nor the Trust unitholders are entitled to vote on any transfer of the properties underlying the Trust s net profits interests, and the Trust will not receive any proceeds of any such
transfer. Following any transfer, the transferred property will continue to be subject to the net profits interests of the Trust, but the calculation, reporting and remitting of net proceeds to the Trust will be the responsibility of the transferee.
 XTO Energy or any other operator of any underlying property may abandon the property, thereby terminating the related net profits interest payable to the
Trust. XTO Energy or any other operator of the underlying properties, or any transferee thereof, may abandon any well or property without
the consent of the Trust or the Trust unitholders if they reasonably believe that the well or property can no longer produce in commercially economic quantities. This could result in the termination of the net profits interest relating to the
abandoned well or property. 
 8 

Table of Contents 

The net profits interests can be sold and the Trust would be terminated. The Trust will also be terminated if it
fails to generate sufficient gross proceeds. The Trust may sell the net profits interests if the holders of 80 or more of the outstanding
Trust units approve the sale or vote to terminate the Trust. The Trust will terminate if it fails to generate gross proceeds from the underlying properties of at least 1,000,000 per year over any successive
 two-year period. Sale of all of the net profits interests will terminate the Trust. The net proceeds of any sale must be for cash with the proceeds less administrative costs promptly distributed to the Trust
unitholders. The sale of the remaining net profits interests and the termination of the Trust will be taxable events to the Trust unitholders.
Generally, Trust unitholders will realize gain or loss equal to the difference between the amount realized on the sale and termination of the Trust and their adjusted basis in such units. Gain or loss realized by a Trust unitholder who is not a
dealer with respect to such units and who has a holding period for the units of more than one year will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss except to the extent of any depletion recapture amount, which must be treated as ordinary income.
Other federal and state tax issues concerning the Trust are discussed under Item 2 and Note 6 to the Trust s financial statements, which are included herein. Trust unitholders should consult their own tax advisor regarding all Trust tax
compliance matters. Trust unitholders have limited voting rights and have limited ability to enforce the Trust s rights against XTO Energy or any other
operator of the underlying properties. The voting rights of a Trust unitholder are more limited than those of stockholders of most public
corporations. For example, there is no requirement for annual meetings of Trust unitholders or for an annual or other periodic re-election of the Trustee. Additionally, Trust unitholders have no voting rights
in XTO Energy or Exxon Mobil Corporation. The Trust indenture and related trust law permit the Trustee and the Trust to sue XTO Energy or any other
operator of the underlying properties to compel them to fulfill the terms of the conveyance of the net profits interests. If the Trustee does not take appropriate action to enforce provisions of the conveyance, the recourse of the Trust unitholders
would likely be limited to bringing a lawsuit against the Trustee to compel the Trustee to take specified actions. Trust unitholders probably would not be able to sue XTO Energy or any other operator of the underlying properties. 
 Financial information of the Trust is not prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP. 
 The financial statements of the Trust are prepared on a modified cash basis of accounting, which is a comprehensive basis of accounting other than U.S.
generally accepted accounting principles (U.S. GAAP). Although this basis of accounting is permitted for royalty trusts by the Securities and Exchange Commission, the financial statements of the Trust differ from U.S. GAAP financial statements
because net profits income is not accrued in the month of production, expenses are not recognized when incurred and cash reserves may be established for certain contingencies that would not be recorded in U.S. GAAP financial statements. See Item 8.
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data Notes to Financial Statements Note 2 Basis of Accounting for additional information . 
 The limited liability of Trust unitholders is uncertain. 
 The Trust unitholders are not protected from the liabilities of the Trust to the same extent that a shareholder would be protected from a
corporation s liabilities. The structure of the Trust does not include the interposition of a limited liability entity such as a corporation or limited partnership which would provide further limited liability protection to Trust unitholders.
While the Trustee is liable for any excess liabilities incurred if the Trustee fails to ensure that such liabilities are to be satisfied only out of Trust assets, under the laws of Texas, which are unsettled on this point, a unitholder may be
jointly and severally liable for any liability of the Trust if the 
 9 

Table of Contents 

satisfaction of such liability was not contractually limited to the assets of the Trust and the assets of the Trust and the Trustee are not adequate to satisfy such liability. As a result, Trust
unitholders may be exposed to personal liability. The Trust, however, is not liable for production costs or other liabilities of the underlying properties. 
 Drilling oil and natural gas wells is a high-risk activity and subjects the Trust to a variety of factors that it cannot control. 
 Drilling oil and natural gas wells involves numerous risks, including the risk that commercially productive oil and natural gas reservoirs are not
encountered. The presence of unanticipated pressures or irregularities in formations, miscalculations or accidents may cause drilling activities to be unsuccessful. In addition, there is often uncertainty as to the future cost or timing of drilling,
completing and operating wells. Further, development activities may be curtailed, delayed or canceled as a result of a variety of factors, including: 

1. 
 reduced oil or natural gas prices; 

2. 
 unexpected drilling conditions; 

3. 
 title problems; 

4. 
 restricted access to land for drilling or laying pipeline; 

5. 
 pressure or irregularities in formations; 

6. 
 equipment failures or accidents; 

7. 
 adverse weather conditions, natural disasters or public health events; and 

8. 
 costs of, or shortages or delays in the availability of, drilling rigs, labor, tubular materials, and equipment.
 While these risks do not expose the Trust to liabilities of the drilling contractor or operator of the well, they can reduce net
proceeds payable to the Trust and Trust distributions by decreasing oil and gas revenues or increasing production expense or development costs from the underlying properties. Furthermore, these risks may cause the costs of development activities on
the underlying properties to exceed the revenues therefrom, thereby reducing net proceeds payable to the Trust and Trust distributions. The underlying
properties are subject to complex federal, state and local laws and regulations that could adversely affect net proceeds payable to the Trust and Trust distributions. 
 Extensive federal, state and local regulation of the oil and natural gas industry significantly affects operations on the underlying properties. In
particular, oil and natural gas development and production are subject to stringent environmental regulations. These regulations have increased the costs of planning, designing, drilling, installing, operating and abandoning oil and natural gas
wells and other related facilities, which costs could reduce net proceeds payable to the Trust and Trust distributions. These regulations may become more demanding in the future. These regulations can often be changed by administrative agencies
without formal legislation, resulting in additional costs that can impact distributions. See Item 2. Properties Regulation, and Item 7. Trustee s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Climate Change Regulations. Cash held by the Trustee is not insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation.
 Currently, cash held by the Trust reserved for the payment of accrued liabilities and estimated future expenses and distributions to
unitholders is typically held in a treasury fund that under normal market conditions invests exclusively in U.S. Treasury obligations. Although the fund s underlying investments are obligations of the U.S. government, the fund itself is not
insured by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. In the event that the fund becomes insolvent, the Trustee may be unable to recover any or all such cash from the insolvent fund. Any loss of such cash may have a material adverse effect on the
Trust s cash balances and any distributions to unitholders. 
 10 

Table of Contents 

The tax treatment of an investment in Trust units could be affected by recent and potential legislative changes,
possibly on a retroactive basis. U.S. federal tax reform legislation informally known as the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act (TCJA) was enacted
December 22, 2017, and made significant changes to the federal income tax rules applicable to both individuals and entities, including changes to the effective tax rate on a Trust unitholder s allocable share of certain income from the
Trust. The TCJA is complex and Trust unitholders should consult their tax advisor regarding the TCJA and its effect on an investment in Trust units. In addition, the current administration has generally proposed repealing fossil fuel tax subsidies,
which could impact certain tax benefits available to Trust unitholders. Any modification to the U.S. federal income tax laws or interpretations
thereof may be applied retroactively and could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. The Trust is unable to predict whether any changes or other proposals will ultimately be enacted, or whether any adverse
interpretations will be used. Any such changes or interpretations could negatively impact the value of an investment in the Trust units. 
 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Trust did not have any unresolved Securities and Exchange Commission staff comments. 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The net profits interests are the principal asset of the Trust. The Trustee cannot acquire any other assets, with the exception of certain short-term
investments as specified under Item 1. Business . The Trustee may sell or otherwise dispose of all or any part of the net profits interests if approved by a vote of holders of 80 or more of the outstanding Trust units, or upon termination of
the Trust. Otherwise, the Trust is required to sell up to 1 percent of the value of the net profits interests in any calendar year, pursuant to notice from XTO Energy of its desire to sell the related underlying properties. Any sale must be for
cash with 80 of the proceeds distributed to the unitholders on the next declared distribution. All the underlying properties are currently owned by XTO Energy. XTO Energy may sell all or any portion of the underlying properties at any time, subject
to and burdened by the net profits interests. The underlying properties are predominantly gas-producing 
properties with established production histories in the Hugoton area of Oklahoma and Kansas, the Anadarko Basin of Oklahoma and the Green River Basin of Wyoming. The average
 reserve-to-production index for the underlying properties as of December 31, 2022 is approximately 13 years. This index is calculated using total proved reserves
and estimated 2023 production for the underlying properties. The projected 2023 production is from proved developed producing reserves as of December 31, 2022. Based on estimated future net cash flows at
 12-month average oil and gas prices, based on the
 first-day-of-the-month price for each month in the period, the future net cash flows from
proved reserves of the underlying properties are approximately 81 percent natural gas and 19 percent oil. XTO Energy operates approximately 95 percent of the underlying properties. 
 Because the underlying properties are working interests, production expense, development costs and overhead are deducted in calculating net profits
income. As a result, net profits income is affected by the level of maintenance and development activity on the underlying properties. See Item 7. Trustee s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations . Total
2022 development costs deducted for the underlying properties were 2.4 million, a decrease of 19 percent from the prior year. XTO Energy has informed the Trustee that total 2023 budgeted development costs for the underlying properties are
between 10 million and 11 million. The increase in the development cost budget from prior years is primarily due to expected participation in the development of three to four non-operated wells in
Major County, Oklahoma, one of which was previously disclosed in other filings. Changes in oil or natural gas prices could impact future development plans on the underlying properties. 
 11 

Table of Contents 

Significant Properties 
 Hugoton Area Natural gas was discovered in the Hugoton
area in 1922. With an estimated five million productive acres covering parts of Texas, Oklahoma and Kansas, the Hugoton area is one of the largest domestic natural gas producing areas. During 2022, daily sales volumes from the underlying properties
in the Hugoton area averaged approximately 5,900 Mcf of gas and 160 Bbls of oil. Most of the production from the underlying properties in the
Hugoton area is from the Chase formation. XTO Energy has informed the Trustee that it has begun to develop other formations that underlie the 79,500 net acres held by production by the Chase formation wells, which include the Council Grove, Morrow,
Chester and St. Louis formations. These formations are characterized by both oil and gas production from a variety of structural and stratigraphic traps. Prior to 2011, XTO Energy drilled wells to these formations and plans to continue this
development program sometime in the future. Within this area, XTO Energy did not drill any new wells or perform any workovers in 2022. XTO Energy
has informed the Trustee that it does not plan to drill any new wells or perform any workovers during 2023. XTO Energy s future development
plans for the underlying properties in the Hugoton area may include: 

1. 
 additional compression to lower line pressures; 

2. 
 installing artificial lift; 

3. 
 opening new producing zones in existing wells; 

4. 
 restimulating producing intervals in existing wells utilizing new technology; 

5. 
 deepening existing wells to new producing zones; and 

6. 
 future drilling of additional wells. 
 Effective May 1, 2014, XTO Energy entered into a gas sales and processing contract with DCP Midstream, L.P. to process all gas production from its
wells attached to the Timberland Gathering System in Seward County, Kansas and in Texas and Beaver Counties, Oklahoma. XTO Energy has advised the Trustee that the system collects approximately 7,000 Mcf per day, of which the majority of its
throughput is from underlying properties. XTO Energy receives 100 of the net value for residue gas based upon a price per MMBtu of Panhandle Eastern Pipe Line Company index. Under this contract DCP is entitled to charge a processing fee of 0.25
per Delivery Point MMBtu and a helium processing fee of 0.05 per 97 Delivery Point Mcf in addition to other deductions such as for fuel and transportation. XTO Energy has exercised its contractual right to take in kind and sell its NGLs and
helium. XTO Energy sells 100 of the net value for any recovered NGLs to an ExxonMobil affiliate at Conway pricing as posted by Oil Price Information Services minus an adjusted base differential. XTO Energy sells the helium to Air Products and
Chemicals, Inc. and Air Products Helium, Inc. under a pricing formula based upon the open market crude helium sales price established by the U.S. Bureau of Land Management. Timberland Gathering Processing Company, Inc. Timberland ), an affiliate of XTO Energy, provides gathering from the wellhead to DCP s gathering system for a fee of 0.75 per Mcf of gas delivered by XTO Energy. The sales contract with DCP Midstream, L.P. has passed its primary
term date of March 31, 2019, and is currently being renewed annually on an evergreen basis, and can be canceled by either party upon 180 days written notice. 
 Other Hugoton gas production is sold under a third party contract that remains in effect for the life of the lease. Under the contract, XTO Energy
receives 74.5 of the net proceeds received by the buyer from the sale of the residue gas and liquids produced from certain underlying properties. The residue gas net proceeds are based upon the weighted average price of the gas sold by the buyer at
its facilities, and the liquids net proceeds are based upon an average daily index sales price, less transportation, processing and storage fees incurred by the buyer. The buyer agrees to use its best efforts to take all of the gas produced, subject
to its market requirements. The buyer has been taking all of the gas produced for over ten years. 
 12 

Table of Contents 

Anadarko Basin 
 Oil and gas accumulations were discovered in the Anadarko Basin of western Oklahoma in 1945. XTO Energy is one of the largest producers in the Ringwood,
Northwest Okeene and Cheyenne Valley fields of Major County, the Northeast Cedardale field of Woodward County and the Elk City field of Beckham County, the principal producing regions of the underlying properties in the Anadarko Basin. Daily sales
volumes from the underlying properties in the Anadarko Basin averaged approximately 11,900 Mcf of gas and 500 Bbls of oil in 2022. The fields in
the Major County area are characterized by oil and gas production from a variety of structural and stratigraphic traps. Productive zones include the Oswego, Red Fork, Inola, Chester, Manning, Mississippian, Hunton and Arbuckle formations. Within
this area, XTO Energy did not drill any wells or perform any workovers in 2022. XTO Energy has informed the Trustee that it does not plan to drill any new wells but may perform two workovers in Major County during 2023. 
 The fields within Woodward County are characterized primarily by gas production from a variety of structural and stratigraphic traps. Productive zones
include the Cottage Grove, Oswego, Chester and Mississippian formations. Within this area, XTO Energy did not drill any wells or perform any workovers in 2022. XTO Energy has informed the Trustee that it does not plan to drill any new wells or
perform any workovers in Woodward County during 2023. The Elk City field on the eastern edge of Beckham County produces oil and gas from a
structural anticline with stratigraphic trapping features. Production zones include the Hoxbar, Atoka and Morrow formations. Within this area, XTO Energy did not drill any wells or perform any workovers in 2022. XTO Energy has informed the Trustee
that it does not plan to drill any new wells but may perform one workover within the Elk City field during 2023. XTO Energy s future
development plans for the underlying properties in the Anadarko Basin may include: 

1. 
 mechanical stimulation of existing wells; 

2. 
 installing artificial lift; 

3. 
 opening new producing zones in existing wells; 

4. 
 deepening existing wells to new producing zones; and 

5. 
 future drilling of additional wells. 
 A gathering subsidiary of XTO Energy operates a 300-mile gathering system and pipeline in the Major County area.
The gathering subsidiary and a third-party processor purchase natural gas produced at the wellhead from XTO Energy and other producers in the area under various agreements, most of which were entered into in the 1960 s and 1970 s, and
which include life-of-production terms such that the contracts will continue until there is no further production from the underlying properties, unless the production
declines so that it is no longer economical to take the gas. The gathering subsidiary and the third-party processor are required to take certain minimum volumes of the gas produced but have been taking all of the volumes produced for over ten years.
The gathering subsidiary gathers and transports the gas to a third-party processor, which processes the gas and pays XTO Energy and other producers for at least 50 of the liquids processed based upon a weighted average sales price less
transportation charges, which price may vary in the event of inadequate markets. After the gas is processed, the gathering subsidiary transports the gas via a residue pipeline to a connection with an interstate pipeline. The gathering subsidiary
pays XTO Energy for the residue gas based upon a weighted average price from downstream sales to third parties, which price will vary monthly based upon market conditions. The gathering subsidiary pays this price to XTO Energy less a compression and
gathering fee of approximately 0.31 per Mcf of residue gas. This gathering fee was previously approved by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission when the gathering subsidiary was regulated. As of December 31, 2022, the gathering system was
collecting approximately 6,250 Mcf per day, approximately 75 of which are operated by XTO Energy. Estimated capacity of the gathering system is 21,000 Mcf per day. The gathering subsidiary also provides contract operating services to properties in
Woodward County, collecting approximately 2,500 Mcf per day, for an average fee of approximately 0.39 per Mcf. 
 13 

Table of Contents 

The fee is subject to an annual price renegotiation under which either party can request that the price provided under the contract be renegotiated. The contract continues on a yearly basis, and
it is subject to termination upon written notice prior to its annual renewal or in the event the parties fail to agree upon a pricing renegotiation. XTO Energy also sells gas directly to third parties. The price paid to XTO Energy is based upon the
weighted average price of several published indices, which price varies upon market conditions, and includes a deduction for any transportation fees charged by the third party. Neither party has a firm obligation to sell or purchase any specific
minimum quantity of gas. Green River Basin The
Green River Basin is located in southwestern Wyoming. Natural gas was discovered in the Fontenelle field of the Green River Basin in the early 1970 s. The producing reservoirs are the Frontier, Baxter and Dakota sandstones. 
 Daily 2022 sales volumes from the underlying properties in the Fontenelle field averaged approximately 8,900 Mcf of natural gas and 20 Bbls of oil. XTO
Energy did not drill any wells or perform any workovers in the Green River Basin in 2022. XTO Energy has advised the Trustee that it does not plan to drill any new wells or perform any workovers in the Green River Basin during 2023. XTO Energy has
advised the Trustee that it is continuing its efforts to reduce pipeline pressure which has shown potential for increasing production and extending field life in the Fontenelle field. 
 Potential development activities for the underlying properties in this area include: 

1. 
 installing artificial lift; 

2. 
 restimulating producing intervals utilizing new technology; 

3. 
 additional compression to lower line pressures; and 

4. 
 opening new producing zones in existing wells. 
 XTO Energy markets the gas produced from the Fontenelle field and nearby properties under various marketing arrangements. Under the agreement covering
the majority of the gas sold, XTO Energy compresses the gas on the lease, transports it off the lease and compresses the gas again prior to entry into the gas plant pipeline. The pipeline transports the gas to the gas plant, where the gas is
processed, then redelivered to XTO Energy. The owner of the gas plant and related pipeline charges XTO Energy for operational fuel and processing and has agreed to accept certain volumes, which amounts can be adjusted by the owner. The owner may be
able to cease taking volumes if it has valid unaddressed concerns regarding the creditworthiness of XTO Energy. In 2022, the fuel charge was approximately 1 of the volumes produced and the fee was approximately 0.13 per MMBtu. These charges are
adjusted annually based upon a published governmental economic index, and the contract renews on a year-to-year basis. XTO Energy transports and sells this gas directly
to the markets based on a spot sales price on a month-to-month term, and the volumes to be sold are generally determined upon a monthly basis. These contracts may be
terminated by either party if there are credit issues with the other party. The gas not sold under the above arrangement may be gathered and sold under a similar arrangement on a
 month-to-month term where the fee is approximately 0.13 per MMBtu and is adjusted annually. The amount of gas that the gatherer is required to gather is limited to
certain maximum volumes, and the gatherer may be able to cease taking volumes if it has valid unaddressed concerns regarding the creditworthiness of XTO Energy. Alternatively, the gas may be sold under a contract where XTO Energy directly sells the
gas to a third party on the lease at an adjusted index price, which price varies upon market conditions. The contract continues on a month-to-month basis, and the buyer
is obligated to make a good faith effort to purchase a minimum 90 of the gas nominated by buyer for purchase. Condensate is sold to an independent third party at market rates on a
 month-to-month basis. The purchaser accepts all condensate delivered at the lease, but either party may suspend performance of the contract if there are credit issues
with the other party. 
 14 

Table of Contents 

Producing Acreage, Drilling and Well Counts 
 For the following data, gross refers to the total wells or acres on the underlying properties in which XTO Energy owns a working interest and
 net refers to gross wells or acres multiplied by the percentage working interest owned by XTO Energy. Although many of XTO Energy s wells produce both oil and gas, a well is categorized as an oil well or a gas well based upon the
ratio of oil to natural gas production. Operated wells are managed by XTO Energy, while non-operated wells are managed by others. 
 The underlying properties are interests in developed properties located primarily in gas producing regions of Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming. The
following is a summary of the approximate producing acreage of the underlying properties at December 31, 2022. Undeveloped acreage is not significant. 

Gross 

Net 

Hugoton Area 

201,912 

189,524 

Anadarko Basin 

155,093 

120,392 

Green River Basin 

32,204 

25,563 

Total 

389,209 

335,479 

The following is a summary of the producing wells on the underlying properties as of December 31, 2022: 

Operated Wells 

Non-operated Wells 

Total (a) 

Gross 

Net 

Gross 

Net 

Gross 

Net 

Gas 

1,012.0 

907.5 

197.0 

44.4 

1,209.0 

951.9 

Oil 

35.0 

31.4 

26.0 

2.5 

61.0 

33.9 

Total 

1,047.0 

938.9 

223.0 

46.9 

1,270.0 

985.8 

(a) 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020 there were no exploratory wells drilled on the underlying properties. There was one gross
(0.01 net) non-operated dry well drilled in 2022 and there were no dry wells drilled in 2021 or 2020. There was one gross (0.35 net), one gross (0.67 net), and one gross (0.13 net) developmental well drilled
in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. Not included in the total is one gross (0.87 net) non-operated well in progress of drilling at December 31, 2022. 
 Estimated Proved Reserves and Future Net Cash Flows The
following are proved reserves of the underlying properties, as estimated by independent engineers, and proved reserves and future net cash flows from proved reserves of the net profits interests, based on an allocation of these reserves, at
December 31, 2022: 

Underlying Properties 

Net Profits Interests 

Proved Reserves (a) 

Proved Reserves (a) (b) 

Future Net Cash Flows 

Gas 

Oil 

Gas 

Oil 

from Proved Reserves (a) (c) 

(Mcf) 

(Bbls) 

(Mcf) 

(Bbls) 

Undiscounted 

Discounted 

(in thousands) 

Oklahoma 

80,281 

1,524 

30,838 

585 

207,112 

110,348 

Wyoming 

38,909 

47 

10,408 

13 

60,085 

35,209 

Kansas 

10,657 

105 

3,500 

34 

18,729 

10,089 

Total 

129,847 

1,676 

44,746 

632 

285,926 

155,646 

(a) 
 Based on 12-month average oil price of 93.46 per Bbl and 5.75 per Mcf for gas,
based on the first-day-of-the-month price for each month in the period.
 
 15 

Table of Contents 

(b) 
 Since the Trust has defined net profits interests, the Trust does not own a specific percentage of the oil and gas
reserves. Oil and gas reserves are allocated to the net profits interests by dividing Trust net cash inflows by 12-month average oil and gas prices. As such, reserves allocated to the Trust have been reduced
to reflect recovery of the Trust s portion of applicable production and development costs, which includes overhead and excess costs. Any conveyance where costs exceed revenues will result in zero allocated net profits interests reserves for
that conveyance. 

(c) 
 Before income taxes, since future net cash flows are not subject to taxation at the trust level. Future net cash flows
are discounted at an annual rate of 10 . Proved reserves at December 31, 2022 consist of the following: 

Underlying Properties 

Net Profits Interests 

Proved Reserves 

Proved Reserves 

Gas (Mcf) 

Oil (Bbls) 

Gas (Mcf) 

Oil (Bbls) 

(in thousands) 

Proved developed producing reserves 

129,847 

1,676 

44,746 

632 

Proved undeveloped reserves 

Proved developed non-producing reserves 

Total proved reserves 

129,847 

1,676 

44,746 

632 

The process of estimating oil and gas reserves is complex and requires significant judgment as discussed in
Item 1A. Risk Factors , and is performed by XTO Energy. As a result, XTO Energy has developed internal policies and controls for estimating and recording reserves. XTO Energy s policies regarding booking reserves require proved
reserves to be in compliance with the SEC definitions and guidance. XTO Energy s policies assign responsibilities for compliance in reserves bookings to its reserve engineering group and require that reserve estimates be made by qualified
reserves estimators, as defined by the Society of Petroleum Engineers standards. All qualified reserves estimators are required to receive education covering the fundamentals of SEC proved reserves assignments. 
 The XTO Energy reserve engineering group reviews reserve estimates with third-party petroleum consultants, Miller and Lents, Ltd., independent petroleum
engineers. Miller and Lents, Ltd. estimated oil and gas reserves attributable to the underlying properties as of December 31, 2022. Miller and Lents primary technical person responsible for calculating the Trust s reserves has more
than ten years of experience as a reserve engineer. The estimated reserves for the underlying properties are then used by XTO Energy to calculate the estimated oil and gas reserves attributable to the net profits interests. Numerous uncertainties
are inherent in estimating reserve volumes and values, and such estimates are subject to change as additional information becomes available. The reserves actually recovered and the timing of production of these reserves may be substantially
different from the original estimates. Reserve quantities and revenues for the net profits interests were estimated from projections of reserves
and revenues attributable to the underlying properties. Since the Trust has defined net profits interests, the Trust does not own a specific percentage of the oil and gas reserves. Oil and gas reserves are allocated to the net profits interests by
dividing Trust net cash inflows by 12-month average oil and gas prices. Oil and Natural Gas Production 
 Trust production is recognized in the period net profits income is received, which is the month following receipt by XTO Energy, and generally two months
after the time of production. Oil and gas sales volumes are allocated to the net profits interests based upon a formula that considers oil and gas prices and the total amount of production expense and development costs. As such, the underlying
property production volume changes may not correlate with the Trust s net profit share of those volumes in any given period. 
 16 

Table of Contents 

Oil and gas production and average sales prices attributable to the underlying properties and the net
profits interests for each of the three years ended December 31 were as follows: 

2022 

2021 

2020 

Production 

Underlying Properties 

Gas Sales (Mcf) 

9,771,977 

10,193,158 

11,372,815 

Average per day (Mcf) 

26,773 

27,926 

31,073 

Oil Sales (Bbls) 

245,586 

232,576 

316,978 

Average per day (Bbls) 

673 

637 

866 

Net Profits Interests 

Gas Sales (Mcf) 

2,440,780 

Average per day (Mcf) 

6,687 

Oil Sales (Bbls) 

48,829 

Average per day (Bbls) 

134 

Average Sales Price 

Gas (per Mcf) 

7.08 

4.05 

2.15 

Oil (per Bbl) 

83.91 

59.25 

41.12 

Average Production 

Cost per BOE 

16.16 

13.37 

12.97 
 
 Oil and gas production by conveyance attributable to the underlying properties for each of the three years ended
December 31 were as follows: 

Underlying Gas Production (Mcf) 

Conveyance 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Oklahoma 

5,833,016 

6,002,087 

7,154,714 

Wyoming 

3,249,822 

3,480,757 

3,409,837 

Kansas 

689,139 

710,314 

808,264 

Total 

9,771,977 

10,193,158 

11,372,815 

Underlying Oil Production (Bbls) 

Conveyance 
 
 2022 

2021 

2020 

Oklahoma 

181,577 

220,964 

305,178 

Wyoming 

7,169 

7,789 

7,447 

Kansas 

56,840 

3,823 

4,353 

Total 

245,586 

232,576 

316,978 

Pricing and Sales Information 
 XTO Energy sells most of its natural gas production directly to third parties, and a portion is sold to certain of XTO Energy s wholly-owned
subsidiaries based on a weighted average sales price. The weighted average sales price received from the subsidiary is based upon sales to third parties for the best available price. Oil production is generally marketed at the wellhead to third
parties at the best available price. XTO Energy arranges for some of its natural gas to be processed by unaffiliated third parties and markets the natural gas liquids. Some of the natural gas attributable to the underlying properties is marketed
under contracts existing at Trust inception. Contracts covering production from the Ringwood area of the Major County area are generally for the life of the lease. The contract with an unaffiliated third party for the majority of production from the
Hugoton area is in effect through the life of the lease. If new contracts are entered with unaffiliated third parties, the proceeds from sales under those new contracts will be included in gross proceeds from the underlying properties. If new
contracts are 
 17 

Table of Contents 

entered with any subsidiary of XTO Energy, it may charge XTO Energy a fee that may not exceed 2 of the sales price of the oil and natural gas received from unaffiliated parties. The sales price
is net of any deductions for transportation from the wellhead to the unaffiliated parties and any gravity or quality adjustments. For further information on these arrangements see Significant Properties above. 
 Regulation Natural Gas Regulation 
 The interstate transportation and sale for resale of natural gas is subject to federal regulation, including transportation and storage rates charged,
tariffs, and various other matters, by the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. Federal price controls on wellhead sales of domestic natural gas terminated on January 1, 1993. While natural gas prices are currently unregulated, Congress
historically has been active in the area of natural gas regulation. On August 8, 2005, Congress enacted the Energy Policy Act of 2005. The Energy Policy Act, among other things, amended the Natural Gas Act to prohibit market manipulation by any
entity, to direct FERC to facilitate market transparency in the market for sale or transportation of physical natural gas in interstate commerce, and to significantly increase the penalties for violations of the Natural Gas Act, the Natural Gas
Policy Act of 1978, or FERC rules, regulations or orders thereunder. FERC has promulgated regulations to implement the Energy Policy Act, including enforcement rules and new annual reporting requirements for certain sellers of natural gas. It is
impossible to predict whether new legislation to regulate natural gas might be proposed, what proposals, if any, might actually be enacted by Congress or the various state legislatures, and what effect, if any, such proposals might have on the
operations of the underlying properties. Federal Regulation of Oil 
 Sales of crude oil, condensate and natural gas liquids are not currently regulated and are made at market prices. The net price received from the sale of
these products is affected by market transportation costs. Under rules adopted by FERC effective January 1995, interstate oil pipelines can change rates based on an inflation index, though other rate mechanisms may be used in specific circumstances.
 On December 19, 2007, the President signed into law the Energy Independence Security Act of 2007
 (PL 110-140). The EISA, among other things, prohibits market manipulation by any person in connection with the purchase or sale of crude oil, gasoline or petroleum distillates at wholesale in
contravention of such rules and regulations that the Federal Trade Commission may prescribe, directs the Federal Trade Commission to enforce the regulations, and establishes penalties for violations thereunder. XTO Energy has advised the Trustee
that it cannot predict the impact of future government regulation on any crude oil, condensate or natural gas liquids facilities, sales or transportation transactions. 
 Environmental Regulation Companies
that are engaged in the oil and gas industry are affected by federal, state and local laws regulating the discharge of materials into the environment. Those laws may impact operations of the underlying properties. No material expenses have been
incurred on the underlying properties in complying with environmental laws and regulations. XTO Energy does not expect that future compliance will have a material adverse effect on the Trust. 
 There is an increased focus by local, national and international regulatory bodies on greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and climate change. Several states
have adopted climate change legislation and regulations, and various other regulatory bodies have announced their intent to regulate GHG emissions or adopt climate change regulations. As these regulations are under development, XTO Energy is unable
to predict the total impact of the potential regulations upon the operators of the underlying properties, and it is possible that operators of the underlying properties could face increases in operating costs in order to comply with climate change
or GHG emissions legislation, which costs could reduce net proceeds payable to the Trust and Trust distributions. 
 18 

Table of Contents 

State Regulation 
 The various states regulate the production and sale of oil and natural gas, including imposing requirements for obtaining drilling permits, the method of
developing new fields, the spacing and operation of wells and the prevention of waste of oil and gas resources. The rates of production may be regulated and the maximum daily production allowables from both oil and gas wells may be established on a
market demand or conservation basis, or both. Federal Income Taxes 
 For federal income tax purposes, the Trust constitutes a fixed investment trust that is taxed as a grantor trust. A grantor trust is not subject to tax
at the trust level. The unitholders are considered to own the Trust s income and principal as though no trust were in existence. The income of the Trust is deemed to have been received or accrued by each unitholder at the time such income is
received or accrued by the Trust and not when distributed by the Trust. Impairments recorded for book purposes will not result in a loss for tax purposes for the unitholders until the loss is recognized. 
 Because the Trust is a grantor trust for federal tax purposes, unitholders are taxed directly on their proportionate share of income, deductions and
credits of the Trust consistent with each such unitholder s taxable year and method of accounting and without regard to the taxable year or method of accounting employed by the Trust. The income of the Trust consists primarily of a specified
share of the net profits from the sale of oil and natural gas produced from the underlying properties. The Trust also incurs administration expenses and may earn interest income on funds held for distribution and for the cash reserve maintained for
the payment of contingent and future obligations of the Trust. The Trust generally allocates its items of income, gain, loss and deduction between
transferors and transferees of the units each month based upon the ownership of the Trust units on the monthly record date, instead of on the basis of the date a particular unit is transferred. It is possible that the IRS could disagree with this
allocation method and could assert that income and deductions of the Trust should be determined and allocated on a daily or prorated basis, which could require adjustments to the tax returns of the unitholders affected by the issue and result in an
increase in the administrative expense of the Trust in subsequent periods. The net profits interests constitute economic interests in
oil and gas properties for federal tax purposes. Each unitholder is entitled to amortize the cost of the units through cost depletion over the life of the net profits interests or, if greater, through percentage depletion equal to 15 of gross
income, limited to 100 of the net income from such net profits interests. Unlike cost depletion, percentage depletion is not limited to a unitholder s depletable tax basis in the units. Rather, a unitholder is entitled to a percentage
depletion deduction as long as the applicable underlying properties generate gross income. Unitholders should compute both percentage depletion and cost depletion from each property and claim the larger amount as a deduction on their income tax
returns. Unitholders must maintain records of their adjusted basis in their Trust units (generally their cost less prior depletion deductions),
make adjustments for depletion deductions to such basis, and use the adjusted basis for the computation of gain or loss on the disposition of the Trust units. 
 If a taxpayer disposes of any Section 1254 property (certain oil, gas, geothermal or other mineral property), and the adjusted basis of
such property includes adjustments for depletion deductions under Section 611 of the Internal Revenue Code (the Code ), the taxpayer generally must recapture the amount deducted for depletion as ordinary income (to the extent of gain
realized on such disposition). This depletion recapture rule applies to any disposition of Section 1254 property that was placed in service by the taxpayer after December 31, 1986. Detailed rules set forth in Sections 1.1254-1 through 1.1254-6 of the U.S. Treasury Regulations govern dispositions of property after March 13, 1995. 
 19 

Table of Contents 

Interest and net profits income attributable to ownership of units and any gain on the sale thereof
are considered portfolio income, and not income from a passive activity, to the extent a unitholder acquires and holds units as an investment and not in the ordinary course of a trade or business. Therefore, interest and net profits
income attributable to ownership of units generally may not be offset by losses from any passive activities. Under the TCJA, for tax years
beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026, the highest marginal U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to ordinary income of individuals is 37 , and the highest marginal U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to
long-term capital gains (generally, gains from the sale or exchange of certain investment assets held for more than one year) and qualified dividends of individuals is 20 . Under the TCJA, for such tax years, personal exemptions and miscellaneous
itemized deductions are not allowed. Further, the U.S. federal income tax rate applicable to corporations is 21 , and such rate applies to both ordinary income and capital gains. 
 Section 1411 of the Code imposes a 3.8 Medicare tax on certain investment income earned by individuals, estates, and trusts. For these purposes,
investment income generally will include a unitholder s allocable share of the Trust s interest and royalty income plus the gain recognized from a sale of Trust units. In the case of an individual, the tax is imposed on the lesser of
(i) the individual s net investment income from all investments, or (ii) the amount by which the individual s modified adjusted gross income exceeds specified threshold levels depending on such individual s federal income
tax filing status. In the case of an estate or trust, the tax is imposed on the lesser of (i) undistributed net investment income, or (ii) the excess adjusted gross income over the dollar amount at which the highest income tax bracket
applicable to an estate or trust begins. The difference between the per-unit taxable income for any period
and the per-unit cash distributions, if any, reported for such period is attributable to (i) items that reduce cash distributions but are not currently deductible, such as an increase in the cash reserve
maintained by the Trust for the payment of future expenditures; (ii) the current deduction of expenses that are paid with amounts previously reserved; (iii) items that increase cash distributions but do not constitute taxable income, such
as a decrease in the cash reserve maintained by the Trust and/or a return of capital; and (iv) items that constitute taxable income due to the recovery of prior period expense adjustments. Because of these types of items and when the Trustee
elects to reserve amounts from monthly distributions to maintain an administrative expense reserve, the taxable income per period frequently differs from the actual amount distributed to unitholders. 
 Individuals may also incur expenses in connection with the acquisition or maintenance of Trust units. For tax years beginning before January 1,
2018 and after December 31, 2025, these expenses, which are different from a unitholder s share of the Trust s administrative expenses discussed above, may be deductible as miscellaneous itemized deductions only to the
extent that such expenses exceed 2 percent of the individual s adjusted gross income. Under the TCJA, for tax years beginning after December 31, 2017 and before January 1, 2026, miscellaneous itemized deductions are not allowed.
 Pursuant to the Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (commonly referred to as FATCA ), distributions from the Trust to foreign
financial institutions and certain other non-financial foreign entities may be subject to U.S. withholding taxes. Specifically, certain withholdable payments (including certain
royalties, interest and other gains or income from U.S. sources) made to a foreign financial institution or non-financial foreign entity will generally be subject to the withholding tax unless the foreign
financial institution or non-financial foreign entity complies with certain information reporting, withholding, identification, certification and related requirements imposed by FATCA. Foreign financial
institutions located in jurisdictions that have an intergovernmental agreement with the United States governing FATCA may be subject to different rules. 
 The Treasury Department issued guidance providing that the FATCA withholding rules described above generally will apply to qualifying payments made
after June 30, 2014. Foreign unitholders are encouraged to consult their own tax advisor regarding the possible implications of these withholding provisions on their investment in Trust units. 
 20 

Table of Contents 

Some Trust units are held by middlemen, as such term is broadly defined in U.S. Treasury Regulations
(and includes custodians, nominees, certain joint owners, and brokers holding an interest for a customer in street name, collectively referred to herein as middlemen ). Therefore, the Trustee considers the Trust to be a non-mortgage widely held fixed investment trust WHFIT for U.S. federal income tax purposes. Argent Trust Company, agent for the Trustee, EIN: 62-1437218, 2911
Turtle Creek Blvd, Suite 850, Dallas, Texas, 75219, telephone number 1-855-588-7839, email address
 Trustee@hgt-hugoton.com, is the representative of the Trust that will provide tax information in accordance with applicable U.S. Treasury Regulations governing the information reporting requirements of the
Trust as a WHFIT. Tax information is also posted by the Trustee at www.hgt-hugoton.com . Notwithstanding the foregoing, the middlemen holding Trust units on behalf of unitholders, and not the Trustee of
the Trust, are solely responsible for complying with the information reporting requirements under the U.S. Treasury Regulations with respect to such Trust units, including the issuance of IRS Forms 1099 and certain written tax statements.
Unitholders whose Trust units are held by middlemen should consult with such middlemen regarding the information that will be reported to them by the middlemen with respect to the Trust units. 
 Unitholders should consult their tax advisor regarding Trust tax compliance matters. 
 State Income Taxes All revenues from
the Trust are from sources within Kansas, Oklahoma or Wyoming. Kansas and Oklahoma each impose a state income tax, which is potentially applicable to income from the net profits interests located in each of those states. Because it distributes all
of its net income to unitholders, the Trust is not taxed at the trust level in Kansas or Oklahoma. While the Trust does not owe tax, the Trustee is required to file an Oklahoma income tax return reflecting the income and deductions of the Trust
attributable to properties located in the state, along with a schedule that includes information regarding distributions to unitholders. Oklahoma taxes the income of nonresidents from real property located within the state, and the Trust has been
advised by counsel that Oklahoma will tax nonresidents on income from the net profits interest located within the state. Oklahoma also imposes a corporate income tax that may apply to unitholders organized as corporations (subject to certain
exceptions for S corporations and limited liability companies, depending on their treatment for federal tax purposes). Kansas also taxes the income
of nonresidents from property located within the state. The Trust did not file a Kansas income tax return for the 2015 through 2021 tax years due to the fact that there were no revenues, income, or deductions attributable to properties located in
Kansas in that time period. Wyoming does not impose a state income tax. 
 Unitholders should consult their own tax advisor regarding state income tax requirements, if any, applicable to such person s ownership of Trust
units. State Tax Withholding 
 Several states have enacted legislation requiring state income tax withholding from payments to nonresident recipients of oil and gas proceeds. After
consultation with its tax counsel, the Trustee believes that it is not required to withhold on payments made to the unitholders. However, regulations are subject to change by the various states, which could change this conclusion. Should amounts be
withheld on payments made to the Trust or the unitholders, distributions to the unitholders would be reduced by the required amount, subject to the filing of a claim for refund by the Trust or unitholders for such amount. 
 Other Regulation The petroleum
industry is also subject to compliance with various other federal, state and local regulations and laws, including, but not limited to, regulations and laws relating to environmental protection, occupational safety, resource conservation and equal
employment opportunity. XTO Energy has advised the Trustee that it does not believe that compliance with these laws will have any material adverse effect upon the unitholders. 
 21 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 As previously disclosed, XTO Energy advised the Trustee that it reached a settlement with the plaintiffs in the Chieftain class action royalty
case. On July 27, 2018, the final plan of allocation was approved by the court. Based on the final plan of allocation, XTO Energy advised the Trustee that it believes approximately 24.3 million in additional production costs
should be allocated to the Trust. On May 2, 2018, the Trustee submitted a demand for arbitration seeking a declaratory judgment that the Chieftain settlement is not a production cost and that XTO Energy is prohibited from charging
the settlement as a production cost under the conveyance or otherwise reducing the Trust s payments now or in the future as a result of the Chieftain litigation. The Trust and XTO Energy conducted the interim hearing on the claims
related to the Chieftain settlement on October 12-13, 2020. In the arbitration, the Trustee contended that the approximately 24.3 million allocation related to the Chieftain
 settlement was not a production cost and, therefore, there should not be a related adjustment to the Trust s share of net proceeds. However, XTO Energy contended that the approximately 24.3 million was a production cost and should
reduce the Trust s share of net proceeds. On January 20, 2021, the arbitration panel issued its Corrected Interim Final Award (i)
 reject[ing] the Trust s contention that XTO has no right under the Conveyance to charge the Trust with amounts XTO paid under section 1.18(a)(i) as royalty obligations to settle the Chieftain litigation and
(ii) stating [t]he next phase will determine how much of the Chieftain settlement can be so charged, if any of it can be, in the exercise of the right found by the Panel. Following briefing by both parties, on May 18,
2021, the Panel issued its second interim final award over the amount of XTO Energy s settlement in the Chieftain class action lawsuit that can be charged to the Trust as a production cost. The Panel in its decision has ruled that out of
the 80 million settlement, the Trust is obligated to pay its share under the Conveyance of the 48 million that was received by the plaintiffs in the Chieftain lawsuit by virtue of the settlement of that litigation. The Trust
is not obligated by the Conveyance to pay any share of the 32 million received by the lawyers for the plaintiffs in the Chieftain lawsuit by virtue of the settlement. XTO Energy and the Trustee are in the process of determining
the portion of the 48 million that is allocable to Trust properties to be charged as an excess cost to the Trust, but estimate it to be approximately 14.6 million net to the Trust. 
 The reduction in the Trust s share of net proceeds from the portion of the settlement amount the Panel has ruled may be charged against the
Oklahoma conveyance would result in excess costs under the Oklahoma conveyance that would likely result in no distributions under the Oklahoma conveyance while these excess costs are recovered. This award completes the portion of the arbitration
related to the Chieftain settlement. Excess costs on any individual conveyance would not affect net proceeds to the Trust on any of the other remaining conveyances. 
 Other Trustee claims related to disputed amounts on the computation of the Trust s net proceeds for 2014 through 2019 and 2021 were bifurcated from
the initial arbitration. Pursuant to the purchase and sale agreement entered into between the Trustee and XTO Energy, the parties had agreed to stay the arbitration from the date of execution of the purchase and sale agreement to the earlier of the
termination of the purchase and sale agreement or closing date of the sale of assets. Effective August 22, 2022, the Trustee and XTO Energy mutually agreed to terminate the purchase and sale agreement. As a result of the termination, the stay
of these arbitration proceedings between XTO Energy and the Trustee with respect to the Trust was lifted, and the arbitration proceedings recommenced. The proceedings have been abated pending a determination as to whether Argent Trust Company will
become the successor trustee. Certain of the underlying properties are involved in various other lawsuits and governmental proceedings arising in
the ordinary course of business. XTO Energy has advised the Trustee that, based on the information available at this stage of the various proceedings, it does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these claims will have a material effect on
the financial position or liquidity of the Trust, but may have an effect on annual distributable income. 
 22 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not Applicable. PART II 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR UNITS OF THE TRUST, RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS AND TRUST PURCHASES OF UNITS 
 Units of Beneficial Interest The units of beneficial interest
in the Trust began trading on the New York Stock Exchange on April 9, 1999 under the symbol HGT. On August 27, 2018, the Trust units were delisted from the NYSE and began to be quoted on the OTCQX, which is maintained by the
OTC Market Group Inc., under the symbol HGTXU. The Trust transitioned from the OTCQX to the OTCQB on May 19, 2020. Any quotations on the OTCQB reflect inter-dealer prices, without retail
 mark-up, mark-down, or commission and may not necessarily reflect actual transactions. At March 6,
2023, there were 40,000,000 units outstanding and approximately 533 unitholders of record; 39,626,574 of these units were held by depository institutions. 
 The Trust has no equity compensation plans, nor has it purchased any units during the period covered by this report. 
 See Item 1. Business for a description of the Trustee s obligations to make monthly distributions and how the monthly distribution amount is
determined under the indenture. ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 
 23 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7. TRUSTEE S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS Calculation of Net Profits Income 
 The following is a summary of the calculation of net profits income received by the Trust: 

Year Ended December 31 (a) 

Three Months Ended December 31 (a) 

2022 

2021 

2022 

2021 

Sales Volumes 

Gas (Mcf) (b) 

Underlying properties 

9,771,977 

10,193,158 

2,486,247 

2,535,648 

Average per day 

26,773 

27,926 

27,024 

27,561 

Net profits interests 

2,440,780 

1,007,610 

Oil (Bbls) (b) 

Underlying properties 

245,586 

232,576 

45,584 

53,307 

Average per day 

673 

637 

495 

579 

Net profits interests 

48,829 

19,700 

Average Sales Prices 

Gas (per Mcf) 

7.08 

4.05 

7.53 

5.38 

Oil (per Bbl) 

83.91 

59.25 

87.51 

71.49 

Revenues 

Gas sales 

69,197,629 

41,253,923 

18,723,053 

13,642,480 

Oil sales 

20,607,491 

13,779,370 

3,988,840 

3,810,638 

Total Revenues 

89,805,120 

55,033,293 

22,711,893 

17,453,118 

Costs 

Taxes, transportation and other 

13,169,884 

10,696,192 

3,799,727 

3,040,509 

Production expense 

17,692,775 

13,691,172 

4,981,516 

3,684,901 

Development costs 

2,390,390 

2,966,646 

970,974 

210,872 

Overhead 

12,587,189 

12,141,737 

3,084,904 

3,056,381 

Excess costs (c) 

19,534,417 

15,634,495 

7,460,455 

Total Costs 

65,374,655 

55,130,242 

12,837,121 

17,453,118 

Other Proceeds 

32 

96,949 

Net Proceeds 

24,430,497 

9,874,772 

Net Profits Percentage 

80 

80 

80 

80 

Net Profits Income 

19,544,398 

7,899,818 

(a) 
 Because of the two-month interval between time of production and receipt of net
profits income by the Trust: 1) oil and gas sales for the year ended December 31 generally relate to twelve months of production for the period November through October, and 2) oil and gas sales for the three months ended December 31
generally relate to production for the period August through October. 

(b) 
 Oil and gas sales volumes are allocated to the net profits interests by dividing Trust net cash inflows by average sales
prices. As oil and gas prices change, the Trust s allocated production volumes are impacted as the quantity of production necessary to cover expenses changes inversely with price. As such, the underlying property production volume changes may
not correlate with the Trust s allocated production volumes in any given period. Therefore, comparative discussion of oil and gas sales volumes is based on the underlying properties. 

(c) 
 See Note 4 to Financial Statements under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data .
 
 24 

Table of Contents 

Results of Operations 
 Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 Net profits
income for 2022 was 19,544,398, as compared with 0 for 2021. This was primarily the result of higher oil and gas prices 29.3 million), increased oil production 0.9 million), and decreased development costs 0.5 million), offset by increased
production expenses 3.2 million), net excess costs activity 3.1 million), decreased gas production 2.4 million), increased taxes, transportation and other costs 2.0 million), increased overhead 0.4 million), and decreased other proceeds 0.1 million). Trust administration expense was 758,312 in 2022 as compared to 935,488 in 2021. Cash reserve activity for 2022 included
additions of 1,000,000 which the Trustee reserved for administrative expenses. Simmons Bank funded 935,488 for the payment of Trust expenses in 2021 for which it was reimbursed in 2022. Interest income was 16,810 in 2022 and 0 in 2021. Changes
in interest income are attributable to fluctuations in net profits income, cash reserve and interest rates. Distributable income was 16,585,039 or 0.414626 per unit in 2022 and 0 or 0.000000 per unit in 2021. 
 Net profits income is recorded when received by the Trust, which is the month following receipt by XTO Energy, and generally two months after oil and
gas production. Net profits income is generally affected by three major factors: 

1. 
 oil and gas sales volumes; 

2. 
 oil and gas sales prices; and 

3. 
 costs deducted in the calculation of net profits income. 
 Volumes 
 Gas . Underlying gas sales volumes decreased 4 percent from 2021 to 2022 primarily because of natural
production decline, partially offset by timing of cash receipts, and decreased downtime. 
 Oil . Underlying oil sales volumes increased 6 percent from 2021 to 2022 primarily because of timing of
cash receipts, and decreased downtime, partially offset by natural production decline. The estimated rate of natural production decline on the
underlying oil and gas properties is approximately 6 to 8 percent a year. Prices 
 Gas . The 2022 average gas price was 7.08 per Mcf, up 75 percent from the 2021 average gas price of
 4.05 per Mcf. Natural gas prices are affected by the level of North American production, weather, crude oil and natural gas liquids prices, the U.S. economy, storage levels and export levels of liquefied natural gas. Natural gas prices are
expected to remain volatile. The average NYMEX price for November 2022 through January 2023 was 5.54 per MMBtu. At March 15, 2023, the average NYMEX gas price for the following 12 months was 3.22 per MMBtu. 
 Oil . The average oil price for 2022 was 83.91 per Bbl, up 42 percent from the average oil price for
2021 of 59.25 per Bbl. Oil prices are expected to remain volatile. The average NYMEX price for November 2022 through January 2023 was 79.78 per Bbl. At March 15, 2023, the average NYMEX oil price for the following 12 months was 67.70 per
Bbl. Costs The calculation of net profits income
includes deductions for production expense, development costs and overhead since the related underlying properties are working interests. 
 25 

Table of Contents 

Taxes, transportation and other . Taxes, transportation and
other costs generally fluctuate with changes in total revenues. Taxes, transportation and other costs increased 23 percent from 2021 to 2022 primarily because of increased production taxes on higher revenues, property taxes, and gas deductions,
partially offset by receipt of production tax refunds. Production expense . Production expense increased
29 percent from 2021 to 2022 primarily because of increased repairs and maintenance, salt water disposal costs, plug and abandonment expenses, partially offset by decreased labor. 
 Development costs . Development costs decreased 19 percent from 2021 to 2022 primarily because of timing
of drilling costs related to non-operated wells in Major County, Oklahoma, partially offset by equipment purchases in Wyoming. Changes in oil or natural gas prices could impact future development plans on the
underlying properties. Overhead . Overhead is charged by XTO Energy and other operators for
administrative expenses incurred to support operations of the underlying properties. Overhead fluctuates based on changes in the active well count and drilling activity on the underlying properties, as well as an annual cost level adjustment. 
 Excess costs . If monthly costs exceed revenues for any of the three conveyances (one for each of the states
of Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming), such excess costs must be recovered, with accrued interest, from future net proceeds of that conveyance and cannot reduce net proceeds from other conveyances. For further information on excess costs, including the
balance and accrued interest by conveyance, see Note 4 to Financial Statements under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 Other Proceeds. The calculation of net profits income for 2021 included 96,949 77,559 net to the Trust) from XTO
Energy due to interest received on past due payments. Fourth Quarter 2022 and 2021 
 Net profits income for fourth quarter 2022 was 7,899,818 as compared with 0 for fourth quarter 2021. This was primarily the result of net excess costs
activity 6.0 million) and higher oil and gas prices 5.0 million), offset by increased production expenses 1.0 million), decreased oil and gas production 0.8 million), increased development costs 0.6 million), and increased taxes,
transportation and other costs 0.6 million). After adding interest income of 13,446 deducting administration expense of 292,584, distributable
income for fourth quarter 2022 was 7,620,680 or 0.190517 per unit. Distributable income for fourth quarter 2021 was 0 or 0.000000 per unit. 
 Distributions to unitholders for the quarter ended December 31, 2022 were: 

Record Date 
 
 Payment Date 
 
 Per Unit 

October 31, 2022 
 
 November 15, 2022 

0.077933 

November 30, 2022 
 
 December 14, 2022 

0.066725 

December 30, 2022 
 
 January 17, 2023 

0.045859 

0.190517 

Volumes Fourth
quarter underlying gas and oil sales volumes decreased 2 percent and 14 percent, respectively, primarily because of natural production decline and timing of cash receipts. 
 26 

Table of Contents 

Prices 
 The average fourth quarter 2022 gas price was 7.53 per Mcf, up 40 percent from the fourth quarter 2021 average price of 5.38 per Mcf. The average
fourth quarter 2022 oil price was 87.51 per Bbl, up 22 percent from the fourth quarter 2021 average price of 71.49 per Bbl. For further information about product prices, see Years Ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
Prices above. Costs Taxes,
transportation and other . Taxes, transportation and other costs increased 25 percent for the fourth quarter primarily because of increased production taxes on higher revenues, property taxes, and gas deductions. 
 Production expense . Fourth quarter production expense increased 35 percent primarily because of increased repairs and
maintenance expenses. Development costs . Development costs increased 760,102 from the fourth quarter 2021, primarily because
of timing of drilling costs related to non-operated wells in Major County, Oklahoma and equipment purchases in Wyoming. 
 Overhead . Overhead is charged by XTO Energy and other operators for administrative expenses incurred to support operations of the
underlying properties. Overhead fluctuates based on changes in the active well count and drilling activity on the underlying properties, as well as an annual cost level adjustment. 
 Excess costs . If monthly costs exceed revenues for any of the three conveyances (one for each of the states of Kansas, Oklahoma and
Wyoming), such excess costs must be recovered, with accrued interest, from future net proceeds of that conveyance and cannot reduce net proceeds from other conveyances. For information on excess costs, including the excess cost balance and accrued
interest by conveyance, see Note 4 to Financial Statements under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . Liquidity and Capital Resources
 The Trust s only cash requirement is any declared monthly distribution of its income to unitholders, which is funded by the monthly receipt
of net profits income after payment of Trust administration expenses. The Trust is not liable for any production costs or liabilities attributable to the net profits interests. If at any time the Trust receives net profits income in excess of the
amount due, the Trust is not obligated to return such overpayment, but future net profits income payable to the Trust will be reduced by the overpayment, plus interest at the prime rate. The Trust may borrow funds required to pay Trust liabilities
if fully repaid prior to further distributions to unitholders. The Trust does not have any transactions, arrangements or other relationships with
unconsolidated entities or persons that could materially affect the Trust s liquidity or the availability of capital resources. The
accompanying financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Trust will continue as a going concern. Financial statements prepared on a going concern basis assume the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the normal
course of business. Between April 2018 and October 2020, accumulated excess costs for the Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming conveyances resulted in insufficient net proceeds to the Trust versus its current and anticipated expenses and a reduction in the
Trust s expense reserve to zero. Following depletion of the expense reserve, ongoing expenses and accumulated excess costs continued to result in no net proceeds to the Trust through February 2022. These conditions raised substantial doubt
about the Trust s ability to continue as a going concern as the Trust did not have sufficient cash to meet its obligations during the one-year period after the dates that the financial statements were
issued. Factors attributable to the cash shortage were primarily the previously disclosed development costs to drill four horizontal wells in Major County, 
 27 

Table of Contents 

Oklahoma, lower oil and gas prices during 2019 and 2020, and excess cost positions on the Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming conveyances which resulted in no unitholder distributions between March 2018
and June 2022. All conveyances have now received enough net profits income to recoup all of the excess costs in those conveyances plus the accrued interest. The net profits income received was also sufficient to reimburse Simmons Bank for the
administrative expenses that it advanced after the expense reserve was depleted in October 2020 and fund the expense reserve. As of the July 2022 distribution announcement, the expense reserve was replenished to 1,000,000. 
 On May 18, 2021, the arbitration panel issued its second interim final award over the amount of XTO Energy s settlement in the
 Chieftain class action lawsuit that can be charged to the Trust as a production cost which XTO Energy has estimated to be approximately 14.6 million net to the Trust after the arbitration panel has determined the remaining claims and
issued its final award. This adjustment would likely result in the Oklahoma conveyance returning to an excess cost position for a period of time. Excess costs on the Oklahoma conveyance would not affect net proceeds to the Trust from the Kansas or
Wyoming conveyances. The Trustee has prepared a preliminary budget estimating the administrative expenses for the nine months ending December 31, 2023 and the three months ending March 31, 2024 which assumes no cash inflow from net profits
income. Based on the above assumptions, the Trustee believes that the Trust would be able to meet its financial obligations for the one-year period after the financial statements are issued. 
 During the period of time in which the Trust received no net profits income, the Trustee reviewed the Trust s alternatives to continuing as a going
concern, which included a potential sale of the Trust s assets and/or termination of the Trust. On July 2, 2021, the Trustee announced that it had entered into a purchase and sale agreement with XTO Energy pursuant to which XTO Energy
would acquire for 6,600,000 in cash the net overriding royalty interest created pursuant to the net profits interest conveyances held by the Trust and certain other assets constituting substantially all of the assets of the Trust. 
 The consummation of the sale of the assets was subject to the satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including approval of the sale from holders
of units of beneficial interest in the Trust Units holding Units representing eighty percent (80 or more of all the Units outstanding, or a final judicial determination authorizing the Trustee to consummate the sale of the assets.
The Trustee held a Special Meeting of unitholders on December 10, 2021 for the purpose of approving the sale of assets. The sale was not approved by unitholders. 
 Execution of the purchase and sale agreement followed a process previously announced by the Trust whereby the Trustee had engaged a third party to
market the Trust s assets. Effective August 22, 2022, the Trustee and XTO Energy mutually agreed to terminate the purchase and sale
agreement. As a result of the termination, the Trustee refunded the deposit paid by XTO Energy, together with interest. Greenhouse Gas Emissions and Climate
Change Regulations There is an increased focus by local, national and international regulatory bodies on greenhouse gas (GHG) emissions and
climate change. A number of nations and U.S. states have adopted or are considering some form of climate change legislation and regulations, including carbon taxes,
 cap-and-trade policies and bans on drilling in certain areas or in certain ways. The climate accord reached at the Conference of the Parties (COP21) in Paris set many
new goals, and while many related policies are still emerging, XTO Energy has informed the Trustee that it continues to anticipate that such policies will increase the cost of carbon dioxide emissions over time. As these regulations are under
development, XTO Energy is unable to predict the total impact of the potential regulations upon the operators of the underlying properties, and it is possible that the operators of the underlying properties could face increases in operating costs or
a ban of certain types of activities in order to comply with climate change or GHG emissions legislation, which costs could reduce or eliminate net proceeds payable to the Trust and Trust distributions. 
 28 

Table of Contents 

Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Trust has no off-balance sheet financing arrangements. The Trust has not guaranteed the debt of any other
party, nor does the Trust have any other arrangements or relationships with other entities that could potentially result in unconsolidated debt, losses or contingent obligations. 
 Related Party Transactions XTO Energy operates approximately
95 of the underlying properties. In computing net proceeds, XTO Energy deducts an overhead charge for reimbursement of administrative expenses on the underlying properties it operates. As of December 31, 2022, the monthly overhead charge,
based on the number of operated wells, was approximately 998,000 798,400 net to the Trust) and is subject to annual adjustment based on an oil and gas industry index as defined in the Trust Indenture. 
 Certain of XTO Energy s wholly-owned subsidiaries purchase natural gas and provide services for the properties operated by XTO Energy. In the
Hugoton area, Timberland provides gathering from the wellhead to DCP s gathering system for approximately 0.75 per Mcf and an ExxonMobil affiliate purchases NGLs for a price based upon third party sales. A portion of the gas production in
Major County, Oklahoma is sold to Ringwood Gathering Company RGC for a price based upon third party sales. RGC retains approximately 0.31 per Mcf as a compression and gathering fee. For further information regarding natural gas sales
from the underlying properties to affiliates of XTO Energy, see Significant Properties, under Item 2. Properties . Total gas
sales from the underlying properties to XTO Energy s wholly-owned subsidiaries were 6.1 million for 2022, or 9 percent of total gas sales, 2.8 million for 2021, or 7 percent of total gas sales. 
 On June 25, 2010, XTO Energy became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exxon Mobil Corporation. 
 The calculation of net profits income for 2021 included 96,949 77,559 net to the Trust) from XTO Energy due to interest received on past due
payments. Critical Accounting Policies The financial
statements of the Trust are significantly affected by its basis of accounting and estimates related to its oil and gas properties and proved reserves, as summarized below. 
 Basis of Accounting The Trust s financial
statements are prepared on a modified cash basis, which is a comprehensive basis of accounting other than U.S. GAAP. This method of accounting is consistent with reporting of taxable income to Trust unitholders. The most significant differences
between the Trust s financial statements and those prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP are: 

1. 
 Net profits income is recognized in the month received rather than accrued in the month of production.

2. 
 Expenses are recognized when paid rather than when incurred. 

3. 
 Cash reserves may be established by the Trustee for certain contingencies that would not be recorded under U.S. GAAP.
 This comprehensive basis of accounting other than U.S. GAAP corresponds to the accounting permitted for royalty trusts by the
U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, as specified by Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 12:E, Financial Statements of Royalty Trusts. For further information regarding the Trust s basis of accounting, see Note 2 to Financial Statements under
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 29 

Table of Contents 

All amounts included in the Trust s financial statements are based on cash amounts received or
disbursed, or on the carrying value of the net profits interests, which was derived from the historical cost of the interests at the date of their transfer from XTO Energy, less accumulated amortization to date. Accordingly, there are no fair value
estimates included in the financial statements based on either exchange or non-exchange trade values. Oil and Gas
Reserves The proved oil and gas reserves for the underlying properties are estimated by independent petroleum engineers. The estimated
reserves for the underlying properties are then used by XTO Energy to calculate the estimated oil and gas reserves attributable to the net profits interests. Reserve engineering is a subjective process that is dependent upon the quality of available
data and the interpretation thereof. Estimates by different engineers often vary, sometimes significantly. In addition, physical factors such as the results of drilling, testing and production subsequent to the date of an estimate, as well as
economic factors such as changes in product prices, may justify revision of such estimates. Because proved reserves are required to be estimated using 12-month average prices, based on the first-day-of-the-month price for each month in the period, estimated reserve quantities can be
significantly impacted by changes in product prices. Accordingly, oil and gas quantities ultimately recovered and the timing of production may be substantially different from original estimates. 
 The standardized measure of discounted future net cash flows and changes in such cash flows, as reported in Note 9 to Financial Statements under
Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data , is prepared using assumptions required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board and the Securities and Exchange Commission. Such assumptions include using 12-month average oil and gas prices, based on the
 first-day-of-the-month price for each month in the period, and year end costs for
estimated future development and production expenditures, including recovery of cumulative excess costs remaining at year end. Discounted future net cash flows are calculated using a 10 rate. Changes in any of these assumptions, including
consideration of other factors, could have a significant impact on the standardized measure. Accordingly, the standardized measure does not represent XTO Energy s or the Trustee s estimated current market value of proved reserves. 
 Forward-Looking Statements Certain information included in
this annual report and other materials filed, or to be filed, by the Trust with the Securities and Exchange Commission (as well as information included in oral statements or other written statements made or to be made by XTO Energy or the Trustee)
contain forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, and Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, relating to the Trust, operations of the underlying
properties and the oil and gas industry. Such forward-looking statements may concern, among other things, excess costs, reserve-to-production ratios, future production,
development activities and associated operating expenses, future development plans by area, increased density drilling, maintenance projects, development, production, regulatory and other costs, oil and gas prices and expectations for future demand,
the impact of inflation and economic downturns on economic activity, government policy and its impact on oil and gas prices and future demand, the development and competitiveness of alternative energy sources, pricing differentials, proved reserves,
future net cash flows, production levels, expense reserve budgets, availability of financing, arbitration, litigation, liquidity, financing, political and regulatory matters, such as tax and environmental policy, climate policy, trade barriers,
sanctions, competition, war and other political or security disturbances. Such forward-looking statements are based on XTO Energy s and the Trustee s current plans, expectations, assumptions, projections and estimates and are identified by
words such as may, expects, intends, plans, projects, anticipates, predicts, believes, goals, estimates, should, 
 could, would, and similar words that convey the uncertainty of future events. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve certain risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict.
Therefore, actual financial and operational results may differ materially from expectations, estimates or assumptions expressed in, implied in, or forecasted in such forward-looking statements. Some of the risk factors that could cause actual
results to differ materially are explained in Item 1A. Risk Factors . 
 30 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 Not required for smaller reporting companies; the Trust has elected to omit this information. 

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 

Page 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB 238) 

32 

Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Trust Corpus 

33 

Statements of Distributable Income 

33 

Statements of Changes in Trust Corpus 

33 

Notes to Financial Statements 

34 
 
 All financial statement schedules are omitted as they are inapplicable or the required information has been included in
the consolidated financial statements or notes thereto. 
 31 

Table of Contents 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Unitholders of Hugoton Royalty Trust and Simmons Bank, as Trustee 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying statements of assets, liabilities and trust corpus of Hugoton Royalty Trust (the Trust as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, and the related statements of distributable income and changes in trust corpus for the years then ended, including the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial
statements present fairly, in all material respects, the assets, liabilities and trust corpus of the Trust as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and its distributable income and its changes in trust corpus for the years then ended in
conformity with the modified cash basis of accounting described in Note 2. Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Trustee. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Trust s financial statements based on our
audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB) and are required to be independent with respect to the Trust in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the
applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. We conducted our audits of these financial statements in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Trust is not required
to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing
an opinion on the effectiveness of the Trust s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. Our audits included
performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence
regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by the Trustee, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial
statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. Basis of Accounting 
 As described in Note 2, these financial statements were prepared on the modified cash basis of accounting, which is a comprehensive basis of accounting other than
generally accepted accounting principles. Critical Audit Matters 
 Critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit
committee and that (i) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (ii) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP 

Dallas, Texas 
 
 March 30, 2023 
 We have served as the Trust s auditor since 2011. 
 32 

Table of Contents 

HUGOTON ROYALTY TRUST 
 STATEMENTS OF ASSETS, LIABILITIES AND TRUST CORPUS 

December 31 

2022 

2021 

Assets 

Cash and short-term investments (a) 

2,829,458 

660,000 

Interest to be received 

4,902 

Net profits interests in oil and gas properties net (Notes 1 and 2) 

2,834,360 

660,000 

Liabilities and Trust Corpus 

Distribution payable to unitholders 

1,834,360 

Performance guarantee deposit (a) 

660,000 

Expense reserve (b) 

1,000,000 

Accounts payable Simmons Bank (c) 

1,217,857 

Trust corpus (40,000,000 units of beneficial interest authorized and outstanding) 

(1,217,857) 

2,834,360 

660,000 

(a) 
 As of December 31, 2021, the only cash and short-term investments held by the Trust was the performance guarantee
deposit paid by XTO Energy equal to 10 of the purchase price per Section 3.02 of the purchase and sale agreement. Effective August 22, 2022, the Trustee and XTO Energy mutually agreed to terminate the purchase and sale agreement. As a
result of the termination, the Trustee refunded the deposit paid by XTO Energy, together with interest. 

(b) 
 The expense reserve allows the Trustee to pay its obligations should it be unable to pay them out of the net profits
income. 

(c) 
 As of December 31, 2021, Simmons Bank, the Trustee, had paid expenses for the Trust, subject to its rights to be
indemnified and reimbursed pursuant to the terms of the Trust indenture. These expenses were reimbursed in 2022. 
 STATEMENTS OF DISTRIBUTABLE INCOME 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

Net profits income 

19,544,398 

Interest income 

16,810 

Total income 

19,561,208 

Administration expense 

758,312 

935,488 

Cash reserves withheld (used) for Trust expenses 

1,000,000 

Change in accounts payable to Simmons Bank (increase)/decrease 

1,217,857 

(935,488) 

Distributable income 

16,585,039 

Distributable income per unit (40,000,000 units) 

0.414626 

0.000000 

STATEMENTS OF CHANGES
IN TRUST CORPUS 

Year Ended December 31 

2022 

2021 

Trust corpus, beginning of year 

(1,217,857) 

(282,369) 
 
 Distributable income 

16,585,039 

Distributions declared 

(16,585,039) 

Change in accounts payable to Simmons Bank (increase)/decrease 

1,217,857 

(935,488) 

Trust corpus, end of year 

(1,217,857) 

See accompanying notes to financial statements. 
 33 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 1.
Trust Organization and Provisions Hugoton Royalty Trust (the Trust was created on December 1, 1998 by XTO Energy Inc.
(formerly known as Cross Timbers Oil Company and, hereafter, XTO Energy ). Effective on that date, XTO Energy conveyed 80 net profits interests in certain predominantly gas-producing 
working interest properties in Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming to the Trust under separate conveyances for each of the three states. In exchange for the conveyances of the net profits interests to the Trust, XTO Energy received 40 million units of
beneficial interest in the Trust. The Trust s initial public offering was in April 1999. The majority of the underlying working interest properties are currently owned and operated by XTO Energy (Note 7). 
 Simmons Bank is the Trustee for the Trust. Effective December 30, 2022, Argent Trust Company began serving as agent for the Trustee. The Trust
indenture provides, among other provisions, that: 

1. 
 the Trust cannot engage in any business activity or acquire any assets other than the net profits interests and specific
short-term cash investments; 

2. 
 the Trust may dispose of all or part of the net profits interests if approved by a vote of holders of 80 or more of the
outstanding Trust units, or upon Trust termination. Otherwise, the Trust is required to sell up to 1 of the value of the net profits interests in any calendar year, pursuant to notice from XTO Energy of its desire to sell the related underlying
properties. Any sale must be for cash with 80 of the proceeds distributed to the unitholders on the next declared distribution; 

3. 
 the Trustee may establish a cash reserve for payment of any liability that is contingent or not currently payable;

4. 
 the Trustee may borrow funds to pay Trust liabilities if repaid in full prior to further distributions to unitholders;

5. 
 the Trustee will make monthly cash distributions to unitholders (Note 3); and 

6. 
 the Trust will terminate upon the first occurrence of: 

a) 
 disposition of all net profits interests pursuant to terms of the Trust indenture, 

b) 
 gross proceeds from the underlying properties falling below 1 million per year for two successive years, or

c) 
 a vote of holders of 80 or more of the outstanding Trust units to terminate the Trust in accordance with provisions of
the Trust indenture. 2. Basis of Accounting 
 The financial statements of the Trust are prepared on the following basis and are not intended to present financial position and results of operations in
conformity with U.S. GAAP: 

1. 
 Net profits income is recorded in the month received by the Trustee (Note 3); 

2. 
 Interest income, interest to be received and distribution payable to unitholders include interest to be earned on net
profits income from the monthly record date (last business day of the month) through the date of the next distribution; 

3. 
 Trust expenses are recorded based on liabilities paid and cash reserves established by the Trustee for liabilities and
contingencies; and 

4. 
 Distributions to unitholders are recorded when declared by the Trustee (Note 3). 
 34 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 The most significant differences between the Trust s financial statements and those prepared in
accordance with U.S. GAAP are: 

1. 
 Net profits income is recognized in the month received rather than accrued in the month of production.

2. 
 Expenses are recognized when paid rather than when incurred. 

3. 
 Cash reserves may be established by the Trustee for certain contingencies that would not be recorded under U.S. GAAP.
 This comprehensive basis of accounting corresponds to the accounting permitted for royalty trusts by the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission, as specified by Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 12:E, Financial Statements of Royalty Trusts. Most accounting pronouncements
apply to entities whose financial statements are prepared in accordance with U.S. GAAP, directing such entities to accrue or defer revenues and expenses in a period other than when such revenues were received or expenses were paid. Because the
Trust s financial statements are prepared on the modified cash basis, as described above, most accounting pronouncements are not applicable to the Trust s financial statements. 
 Net profits interests in oil and gas properties The
initial carrying value of the net profits interests of 247,066,951 represents XTO Energy s historical net book value for the interests on December 1, 1998, the date of the transfer to the Trust. During the second quarter 2016, the
carrying value of the NPI was written down to its fair value of 28,801,000, resulting in an impairment of 57,306,527 charged directly to trust corpus. During the third quarter 2019, the carrying value of the NPI was written down to its fair value
of zero, resulting in an impairment of 15,681,533 charged directly to trust corpus. Amortization of the net profits interests is calculated on a unit-of-production 
basis and charged directly to trust corpus. Accumulated amortization was 174,078,891 as of September 30, 2019, when the NPI was written down to its fair value of zero. 
 Liquidity and Going Concern The accompanying
financial statements have been prepared assuming that the Trust will continue as a going concern. Financial statements prepared on a going concern basis assume the realization of assets and the settlement of liabilities in the normal course of
business. Between April 2018 and October 2020, accumulated excess costs for the Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming conveyances resulted in insufficient net proceeds to the Trust versus its current and anticipated expenses and a reduction in the
Trust s expense reserve to zero. Following depletion of the expense reserve, ongoing expenses and accumulated excess costs continued to result in no net proceeds to the Trust through February 2022. These conditions raised substantial doubt
about the Trust s ability to continue as a going concern as the Trust did not have sufficient cash to meet its obligations during the one-year period after the dates that the financial statements were
issued. Factors attributable to the cash shortage were primarily the previously disclosed development costs to drill four horizontal wells in Major County, Oklahoma, lower oil and gas prices during 2019 and 2020, and excess cost positions on the
Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming conveyances which resulted in no unitholder distributions between March 2018 and June 2022. All conveyances have now received enough net profits income to recoup all of the excess costs in those conveyances plus the
accrued interest. The net profits income received was also sufficient to reimburse Simmons Bank for the administrative expenses that it advanced after the expense reserve was depleted in October 2020 and fund the expense reserve. As of the July 2022
distribution announcement, the expense reserve was replenished to 1,000,000. On May 18, 2021, the arbitration panel issued its second interim final award over the 
 35 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
amount of XTO Energy s settlement in the Chieftain class action lawsuit that can be charged to the Trust as a production cost which XTO Energy has estimated to be approximately
 14.6 million net to the Trust after the arbitration panel has determined the remaining claims and issued its final award. This adjustment would likely result in the Oklahoma conveyance returning to an excess cost position for a period of time.
Excess costs on the Oklahoma conveyance would not affect net proceeds to the Trust from the Kansas or Wyoming conveyances. The Trustee has prepared a preliminary budget estimating the administrative expenses for the nine months ending
December 31, 2023 and the three months ending March 31, 2024 which assumes no cash inflow from net profits income. Based on the above assumptions, the Trustee believes that the Trust would be able to meet its financial obligations for the one-year period after the financial statements are issued. During the period of time in which the Trust received
no net profits income, the Trustee reviewed the Trust s alternatives to continuing as a going concern, which included a potential sale of the Trust s assets and/or termination of the Trust. On July 2, 2021, the Trustee announced that
it had entered into a purchase and sale agreement with XTO Energy pursuant to which XTO Energy would acquire for 6,600,000 in cash the net overriding royalty interest created pursuant to the net profits interest conveyances held by the Trust and
certain other assets constituting substantially all of the assets of the Trust. The consummation of the sale of the assets was subject to the
satisfaction of customary closing conditions, including approval of the sale from holders of units of beneficial interest in the Trust Units holding Units representing eighty percent (80 or more of all the Units outstanding, or a
final judicial determination authorizing the Trustee to consummate the sale of the assets. The Trustee held a Special Meeting of unitholders on December 10, 2021 for the purpose of approving the sale of assets. The sale was not approved by
unitholders. Execution of the purchase and sale agreement followed a process previously announced by the Trust whereby the Trustee had engaged a
third party to market the Trust s assets. Effective August 22, 2022, the Trustee and XTO Energy mutually agreed to terminate the purchase
and sale agreement. As a result of the termination, the Trustee refunded the deposit paid by XTO Energy, together with interest. 3. Distributions to Unitholders
 The Trustee determines the amount to be distributed to unitholders each month by totaling net profits income, interest income and other cash
receipts, and subtracting liabilities paid and adjustments in cash reserves established by the Trustee. The resulting amount is distributed to unitholders of record within ten business days after the monthly record date, which is the last business
day of the month. Net profits income received by the Trustee consists of net proceeds received in the prior month by XTO Energy from the underlying
properties, multiplied by 80 . Net proceeds are the gross proceeds received from the sale of production, less costs. Costs generally include applicable taxes, transportation, legal and marketing charges, production expense, development and drilling
costs, and overhead. XTO Energy, as owner of the underlying properties, computes net profits income separately for each of the three conveyances
(one for each of the states of Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming). If costs exceed revenues for any conveyance, such excess costs must be recovered, with accrued interest, from future net proceeds of that conveyance and cannot reduce net profits income
from the other conveyances (Note 4). 
 36 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 4. Excess Costs 
 If monthly costs exceed revenues for any of the three conveyances (one for each of the states of Kansas, Oklahoma and Wyoming), such excess costs must be
recovered, with accrued interest, from future net proceeds of that conveyance and cannot reduce net proceeds from other conveyances. The following
summarizes excess costs activity, cumulative excess costs balance and accrued interest to be recovered by conveyance as calculated by XTO Energy: 

Underlying 

KS 

OK 

WY 

Total 

Cumulative excess costs remaining at 12/31/21 

2,965,031 

12,013,867 

1,238,589 

16,217,487 

Net excess costs (recovery) for the quarter ended 3/31/22 

(372,634) 

(8,110,921) 

(1,238,589) 

(9,722,144) 
 
 Net excess costs (recovery) for the quarter ended 6/30/22 

(2,331,946) 

(3,902,946) 

(6,234,892) 
 
 Net excess costs (recovery) for the quarter ended 9/30/22 

(260,451) 

(260,451) 
 
 Net excess costs (recovery) for the quarter ended 12/31/22 

Cumulative excess costs remaining at 12/31/22 

Accrued interest at 12/31/22 

Total remaining to be recovered at 12/31/22 

NPI 

KS 

OK 

WY 

Total 

Cumulative excess costs remaining at 12/31/21 

2,372,024 

9,611,095 

990,871 

12,973,990 

Net excess costs (recovery) for the quarter ended 3/31/22 

(298,107) 

(6,488,737) 

(990,871) 

(7,777,715) 
 
 Net excess costs (recovery) for the quarter ended 6/30/22 

(1,865,556) 

(3,122,358) 

(4,987,914) 
 
 Net excess costs (recovery) for the quarter ended 9/30/22 

(208,361) 

(208,361) 
 
 Net excess costs (recovery) for the quarter ended 12/31/22 

Cumulative excess costs remaining at 12/31/22 

Accrued interest at 12/31/22 

Total remaining to be recovered at 12/31/22 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, recoveries of excess costs were 2,965,031 2,372,024 net to the Trust) and
recoveries of accrued interest were 501,345 401,076 net to the Trust) on properties underlying the Kansas net profits interests. For the year
ended December 31, 2022, recoveries of excess costs were 12,013,867 9,611,095 net to the Trust) and recoveries of accrued interest were 2,513,028 2,010,422 net to the Trust) on properties underlying the Oklahoma net profits interests.
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, recoveries of excess costs were 1,238,589 990,871 net to the Trust) and recoveries of accrued
interest were 302,557 242,046 net to the Trust) on properties underlying the Wyoming net profits interests. 
 37 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 5. Administration Expense 
 Administrative expenses are incurred so that the Trustee may meet its reporting obligations to the unitholders and regulatory entities and otherwise
manage the administrative functions of the Trust. These obligations include, but are not limited to, all expenses, taxes, compensation to the Trustee for managing the Trust, fees to consultants, accountants, attorneys, transfer agents, other
professional and expert persons, expenses for clerical and other administrative assistance, and fees and expenses for all other services. See Item 11. Executive Compensation , for further information on the remuneration received by the
Trustee. 6. Income Taxes For federal income tax
purposes, the Trust constitutes a fixed investment trust that is taxed as a grantor trust. A grantor trust is not subject to tax at the trust level. Accordingly, no provision for income taxes has been made in the financial statements. The
unitholders are considered to own the Trust s income and principal as though no trust were in existence. The income of the Trust is deemed to have been received or accrued by each unitholder at the time such income is received or accrued by the
Trust and not when distributed by the Trust. Impairments recorded for book purposes will not result in a loss for tax purposes for the unitholders until the loss is recognized. 
 All revenues from the Trust are from sources within Kansas, Oklahoma or Wyoming. Because it distributes all of its net income to unitholders, the Trust
has not been taxed at the trust level in Kansas or Oklahoma. While the Trust has not owed tax, the Trustee is generally required to file Kansas and Oklahoma income tax returns reflecting the income and deductions of the Trust attributable to
properties located in each state, along with a schedule that includes information regarding distributions to unitholders. The Trust did not file a Kansas income tax return for the 2015 through 2021 tax years due to the fact that there were no
revenues, income, or deductions attributable to properties located in Kansas in that time period. Wyoming does not impose a state income tax. 
 The Trust may be required to bear a portion of the legal settlement costs arising from the Chieftain royalty class action settlement.
For information on contingencies, including the Chieftain class action, see Note 8 to Financial Statements. The Panel has determined the Trust is responsible for a portion of the costs. However, the arbitration matter is stayed. Pending
finalization of all claims included in the arbitration, XTO Energy would have the right to deduct the costs in its calculation of the net profits income payable to the Trust from the applicable net profits interests. Thus, for unitholders, the
portion of legal settlement costs for which the Trust is determined to be responsible will be reflected through a reduction in net profits income received from the Trust and thus in a reduction in the gross royalty income reported by and taxable to
the unitholders. In the event that the Trustee objects to such claimed reductions, the Trustee may also incur legal fees in representing the Trust s interests. For unitholders, such costs would be reflected through an increase in the
Trust s administrative expenses, which would be deductible by unitholders in determining the net royalty income from the Trust. If a sale of
the assets of the Trust is consummated, each unitholder generally will realize gain or loss equal to the difference between such unitholder s amount realized on such sale and such unitholder s adjusted basis in the assets of the Trust.
Gain or loss realized by a unitholder who is not a dealer with respect to such assets and who has a holding period for the assets of more than one year generally will be treated as long-term capital gain or loss except to the extent of any depletion
recapture amount, which will be treated as ordinary income. Unitholders should consult their own tax advisor regarding income tax requirements, if
any, applicable to such person s ownership of Trust units. 
 38 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 7. Related Party Transactions 
 XTO Energy operates approximately 95 of the underlying properties. In computing net proceeds, XTO Energy deducts an overhead charge for reimbursement of
administrative expenses on the underlying properties it operates. As of December 31, 2022, the monthly overhead charge, based on the number of operated wells, was approximately 998,000 798,400 net to the Trust) and is subject to annual
adjustment based on an oil and gas industry index as defined in the Trust Indenture. Certain of XTO Energy s wholly-owned subsidiaries
purchase natural gas and provide services for the properties operated by XTO Energy. In the Hugoton area, Timberland provides gathering from the wellhead to DCP s gathering system for approximately 0.75 per Mcf and an ExxonMobil affiliate
purchases NGLs for a price based upon third party sales. A portion of the gas production in Major County, Oklahoma is sold to Ringwood Gathering Company RGC for a price based upon third party sales. RGC retains approximately 0.31 per
Mcf as a compression and gathering fee. Total gas sales from the underlying properties to XTO Energy s wholly-owned subsidiaries were
 6.1 million for 2022, or 9 percent of total gas sales, 2.8 million for 2021, or 7 percent of total gas sales. On
June 25, 2010, XTO Energy became a wholly-owned subsidiary of Exxon Mobil Corporation. The calculation of net profits income for 2021 included
 96,949 77,559 net to the Trust) from XTO Energy due to interest received on past due payments. 8. Contingencies 
 Litigation Royalty Class Action and Arbitration 
 As previously disclosed, XTO Energy advised the Trustee that it reached a settlement with the plaintiffs in the Chieftain class action royalty
case. On July 27, 2018, the final plan of allocation was approved by the court. Based on the final plan of allocation, XTO Energy advised the Trustee that it believes approximately 24.3 million in additional production costs
should be allocated to the Trust. On May 2, 2018, the Trustee submitted a demand for arbitration seeking a declaratory judgment that the Chieftain settlement is not a production cost and that XTO Energy is prohibited from charging
the settlement as a production cost under the conveyance or otherwise reducing the Trust s payments now or in the future as a result of the Chieftain litigation. The Trust and XTO Energy conducted the interim hearing on the claims
related to the Chieftain settlement on October 12-13, 2020. In the arbitration, the Trustee contended that the approximately 24.3 million allocation related to the Chieftain
 settlement was not a production cost and, therefore, there should not be a related adjustment to the Trust s share of net proceeds. However, XTO Energy contended that the approximately 24.3 million was a production cost and should
reduce the Trust s share of net proceeds. 
 39 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 On January 20, 2021, the arbitration panel issued its Corrected Interim Final Award (i)
 reject[ing] the Trust s contention that XTO has no right under the Conveyance to charge the Trust with amounts XTO paid under section 1.18(a)(i) as royalty obligations to settle the Chieftain litigation and (ii) stating
 [t]he next phase will determine how much of the Chieftain settlement can be so charged, if any of it can be, in the exercise of the right found by the Panel. Following briefing by both parties, on May 18, 2021, the Panel
issued its second interim final award over the amount of XTO Energy s settlement in the Chieftain class action lawsuit that can be charged to the Trust as a production cost. The Panel in its decision has ruled that out of the
 80 million settlement, the Trust is obligated to pay its share under the Conveyance of the 48 million that was received by the plaintiffs in the Chieftain lawsuit by virtue of the settlement of that litigation. The Trust is
not obligated by the Conveyance to pay any share of the 32 million received by the lawyers for the plaintiffs in the Chieftain lawsuit by virtue of the settlement. XTO Energy and the Trustee are in the process of determining the
portion of the 48 million that is allocable to Trust properties to be charged as an excess cost to the Trust, but estimate it to be approximately 14.6 million net to the Trust. 
 The reduction in the Trust s share of net proceeds from the portion of the settlement amount the Panel has ruled may be charged against the
Oklahoma conveyance would result in excess costs under the Oklahoma conveyance that would likely result in no distributions under the Oklahoma conveyance while these excess costs are recovered. This award completes the portion of the arbitration
related to the Chieftain settlement. Excess costs on any individual conveyance would not affect net proceeds to the Trust on any of the other remaining conveyances. 
 Other Trustee claims related to disputed amounts on the computation of the Trust s net proceeds for 2014 through 2019 and 2021 were bifurcated from
the initial arbitration. Pursuant to the purchase and sale agreement entered into between the Trustee and XTO Energy, the parties had agreed to stay the arbitration from the date of execution of the purchase and sale agreement to the earlier of the
termination of the purchase and sale agreement or closing date of the sale of assets. Effective August 22, 2022, the Trustee and XTO Energy mutually agreed to terminate the purchase and sale agreement. As a result of the termination, the stay
of these arbitration proceedings between XTO Energy and the Trustee with respect to the Trust was lifted, and the arbitration proceedings recommenced. The proceedings have been abated pending a determination as to whether Argent Trust Company will
become the successor trustee. Other Lawsuits and Governmental Proceedings 
 Certain of the underlying properties are involved in various other lawsuits and governmental proceedings arising in the ordinary course of business. XTO
Energy has advised the Trustee that, based on the information available at this stage of the various proceedings, it does not believe that the ultimate resolution of these claims will have a material effect on the financial position or liquidity of
the Trust, but may have an effect on annual distributable income. Other 
 Several states have enacted legislation requiring state income tax withholding from payments made to nonresident recipients of oil and gas proceeds.
After consultation with its tax counsel, the Trustee believes that it is not required to withhold on payments made to the unitholders. However, regulations are subject to change by the various states, which could change this conclusion. Should
amounts be withheld on payments made to the Trust or the unitholders, distributions to the unitholders would be reduced by the required amount, subject to the filing of a claim for refund by the Trust or unitholders for such amount. 
 40 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 9. Supplemental Oil and Gas Reserve Information (Unaudited) 
 Oil and Natural Gas Reserves Proved oil and gas reserves have
been estimated by independent petroleum engineers. Proved reserves are those quantities of oil and natural gas, which, by analysis of geoscience and engineering data can be estimated with reasonable certainty to be economically producible from a
given date forward, from known reservoirs and under existing economic conditions, operating methods, and government regulation before the time at which contracts providing the right to operate expire, unless evidence indicates that renewal is
reasonably certain. Proved developed reserves are the quantities expected to be recovered through existing wells with existing equipment and operating methods in which the cost of the required equipment is relatively minor compared with the cost of
a new well. Due to the inherent uncertainties and the limited nature of reservoir data, such estimates are subject to change as additional information becomes available. The reserves actually recovered and the timing of production of these reserves
may be substantially different from the original estimate. Revisions result primarily from new information obtained from development drilling and production history and from changes in economic factors. 
 Standardized Measure The standardized measure of discounted
future net cash flows and changes in such cash flows are prepared using assumptions required by the Financial Accounting Standards Board. Such assumptions include the use of 12-month average prices for oil and
gas, based on the first-day-of-the-month price for each month in the period, and year end
costs for estimated future development and production expenditures to produce the proved reserves, including recovery of cumulative excess costs remaining at year end. Future net cash flows are discounted at an annual rate of 10 . No provision is
included for federal income taxes since future net cash flows are not subject to taxation at the trust level. The standardized measure does not
represent XTO Energy s or the Trustee s estimate of future cash flows or the value of proved oil and gas reserves. Probable and possible reserves, which may become proved in the future, are excluded from the calculations. Furthermore,
prices used to determine the standardized measure are influenced by supply and demand as affected by recent economic conditions as well as other factors and may not be the most representative in estimating future revenues or reserve data. 
 Estimated costs to plug and abandon wells on the underlying working interest properties at the end of their productive lives have not been deducted from
cash flows since this is not a legal obligation of the Trust. These costs are the legal obligation of XTO Energy as the owner of the underlying working interests and will only be deducted from net proceeds payable to the Trust if net proceeds from
the related conveyance exceed such costs when paid, subject to excess cost carryforward provisions (Notes 3 and 4). The average realized gas prices
used to determine the standardized measure were 5.75 per Mcf in 2022, and 3.61 per Mcf in 2021. Oil prices used to determine the standardized measure were based on average realized oil prices of 93.46 per Bbl in 2022, and 64.60 per Bbl in 2021.
 Reserve quantities and revenues for the net profits interests were estimated from projections of reserves and revenues attributable to the
underlying properties. Since the Trust has defined net profits interests, the Trust 
 41 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 
does not own a specific percentage of the oil and gas reserves. Oil and gas reserves are allocated to the net profits interests by dividing Trust net cash inflows by 12-month average oil and gas prices. Any fluctuations in 12-month average prices or estimated costs will result in revisions to the estimated reserve quantities allocated to
the net profits interests, which may not correlate with revisions of underlying proved reserves. Proved Reserves 

Underlying Properties 

Net Profits Interests 

(in thousands) 
 
 Gas (Mcf) 

Oil (Bbls) 

Gas (Mcf) 

Oil (Bbls) 

Balance, December 31, 2020 

51,606 

1,087 

Extensions, additions and discoveries 

818 

78 

363 

35 

Revisions of prior estimates 

78,244 

529 

23,198 

299 

Production sales volumes 

(10,193) 

(233) 

Sales in place 

Balance, December 31, 2021 

120,475 

1,461 

23,561 

334 

Extensions, additions and discoveries 

186 

83 

90 

40 

Revisions of prior estimates 

18,958 

378 

23,536 

307 

Production sales volumes 

(9,772) 

(246) 

(2,441) 

(49) 
 
 Sales in place 

Balance, December 31, 2022 

129,847 

1,676 

44,746 

632 

Revisions of prior estimates of the proved gas reserves for the underlying properties in each year are primarily because
of changes in the gas and oil prices. Revisions for the net profits interests may not correlate with underlying properties in any given year since the Trust s allocated reserves reflect recovery of the Trust s portion of production and
development costs at 12-month average prices. Any conveyance where costs exceed revenues will result in zero allocated net profits interests reserves for that conveyance. 
 Proved Developed Reserves 

Underlying Properties 

Net Profits Interests 

(in thousands) 
 
 Gas (Mcf) 

Oil (Bbls) 

Gas (Mcf) 

Oil (Bbls) 

December 31, 2021 

120,475 

1,461 

23,561 

334 

December 31, 2022 

129,847 

1,676 

44,746 

632 

42 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows from Proved Reserves 

December 31 

(in thousands) 
 
 2022 

2021 

Underlying Properties 

Future cash inflows 

903,302 

529,515 

Future costs: 

Production 

545,894 

407,471 

Development 

Future net cash flows 

357,408 

122,044 

10 discount factor 

162,851 

52,440 

Standardized measure 

194,557 

69,604 

Net Profits Interests 

Future cash inflows 

313,533 

106,297 

Future production taxes 

27,606 

8,662 

Future net cash flows 

285,927 

97,635 

10 discount factor 

130,281 

41,952 

Standardized measure 

155,646 

55,683 

Changes in Standardized Measure of Discounted Future Net Cash Flows from Proved Reserves 

(in thousands) 

2022 

2021 

Underlying Properties 

Standardized measure, January 1 

69,604 

Revisions: 

Prices and costs 

126,066 

35,217 

Quantity estimates 

16,068 

34,789 

Accretion of discount 

6,758 

Future development costs 

(2,390) 

(2,895) 
 
 Production rates and other 

(80) 

(128) 

Net revisions 

146,422 

66,983 

Extensions, additions and discoveries 

2,962 

2,621 

Production 

(26,821) 

(2,967) 
 
 Development costs 

2,390 

2,967 

Sales in place 

Net change 

124,953 

69,604 

Standardized measure, December 31 

194,557 

69,604 

Net Profits Interests 

Standardized measure, January 1 

55,683 

Extensions, additions and discoveries 

2,369 

2,096 

Accretion of discount 

5,406 

Revisions of prior estimates, changes in price and other 

111,732 

53,587 

Sales in place 

Net profits income 

(19,544) 

Standardized measure, December 31 

155,646 

55,683 

43 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 10. Quarterly Financial Data (Unaudited) 
 The following is a summary of net profits income, distributable income and distributable income per unit by quarter for 2022 and 2021: 

Net Profits Income 

Distributable Income 

Distributable Income per Unit 

2022 

First Quarter 

347,410 

0.000000 

Second Quarter 

1,856,317 

0.000000 

Third Quarter 

9,440,853 

8,964,359 

0.224109 

Fourth Quarter 

7,899,818 

7,620,680 

0.190517 

19,544,398 

16,585,039 

0.414626 

2021 

First Quarter 

0.000000 

Second Quarter 

0.000000 

Third Quarter 

0.000000 

Fourth Quarter 

0.000000 

0.000000 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES Conclusion Regarding the Effectiveness of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Trustee conducted an evaluation of the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures, as such term is defined under Rule 13a-15(e) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. Based on this evaluation, the Trustee has concluded that the Trust s disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of the end
of the period covered by this annual report. In its evaluation of disclosure controls and procedures, the Trustee has relied, to the extent considered reasonable, on information provided by XTO Energy. 
 Trustee s Report on Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 The Trustee is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting, as such term is defined in Rule 13a-15(f) promulgated under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The Trustee conducted an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Trust s internal control over financial reporting based on the
criteria established in Internal Control Integrated Framework (2013) issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission. Based on the Trustee s evaluation under the framework in Internal
Control Integrated Framework (2013) , the Trustee concluded that the Trust s internal control over financial reporting was effective as of December 31, 2022. 
 Changes in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 There were no changes in the Trust s internal control over financial reporting during the quarter ended December 31, 2022 that have materially
affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, the Trust s internal control over financial reporting. 
 44 

Table of Contents 

Hugoton Royalty Trust 
 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS (Continued) 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 None. ITEM 9C. 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS Not applicable. 
 PART III ITEM 10. 
 DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE (a) Directors, Officers and Committees. The Trust has no directors,
executive officers, audit committee, audit committee financial expert, compensation committee or nominating committee. The Trustee is a corporate Trustee which may be removed, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a
majority of all the units then outstanding. (b) Section 16(a) Beneficial Ownership Reporting Compliance. 
Section 16(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 requires that directors, officers, and beneficial owners of more than 10 of the registrant s equity securities file initial reports of beneficial ownership and reports of changes in
beneficial ownership with the Securities and Exchange Commission and the New York Stock Exchange. To the Trustee s knowledge, based solely on the information furnished to the Trustee, the Trustee is unaware of any person that failed to file on
a timely basis reports required by Section 16(a) filing requirements with respect to the Trust units of beneficial interest during and for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 (c) Code of Ethics. Because the Trust has no employees, it does not have a code of ethics. Employees of the Trustee, Simmons Bank, must comply
with the bank s code of ethics which may be found at ir.simmonsbank.com/governance-docs. ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE
COMPENSATION (a) Compensation Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation/Compensation Committee Report. The Trust has no officers
or directors and is administered by a trustee. The Trust does not have a compensation committee or maintain any equity compensation plans and there are no units reserved for issuance under any such plans. 
 (b) Compensation of the Trustee. The Trustee calculated the following annual compensation for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2022 and
2021 as specified in the Trust indenture: 

2022 

2021 

Simmons Bank, Trustee (1) 

76,909 

78,255 

(1) 
 Under the Trust indenture, the trustee is entitled to an annual administrative fee, paid in equal monthly installments.
Such fee can be adjusted annually based on an oil and gas industry index. Upon termination of the Trust, the trustee is entitled to a termination fee of 15,000. 
 (c) Pay Ratio Disclosure . The Trust does not have a principal executive officer or employees and
therefore, the pay ratio disclosure is not applicable. 
 45 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 12. 
 SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED UNITHOLDER MATTERS 
 (a) Equity Compensation Plans and Trust Repurchases. The Trust has no equity compensation plans. The Trust has not
repurchased any units during the fourth quarter of fiscal 2022. (b) Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners. Based on the
Trustee s review of information filed with the SEC as of March 13, 2023, the following table sets forth information with respect to each person known to the Trustee to beneficially own more than 5 of the outstanding units. 

Name and Address 
 
 Amount and Nature of Beneficial Ownership 

Percent of Class 

Christopher John Heck 
 2100 E. 377, Unit B 
 Granbury, TX 76049 

6,250,785 
 (1) 

15.63 

(1) 
 Pursuant to a Schedule 13G filed January 13, 2023, Christopher John Heck reported as of December 31, 2022, he
beneficially owned 6,250,785 Units, of which he had sole voting and dispositive power with respect to 6,244,950 Units and shared voting and dispositive power with respect to 5,835 Units. 
 (c) Security Ownership of Management. The Trust has no directors or executive officers. The Trustee does
not beneficially own any units in the Trust. (d) Changes in Control. The Trustee knows of no arrangements which may subsequently result in a
change in control of the Trust. ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR
INDEPENDENCE XTO Energy sells a portion of natural gas production from the underlying properties to certain of its wholly-owned subsidiaries
under contracts in existence when the Trust was created, generally at amounts approximating monthly published prices. For further information, see Item 2. Properties . 
 In computing net profits income paid to the Trust for the net profits interests, XTO Energy deducts an overhead charge for reimbursement of
administrative expenses of operating the underlying properties. For further information, see Note 7 to Financial Statements under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data . 
 As of March 10, 2023, XTO Energy did not own any units. 
 See Item 11. Executive Compensation , for the remuneration received by the Trustee for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2021 through
December 31, 2022. As noted in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance , the Trust has no directors, executive
officers, audit committee, audit committee financial expert, compensation committee or nominating committee. The Trustee is a corporate trustee which may be removed, with or without cause, by the affirmative vote of the holders of a majority of all
the units then outstanding. 
 46 

Table of Contents 

ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 Fees for services performed by PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 are: 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees-PwC 

209,000 

190,200 

Audit-related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

209,000 

190,200 

As referenced in Item 10. Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance , above, the Trust has no audit
committee, and as a result, has no audit committee pre-approval policy with respect to fees paid to PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP. 
 47 

Table of Contents 

PART IV 
 ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES (a) The following documents are filed as a part of this report: 
 1. Financial Statements (included in Item 8 of this report) 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 Statements of Assets, Liabilities and Trust Corpus at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Distributable Income for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Statements of Changes in Trust Corpus for the years ended December 31, 2022 and 2021 
 Notes to Financial Statements 

2. 
 Financial Statement Schedules 
 Financial statement schedules are omitted because of the absence of conditions under which they are required or because the required information is given
in the financial statements or notes thereto. 

3. 
 Exhibits 

(4) (a) 
 
 Hugoton Royalty Trust Indenture by and between NationsBank, N.A., as Trustee, and Cross Timbers Oil Company (predecessor of XTO Energy) heretofore filed as
 Exhibit 4.1 to the Trust s Registration Statement No. 333-68441 on Form S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on December 4, 1998, is
incorporated herein by reference. 

(b) 
 
 Net Overriding Royalty Conveyance (Hugoton Royalty Trust, 80 - Kansas) as amended and restated from Cross Timbers Oil Company (predecessor of XTO Energy)
 to NationsBank, N.A., as Trustee, dated December 1, 1998, heretofore filed as Exhibit 10.1.1 to the Trust s Registration Statement No. 333-68441 on Form
 S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 1999, is incorporated herein by reference. 

(c) 
 
 Net Overriding Royalty Conveyance (Hugoton Royalty Trust, 80 - Oklahoma) as amended and restated from Cross Timbers Oil Company (predecessor of XTO Energy)
 to NationsBank, N.A., as Trustee, dated December 1, 1998, heretofore filed as Exhibit 10.2.1 to the Trust s Registration Statement No. 333-68441 on Form
 S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 1999, is incorporated herein by reference. 

(d) 
 
 Net Overriding Royalty Conveyance (Hugoton Royalty Trust, 80 - Wyoming) as amended and restated from Cross Timbers Oil Company (predecessor of XTO Energy)
 to NationsBank, N.A., as Trustee, dated December 1, 1998, heretofore filed as Exhibit 10.3.1 to the Trust s Registration Statement No. 333-68441 on Form
 S-1 filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on March 16, 1999, is incorporated herein by reference. 

(23) 

Consent of Miller and Lents, Ltd. 

(31) 

Rule 13a-14(a)/15d-14(a) Certification 

(32) 

Section 1350 Certification 

(99.1) 

Miller and Lents, Ltd. Report 
 Copies of the above Exhibits are available to any unitholder, at the actual cost of reproduction, upon written request to
the Argent Trust Company as agent for the Trustee, 2911 Turtle Creek Blvd, Suite 850, Dallas, Texas 75219. 
 48 

Table of Contents 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this Report to be signed
on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

HUGOTON ROYALTY TRUST 

By SIMMONS BANK, TRUSTEE 

By 
 
 /s/ TOD MILLER 

Tod Miller 

Regional President Trust Division 

EXXON MOBIL CORPORATION 

Date: March 30, 2023 

By 
 
 /s/ DAVID LEVY 

David Levy 

Vice President Upstream Business Services 
 (The Trust has no directors or executive officers.) 
 49 

<EX-23>
 2
 d770334dex23.htm
 EX-23

EX-23 

EXHIBIT 23 
 February 20, 2023 Tracie White 
 XTO Energy Inc. 22777 Springwoods Village Parkway 
 Spring, Texas 77389-1425 

Re: 
 
 HGT Consent Letter 
 Dear Tracie White: This letter is to confirm that
Miller and Lents, Ltd. (M L) authorizes XTO Energy Inc. (XTO) to use our name and report dated January 17, 2023, related to the Hugoton Royalty Trust (HGT) for use in the electronic filing of the HGT Annual Report on Form 10-K with the SEC. Please provide us with an exact copy of the Annual Report on form 10-K 
as electronically filed with the SEC. 

Very truly yours, 

MILLER AND LENTS, LTD. 
 
 Texas Registered Engineering Firm No. F-1442 

By 
 
 /S/ JENNIFER A. GODBOLD 

Jennifer A. Godbold, P. E. 

Senior Vice President 

</EX-23>

<EX-31>
 3
 d770334dex31.htm
 EX-31

EX-31 

EXHIBIT 31 
 CERTIFICATIONS I, Tod Miller, certify that: 

1. 
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of Hugoton Royalty Trust, for
which Simmons Bank acts as Trustee; 

2. 
 Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material
fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report; 

3. 
 Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present
in all material respects the financial condition, distributable income and changes in trust corpus of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. 
 I am responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)), for the registrant and I have: 

(a) 
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under
my supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to me by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared;

(b) 
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be
designed under my supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes; 

(c) 
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report my
conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

(d) 
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred
during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
over financial reporting; and 

5. 
 I have disclosed, based on my most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the
registrant s auditors: 

(a) 
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial
reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

(b) 
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the
registrant s internal control over financial reporting. In giving the certifications in paragraphs 4 and 5 above, I have relied to the
extent I consider reasonable on information provided to me by XTO Energy Inc. 

Date: March 30, 2023 

By 
 
 /S/ TOD MILLER 

Tod Miller 

Regional President Trust Division 

Simmons Bank 

</EX-31>

<EX-32>
 4
 d770334dex32.htm
 EX-32

EX-32 

EXHIBIT 32 
 Certification pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, 
 as adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 In connection with the Annual Report of Hugoton Royalty Trust (the Trust on Form 10-K for the year ended
December 31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), the undersigned, not in its individual capacity but solely as the Trustee of the Trust, certifies pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as
adopted pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, that to its knowledge: (1) The Report fully complies with the requirements
of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended; and (2) The information contained in the Report fairly presents,
in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Trust. 

Simmons Bank, Trustee for Hugoton Royalty
Trust 

March 30, 2023 

By 
 
 /S/ TOD MILLER 

Tod Miller 

Regional President Trust Division 

</EX-32>

<EX-99.1>
 5
 d770334dex991.htm
 EX-99.1

EX-99.1 

EXHIBIT 99.1 
 January 17, 2023 Ms. Kameron Fivecoat 
 Reserves Manager XTO Energy Inc. 
 22777 Springwoods Village Parkway Spring, TX 77389 

Re: 
 
 Underlying Properties (100 

Relating to the Hugoton Royalty Trust 

Reserves and Future Net Revenues 

As of December 31, 2022 

SEC Price Case 
 Dear Ms. Fivecoat: At your request, Miller
and Lents, Ltd. (M L) estimated the proved reserves and future net revenues as of December 31, 2022, attributable to the XTO Energy Inc. (XTO) interest in certain oil and gas properties prior to inclusion in the Hugoton Royalty Trust, i.e.,
Underlying Properties (100 ). The Underlying Properties (100 include working interest properties from which net profits interests were conveyed to the Hugoton Royalty Trust. The properties consist of approximately 1,349 leases and 1,466 wells
located primarily in Kansas, Oklahoma, and Wyoming. The aggregate results of M L s evaluations are as follows: 

Net Reserves 

Future Net Revenues 

Reserves Category 
 
 Oil and Condensate MBBL 

Gas MMCF 

Undiscounted M 

Discounted at 10 Per Year M 

Kansas 

Proved Developed Producing 

105 

10,657 

32,815 

16,953 

Total Proved 

105 

10,657 

32,815 

16,953 

Oklahoma 

Proved Developed Producing 

1,523 

80,282 

353,911 

181,861 

Total Proved 

1,523 

80,282 

353,911 

181,861 

Wyoming 

Proved Developed Producing 

47 

38,909 

119,891 

66,215 

Total Proved 

47 

38,909 

119,891 

66,215 

Total Underlying Properties (100 

Proved Developed Producing 

1,676 

129,847 

506,616 

265,029 

Total Proved 

1,676 

129,847 

506,616 

265,029 

Oil and condensate volumes are expressed in thousand barrels (MBBL). Gas volumes are expressed in million cubic feet (MMCF). Future net
revenues are expressed in thousand dollars (M ). The report was prepared for the use of XTO in its financial and reserves reporting and was completed on
January 17, 2023. M L performed evaluations, which are designated as the SEC Price Case, using price and expense premises specified by XTO and described in detail on Appendix 1. 
 Proved reserves and future net revenues were estimated in accordance with the provisions contained in Securities and Exchange Commission Regulation S-X, Rule 4-10(a). The Securities and Exchange Commission definition of proved reserves is shown on Appendix 2 (not included). Gas volumes for each property are stated at

Underlying Properties (100 
 Relating to the Hugoton Royalty Trust January 17,
2023 
 
the pressure and temperature bases appropriate for the sales contract or state regulatory authority; therefore, some of the aggregated totals may be stated at a mixed pressure base. No provisions
for the possible consequences, if any, of product sales imbalances were included in M L s projections since M L received no relevant data. Estimates of future net revenues and discounted future net revenues are not intended and should
not be interpreted to represent fair market values for the estimated reserves. In M L s projections, future costs of abandoning facilities and wells were assumed to be offset by salvage values. Estimated costs, if any, for restoration of
producing properties to satisfy environmental standards are beyond the scope of this assignment. Following Appendix 2 (not included) is a list of exhibits that
include annual projections of future production and net revenues for each state and reserves category. Also included in the exhibits are one-line summaries for the total royalty trust and for each state
showing the proved reserves and future net revenues for the individual properties. These exhibits should not be relied upon independently of this narrative. The
proved developed producing reserves and production forecasts were estimated by production decline extrapolations, water-oil ratio trends, P/Z declines, or in a few cases, by volumetric calculations. For some
properties with insufficient performance history to establish trends, M L estimated future production by analogy with other properties with similar characteristics. The past performance trends of many properties were influenced by production
curtailments, workovers, waterfloods, and/or infill drilling. Actual future production may require that M L s estimated trends be significantly altered. Reserves estimates from volumetric calculations and from analogies are often less
certain than reserves estimates based on well performance obtained over a period during which a substantial portion of the reserves was produced. The estimated
proved developed nonproducing reserves can be produced from existing well bores but require capital costs for recompletions or for pipeline connections. These proved developed nonproducing reserves estimates were based on analogies with other wells
that commercially produce from the same formation in the same field. The timing of initial production was provided to M L by XTO. When actual production history is available for these nonproducing reserves, M L s reserves estimates may
be significantly revised. The estimated proved undeveloped reserves require significant capital expenditures, such as for planned drilling and completion costs.
The proved undeveloped reserves estimates for infill wells are based on analogies to similar infill wells in the same field and/or the production histories of offset wells in the same field. As actual results of the planned drilling become
available, M L s reserves estimates may be significantly revised. The data employed in M L s estimations of proved reserves and future net
revenues were provided by XTO. The current expenses for each lease were obtained from operating statements provided by XTO except for certain leases where XTO deducted items considered by XTO to be nonrecurring expenditures. No overhead was included
for those properties operated by XTO. For some properties, such as large waterfloods, XTO assumed a decline in operating costs due to depleting production that was derived by forecasting a decrease in the property well count. For some gas
properties, XTO assumed operating costs would be split between a variable component and a fixed component. The variable component was a constant cost per thousand cubic feet of gas production and the fixed component was a constant cost per well
completion. The data provided to M L by XTO, including, but not limited to, graphical representations and tabulations of past production performance, well tests and pressures, ownership interests, prices, capital expenditures, and operating
costs were accepted as represented and were considered appropriate for the purpose of this report. M L employed all methods, data, procedures, and assumptions considered necessary and appropriate in utilizing the data provided to prepare this
report. The evaluations presented in this report, with the exceptions of those parameters specified by others, reflect M L s informed judgments and are
subject to the inherent uncertainties associated with interpretation of geological, geophysical, and engineering information. These uncertainties include, but are not limited to, (1) the 

Underlying Properties (100 
 Relating to the Hugoton Royalty Trust January 17,
2023 
 
utilization of analogous or indirect data and (2) the application of professional judgments. Government policies and market conditions different from those employed in this study may cause
(1) the total quantity of oil, natural gas liquids, or gas to be recovered, (2) actual production rates, (3) prices received, or (4) operating and capital costs to vary from those presented in this report. At this time, M L
is not aware of any regulations that would affect XTO s ability to recover the estimated reserves. Miller and Lents, Ltd. is an independent oil and gas
consulting firm. No director, officer, or key employee of Miller and Lents, Ltd. has any financial ownership in XTO Energy Inc. or any related company. M L s compensation for the required investigations and preparation of this report is not
contingent on the results obtained and reported, and it has not performed other work that would affect M L s objectivity. Production of this report was supervised by Jennifer A. Godbold, P.E., an officer of the firm who is a licensed
Professional Engineer in the State of Texas and is professionally qualified, with more than ten years of relevant experience, in the estimation, assessment, and evaluation of oil and gas reserves. 
 M L s work papers and data are in its files and available for review upon request. If you have any questions regarding the above, or if M L can be of
further assistance, please call. 

Very truly yours, 

MILLER AND LENTS, LTD. Texas Registered Engineering
Firm No. F-1442 

By 
 
 /S/ JENNIFER A. GODBOLD 

Jennifer A. Godbold, P. E. 

Senior Vice President 

Appendix 1 
 Hugoton Royalty Trust (100 SEC PRICE CASE 

A. 
 
 Oil Price 
 
 Average price during the 12-month period prior to 12/31/22 determined as the arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month during the year 2022. The average price was based on the West Texas Intermediate benchmark price. The arithmetic
average of the first-day-of-the-month benchmark prices is 93.67 per barrel and is held
constant through the life of the property. The average realized price, after appropriate adjustments, is 93.46 per barrel. 

B. 
 
 Gas Price 
 
 Average price during the 12-month period prior to 12/31/22 determined as the arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month price for each month during the year 2022. The average price was based on the Henry Hub benchmark price. The arithmetic average of the first-day-of-the-month benchmark price is 6.357 per MMBTU and is held constant through the
life of the property. The average realized price, after appropriate adjustments is 5.75 per MCF. 

C. 
 
 Operating Costs 
 
 Current expenses held constant through the life of the property. For some properties, expenses included a variable component that was a constant cost per unit of gas production and a fixed component that was a constant cost per well
completion. 

D. 
 
 Discount Rate 
 
 10 per year. 

</EX-99.1>

