<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230303_10-K_edgar_data_1458412_0001562762-23-000082.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>24605837</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>492591</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>3729833</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>9372554</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>5601203</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>4680788</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>14</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001562762-23-000082.hdr.sgml : 20230303
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230303144758
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001562762-23-000082
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		225
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230303
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230303

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES, INC.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001458412
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	STATE COMMERCIAL BANKS [6022]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			KS
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-39028
		FILM NUMBER:		23703243

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11440 TOMAHAWK CREEK PARKWAY
		CITY:			LEAWOOD
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66211
		BUSINESS PHONE:		913-754-9704

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		11440 TOMAHAWK CREEK PARKWAY
		CITY:			LEAWOOD
		STATE:			KS
		ZIP:			66211

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CROSSFIRST HOLDINGS LLC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20090311

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001562762-23-000082.txt : 20230303

10-K
 1
 cfb10k2022.htm
 FORM-10K

cfb10k2022 

UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

 For the fiscal year ended 

or 
 
 TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the transition period from 
_______ 
to _______ 

 Commission file number 

(Exact Name of Registrant as Specified in its Charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization)
 (I.R.S. Employer Identification No.)

(Address of principal executive offices)
 (Zip Code)
 ) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including area code) 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

 Title of each class 
 Trading Symbol 
 Name of each exchange on which registered 

The 
 Nasdaq
 
Stock Market LLC 
 Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned 
issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. 
Yes 

No 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant 
to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required 
to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act 
 of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was 
required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject 
 to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. 
Yes 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically 
every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 
 405 of Regulation S-T (Section 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or 
for such shorter period that the registrant was 
 required to submit such files). 
Yes 

No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an 
accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting 
 company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of 
 large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, 
and 
 emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 Large accelerated filer 

Non-accelerated filer 
 
 Smaller reporting company 
 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not 
to use the extended transition period for complying with 
 any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant 
to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and 
attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its 
 internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes 
-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting 
 firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicated by check mark whether the financial statements 
of the registrant 
 included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previously issued financial 
statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements 
that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation 
 received by any of the registrant s executive officer during the relevant recovery 
period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined 
in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 

No 
 
 As of June 30, 2022, the aggregate market value of voting stock held by nonaffiliates 
of the Registrant was 

(based on the June 30, 
 2022, closing price of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. Common Shares of 13.20 
as reported on the NASDAQ Global Select Market). 
 As of February 23, 2023, the registrant had 

shares of common stock, par value 0.01, outstanding. 
 DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE: 

Table of Contents 
 2 
 CAUTIONARY NOTE 
ABOUT FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 
 Statements made in this report, the annual report to shareholders of which this report 
is made a part, other reports and proxy 
 statements filed with the SEC, communications to shareholders, press releases and 
oral statements made by representatives of the Company 
 that are not historical in nature, or that state the Company's or management's intentions, 
hopes, beliefs, expectations, plans, goals or 
 predictions of future events or performance, may constitute "forward 
-looking statements" within the meaning of Private Securities Litigation 
 Reform Act of 1995. These statements are often, but not always, made through the use of words or phrases such as may, might, should, 
 could, predict, potential, believe, expect, continue, will, 
 anticipate, seek, estimate, intend, plan, strive, 
 projection, goal, target, aim, would, annualized and 
 outlook, or the negative version of those words or other comparable 
 words or phrases of a future or forward-looking nature. These forward-looking 
statements are not historical facts, and are based on current 
 expectations, estimates and projections about our industry, management s 
beliefs and certain assumptions made by management, many of 
 which, by their nature, are inherently uncertain and beyond our control. Accordingly, we caution that any such forward-looking 
statements 
 are not guarantees of future performance and are subject to risks, assumptions, 
estimates, and uncertainties that are difficult to predict. 
 Although we believe that the expectations reflected in these forward-looking 
statements are reasonable as of the date made, actual results 
 may prove to be materially different from the results expressed or 
implied by the forward-looking statements. 
 There are or will be important factors that could cause our actual results to differ 
materially from those indicated in these forward-
 looking statements, including, but not limited to, the following: 
 our ability to effectively execute our expansion strategy and manage our 
growth, including identifying and consummating suitable 
 mergers and acquisitions and integrating merged and acquired companies; 
 uncertain or unfavorable general economic or market conditions, including 
possible slowing or recessionary economic conditions 
 and continuing or increasing inflation, and other conditions affecting our market 
areas in Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, 
 Arizona, Colorado and New Mexico, including a decrease in or the volatility 
of oil and gas prices or agricultural commodity 
 prices within the region; 
 changes in the anticipated rate hikes by the Federal Open Market Committee; 
 fluctuations in interest rates and the fair value of our investment securities, 
which could have an adverse effect on our profitability; 
 the geographic concentration of our markets in Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, Arizona, Colorado and New Mexico; 
 concentrations of loans secured by real estate and energy located in 
our market areas; 
 risks associated with our commercial loan portfolio, including the risk for 
deterioration in value of the general business assets that 
 secure such loans; 
 borrower and depositor concentration risks; 
 risks associated with the continued outbreak of COVID-19 and 
its variants; 
 our ability to maintain our reputation; 
 our ability to successfully manage our credit risk and the sufficiency of our allowance; 
 reinvestment risks associated with a significant portion of our loan portfolio 
maturing in one year or less; 
 our ability to attract, hire and retain qualified management personnel; 
 our dependence on our management team, including our ability to retain executive 
officers and key employees and their client and 
 community relationships; 
 competition from banks, credit unions and other financial services providers; 
 our ability to maintain sufficient liquidity and capital; 
 system failures, service denials, cyber-attacks and security breaches; 
 our ability to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting; 
 employee error, fraudulent activity by employees or clients and inaccurate or incomplete 
information about our clients and 
 counterparties; 
 increased capital requirements imposed by banking regulators, 
which may require us to raise capital at a time when capital is not 
 available on favorable terms or at all; 
 costs and effects of litigation, investigations or similar matters to which we may be 
subject, including any effect on our reputation; 
 severe weather, acts of god, acts of war or terrorism; 

Table of Contents 
 3 
 compliance with governmental and regulatory requirements, including 
the Dodd-Frank and Wall Street Consumer Protection Act 
 Dodd-Frank Act and other regulations relating to banking, consumer protection, securities and tax matters; 
 changes in the laws, rules, regulations, interpretations or policies relating to financial 
institutions, accounting, tax, trade, monetary 
 and fiscal matters, including the policies of the Federal Reserve and as a result of 
initiatives of the current administration; 

 risks associated with our common stock; and 
 those factors set forth below under the heading "Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors," in this Annual Report on Form 10-K 

 The foregoing factors should not be construed as exhaustive and should 
be read together with the other cautionary statements included 
 in this report. Because of these risks and other uncertainties, our actual future 
results, performance or achievements, or industry results, may 
 be materially different from the results indicated by the forward-looking 
statements in this report. In addition, our past results of operations 
 are not necessarily indicative of our future results. Accordingly, no forward-looking statements should 
be relied upon, which represent our 
 beliefs, assumptions and estimates only as of the dates on which such forward-looking 
statements were made. Any forward-looking 
 statement speaks only as of the date on which it is made, and we do not undertake 
any obligation to update or review any forward-looking 
 statement, whether as a result of new information, future developments 
or otherwise, except as required by law. 

Table of Contents 
 4 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 2022 Form 10-K Annual Report 
 Table of Contents 
 Part
 Item 
 Number
 Section
 Page 
 Number
 I
 1 
 Business 
 5
 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 16
 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29
 2 
 Properties 
 29
 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 29
 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 29
 Information About Our Executive Officers 
 29
 II
 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity 
 Securities 
 30
 6 
 [Reserved] 
 32 
 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 32
 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 54
 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 55
 Report of FORVIS, LLP Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 56
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Related Notes 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 58
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 59
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 60
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 61
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 62
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 63
 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 107
 9A 
 Control and Procedures 
 107
 9B 
 Other Information 
 107
 9C 

Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 107 
 III
 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 108
 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 108
 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 108
 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Party Transactions and Director Independence 
 109
 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 109
 IV
 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 109
 (a) (1) Financial Statements - See listing in Item 8 above 
 (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules - None required 
 (a) (3) Exhibits 
 16 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 111
 Signatures 
 112

Table of Contents 
 5 
 Part I 
 ITEM 1. 
BUSINESS 
 Our Company 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc., a Kansas corporation and registered bank 
holding company (the Company ), is the holding company for 
 CrossFirst Bank (the Bank ). The Company was initially formed as a limited liability 
company, CrossFirst Holdings, LLC, on September 1, 
 2008, 
to become the holding company for the Bank and converted to a corporation in 2017. The Bank was established 
as a Kansas state-
 chartered bank in 2007 and provides a full suite of financial services to businesses, business 
owners, professionals, and their personal 
 networks through our branch offices located in Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, 
Arizona, 
Colorado and New Mexico. 
 Unless we state otherwise or the context otherwise requires, references 
in the below section to we, our, us, ourselves, our 
 company, and the Company refer to CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc., 
a Kansas corporation, its predecessors and its consolidated subsidiaries. 
 References to CrossFirst Bank and the Bank refer to CrossFirst Bank, a Kansas chartered 
bank and our wholly owned consolidated 
 subsidiary. 
 Since opening our first branch in 2007, we have grown organically primarily by 
establishing new branches, attracting new clients and 
 expanding our relationships with existing clients, as well as through three 
strategic acquisitions. 
Since inception, our strategy has been to be a 
 trusted partner providing customized financial solutions for our clients, 
which we believe has driven value for our stockholders. 
We are 
 committed to a culture of serving our clients and communities in extraordinary 
ways by providing personalized, relationship-based banking. 
 We believe that success is achieved through establishing and growing the trust of 
our clients, employees, stockholders, 
and communities. We 
 remain focused on growth and are equally focused on building stockholder 
value through greater efficiency and increased profitability. We 
 intend to execute our strategic plan through the following: 
 
Continue organic growth; 
 
Selectively pursue opportunities to expand through acquisitions 
or new market development; 
 
Improve financial performance; 
 
Attract, retain and develop talent; 
 
Maintain a branch-light business model with strategically placed locations; 
and 
 
Leverage technology to enhance the client experience and improve profitability. 
 Developments during the Fiscal Year ended December 31, 2022 
 In May of 2022, the Company announced a new share repurchase program under 
which we could repurchase up to 30 million of 
 Company common stock. This program remains in effect. The Company completed the share repurchase 
program previously announced in 
 October 2021 during the third quarter of 2022. During 2022, the Company 
repurchased 36 million, representing 2,448,428 common shares, 
 at an average price per share of 14.61 under both repurchase programs. 

 The Company announced on June 13, 2022, an agreement under 
which CrossFirst Bank would acquire Central Bancorp, Inc. s bank 
 subsidiary, Farmers Stockmens Bank Central ), 
in an all-cash transaction. The transaction was closed on November 22, 2022. 

 In June 2022, Amy Abrams was appointed as the Company s General Counsel and Corporate Secretary. 
 In June of 2022, the Company announced the promotion of W. Randall Rapp, the Bank's current 
Chief Risk and Credit Officer, to the 
 position of President of the Bank, to be effective July 1, 2022. 
In his new role, Mr. Rapp has responsibility for production, credit, operations, 
 risk and technology of the Bank and reports to the Chief Executive Officer of 
the Bank and the Company. 
In connection with his promotion, 
 Mr. Rapp relinquished the position of Chief Risk and Credit Officer of the 
Bank. With this promotion, the roles of President and Chief 
 Executive Officer of the Bank, formerly held by Michael J. Maddox, were 
split, and Mr. Maddox continues as the Chief Executive Officer of 
 the Bank and President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company. 
Jenny Payne was named Chief Risk Officer of the Bank, and Tom 
 Robinson was named Chief Credit Officer of the Bank. 

 We continued our expansion into high growth metro markets such as: Frisco, Phoenix, 
Denver, and Colorado Springs, and we added 
 and expanded industry verticals including Sponsor Finance, 
Financial Institutions, SBA, Residential 
Mortgage and Franchise Finance. 

Table of Contents 
 6 
 We launched our new digital banking platform in the fourth quarter, providing 
enhanced online tools and resources for our clients. The 
 Q2 platform provides a responsive design with features and functionality parity 
between online and mobile banking and gives the Company 
 the ability to enhance our digital client experience with additional revenue 
generating opportunities. 
 Products and Services 
 The Bank operates as a regional bank providing a broad offering of deposit and 
lending products to commercial and consumer clients. 
 The Bank s branches are strategically located in Kansas, Missouri, 
Oklahoma, Texas, Arizona, Colorado and New Mexico. 
Our approach to 
 banking starts with our extraordinary service commitment. Our approach 
is highly tailored to our clients with the ability to customize 
 products and services to meet our clients individual needs. In addition to our branch locations, we also offer private banking 
solutions and 
 commercial banking solutions. 
Private banking services offer clients an enhanced level of service through 
the support of a dedicated Private 
 Banker. Our commercial banking teams are run by experienced business leaders who 
understand the unique challenges and opportunities that 
 come from running and growing a business. Our commercial banking solutions 
across lending, deposits and treasury management are 
 designed to meet the needs of our client regardless of size or industry. We serve consumer 
clients though our branch network as well as our 
 digital banking products. 

 We focus on the following loan categories: (i) commercial and industrial loans, 
including enterprise value lending; (ii) commercial real 
 estate loans; (iii) construction and development loans, including home builder 
lending; (iv) residential real estate loans; (v) multifamily real 
 estate loans; (vi) energy loans; (vii) Small Business Administration SBA loans; (viii) consumer loans 
; 
and (ix) secondary market 
 mortgage loans. 
 We also offer deposit banking products including: (i) personal and business checking 
and savings accounts; (ii) international banking 
 services; (iii) treasury management services; (iv) money market accounts; 
(v) certificates of deposits; (vi) negotiable order of withdrawal 
 accounts; (vii) automated teller machine access; and (viii) mobile banking. 
 Competition 
 The banking and financial services industry is highly competitive, and we compete with 
a wide range of financial institutions within 
 our markets, including local, regional and national commercial banks and 
credit unions. We also compete with mortgage companies, trust 
 companies, brokerage firms, consumer finance companies, securities firms, 
insurance companies, third-party payment processors, financial 
 technology Fintech companies, and other financial intermediaries. 
Some of our competitors are not subject to the regulatory restrictions 
 and level of regulatory supervision applicable to us. 
 Human Capital Resources 
 Employee Profile 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company had 465 full-time equivalent 
employees primarily in locations across the states of Kansas, 
 Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, 
Arizona, 
Colorado and New Mexico; however, technology has allowed us to expand our reach to include 
a larger 
 demographic with more remote employees working outside of our physical locations 
and throughout the country. None of our employees are 
 parties to a collective bargaining agreement, and we consider our relationship 
with our employees to be good. 
During fiscal year 2022 we 
 hired 212 employees (including as part of the acquisition of Farmers Stockmens 
Bank). Our regretted turnover rate was 14.6 in fiscal 
 year 2022, which we believe was due primarily to a competitive labor market 
and a shortage of talent. 

 We believe a diverse 
workforce is critical to long-term success and seek to build and maintain a diverse 
and inclusive environment. 
As of 
 December 31, 2022, approximately 61 of our current workforce 
self-identifies as female and 39 as male. 
As of December 31, 2022, 45 
 of our executive and senior leadership team self-identifies as female.

Culture 
 We strive to attract, retain, and develop top talent with diverse knowledge, perspectives, 
and experience to achieve our strategic 
 objectives. 
Our Chief Human Resources Officer, reporting directly to our Chief Executive Officer, 
oversees our human capital management 
 strategies. In addition, our Board of Directors is actively involved in our human 
capital management in its oversight of our long-term strategy 
 and through its committees and engagement with management. 
 We have a strengths-based culture where our employees utilize their strengths 
to set the course and are empowered to deliver 
 extraordinary services for our clients. We strive to maintain our high-performing 
culture and be an employer of choice by creating an 
 inclusive environment that attracts and retains high-quality, engaged 
employees who embody our core values of character, competence, 

Table of Contents 
 7 
 commitment and connection. We are focused on sourcing and hiring talent that will be a 
cultural fit to our core values and have backgrounds 
 that are as diverse as the clients we serve. 

 Pay Equity 
 We believe our 
employees should be compensated on their experience and performance for the roles they fulfill, 
and our goal is to 
 attract, retain and develop top-quality talent. To 
deliver on that commitment, we set pay ranges based on banking market data 
and consider 
 factors such as an employee s role 
and experience, the location of their job, and their performance. We 
also regularly review our 
 compensation practices, both in terms of our overall workforce and 
individual employees, to ensure our pay is fair and equitable.

Diversity, Equity and Inclusion 
 We believe that an equitable and inclusive environment with diverse teams supports 
our core values and strategic initiatives. 
We are 
 focused on maintaining and enhancing our inclusive culture through 
our CrossFirst Cares program, which represents our initiatives and 
 efforts to support the diverse thoughts, ideas and perspectives of our employees and 
their wellbeing. Our IDEA Champions employee 
 resource group is focused on promoting diversity, equity and inclusion, 
while supporting CrossFirst s core values and strengths-based 
 culture. These groups enhance an inclusive culture through company events, participation 
in our recruitment efforts, training opportunities, 
 and input into our development strategies. During 2022, we provided 
unconscious bias training for all employees. 
 Compensation and Benefits Program 
 As part of our compensation philosophy, we offer and maintain competitive 
total rewards programs to attract and retain superior talent 
 throughout our market footprint. In addition to competitive base 
pay, we also offer annual incentive opportunities, long-term incentive 
 opportunities, a Company-augmented Employee Stock Ownership Plan, 
Company-matched 401(k) Plan, healthcare and insurance benefits, 
 health savings and flexible spending accounts, paid time off, parental 
leave, a Volunteer Time Off VTO program, flexible work 
 schedules, and employee assistance programs. 
 Community Involvement 
 We build strong relationships within the communities we serve, and 
we support the passions of our employees. We encourage our 
 employees to volunteer their time and talent by serving on boards and supporting 
the communities where they live and work. 

 We understand that helping our employees devote their energies to causes that matter 
to them, to their communities and to those 
 individuals who are most in need makes a broader impact. Our CrossFirst VTO program provides 
paid leave for these volunteer activities. 

 Our spirit of employee giving is also championed through our Generous 
Giving Program. 
Through this program, we offer every 
 employee the opportunity to provide financial support for others by 
matching up to 500 per employee gift, per year. Our Generous Giving 
 Program is designed to give our employees additional resources to make 
a difference in people s lives. Since its inception in 2017, our 
 Generous Giving Program donations total approximately 490 
thousand. 
 We focus on giving back to the communities we serve and providing opportunities 
to our employees to share in that effort. 
At the 
 same time, we recognize that participating in these activities enriches all our 
lives. 
 Workplace Health, Safety and Wellness 
 The success of our business is fundamentally connected to the well-being of our people. Accordingly, we are committed 
to the health, 
 safety and wellness of our employees. We provide our employees and their families with 
access to a variety of flexible and convenient health 
 and welfare programs. This includes offering benefits to support their physical 
and mental well-being; providing tools and resources to help 
 improve or maintain their health status; and offering choices where possible 
for employees to customize their benefits to meet their needs and 
 the needs of their families. The COVID-19 pandemic led us to evaluate our operating 
environment to ensure our employees were able to 
 continue working safely. 
As a result, we implemented significant changes including providing flexible 
work from home options for a large 
 percentage of our employees, while implementing additional safety measures 
for employees continuing critical on-site work. We have 
 continued to offer these for the benefit of our employees, clients and communities. 
 Annually, we conduct an all-employee engagement and satisfaction 
survey. We consistently have 90 participation in our engagement 
 survey, scoring in the top third of companies compared to other Gallup organizations, 
with over 67 of our employees who are classified by 
 Gallup as highly engaged. 

Table of Contents 
 8 
 During 2022, the Company received the WELL Health-Safety Rating through the International WELL Building Institute. This rating is 
 an evidence-based, third-party verified rating for all new and existing buildings 
focused on operational policies, maintenance protocols, 
 stakeholder engagement, and emergency plans to address a post COVID-19 
environment. 

 Talent Development 
 We prioritize and invest in creating opportunities to help our employees grow 
and build their careers through a variety of training and 
 development programs. These include online, classroom and on-the-job learning formats 
paired with an individualized development 
 approach. 

 A core tenet of our talent system is to both develop talent from within and supplement with external candidates. This approach has 
 yielded loyalty and commitment in our employee base which benefits our business, 
our products, and our clients. 
In 2022, over 17 of our 
 current employees were promoted into roles with increased responsibilities. The addition 
of new employees and external ideas supports our 
 culture of continuous improvement and a diverse and inclusive workforce. 

 Our performance management framework includes monthly business and functional 
reviews, along with one-on-one and quarterly 
 forward-looking goal setting and development discussions, followed by annual 
opportunities for pay differentiation based on overall 
 employee performance distinction. 
 Supervision and Regulation 
 The following is a general summary of the material aspects of certain statutes and 
regulations that are applicable to us. These 
 summary descriptions are not complete. Please refer to the full text of the statutes, regulations, 
and corresponding guidance for more 
 information. These statutes and regulations are subject to change, and additional 
statutes, regulations, and corresponding guidance may be 
 adopted. We are unable to predict future changes or the effects, if any, that these changes could have on our business or our revenues. 
 General 

 We are extensively regulated under U.S. federal and state law. As a result, our growth and earnings performance 
may be affected not 
 only by management decisions and general economic conditions, 
but also by federal and state statutes and by the regulations and policies of 
 various bank regulatory agencies, including the Office of the State Bank Commissioner 
of Kansas, the Federal Reserve, the Federal Deposit 
 Insurance Corporation FDIC and the Consumer Financial Protection 
Bureau CFPB ). Furthermore, tax laws administered by the 
 Internal Revenue Service IRS and state and local taxing authorities, accounting 
rules developed by the Financial Accounting Standards 
 Board FASB ), securities laws administered by the Securities and Exchange 
Commission SEC and state securities authorities and Anti-
 Money Laundering AML laws enforced by the U.S. Department of 
the Treasury also impact our business. The effect of these statutes, 
 regulations, regulatory policies and rules are significant to our financial condition 
and results of operations. Further, the nature and extent of 
 future legislative, regulatory or other changes affecting financial institutions are 
impossible to predict with any certainty. 
 Federal and state banking laws impose a comprehensive system of 
supervision, regulation, and enforcement on the operations of 
 banks, their holding companies and their affiliates. These laws are intended primarily 
for the protection of depositors, clients and the Deposit 
 Insurance Fund of the FDIC DIF rather than for stockholders. 

 This supervisory and regulatory framework subjects banks and bank 
holding companies to regular examination by their respective 
 regulatory agencies, which results in examination reports and 
ratings that, while not publicly available, can affect the conduct and growth of 
 their businesses. 

 Regulatory Capital Requirements 
 The federal banking agencies require that banking organizations meet several 
risk-based capital adequacy requirements known as the 
 Basel III Capital Rules. The Basel III Capital Rules implement the Basel Committee s December 
2010 framework for strengthening 
 international capital standards and certain provisions of the Dodd 
-Frank Act. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules require the Company and the Bank to comply with four minimum 
capital standards: (i) a tier 1 leverage 
 ratio of at least 4.0 ; (ii) a CET1 to risk-weighted assets of at least 4.5 ; (iii) a tier 1 
capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 6.0 ; and (iv) 
 a total capital to risk-weighted assets of at least 8.0 . CET1 capital is generally 
comprised of common stockholders equity and retained 
 earnings subject to applicable regulatory adjustments. Tier 1 capital is generally 
comprised of CET1 and additional tier 1 capital. Additional 
 tier 1 capital generally includes certain noncumulative perpetual preferred 
stock and related surplus and minority interests in equity accounts 
 of consolidated subsidiaries. We are permitted to include qualifying trust preferred 
securities issued prior to May 19, 2010 as additional tier 1 
 capital. Total capital includes tier 1 capital (CET1 capital plus additional tier 1 capital) and tier 2 
capital. Tier 2 capital is generally comprised 
 of capital instruments and related surplus meeting specified requirements, 
and may include cumulative preferred stock and long-term 
 perpetual preferred stock, mandatory convertible securities, intermediate 
preferred stock, and subordinated debt. Also included in tier 2 

Table of Contents 
 9 
 capital is the allowance for credit losses ACL ), formerly known as the allowance 
for loan and lease losses ALLL ), limited to a 
 maximum of 1.25 of risk-weighted assets. The calculation of all types of regulatory 
capital is subject to deductions and adjustments 
 specified in the regulations. 
 The Basel III Capital Rules also establish a capital conservation buffer of 2.5 
above the regulatory minimum risk-based capital 
 requirements. An institution is subject to limitations on certain activities, including payment of dividends, share repurchases 
and 
 discretionary bonuses to executive officers, if its capital level is below the buffered 
ratio. 
 The Basel III minimum capital ratios as applicable to the Bank and to the Company 
are summarized in the table below: 
 Basel III 
 Minimum For 
 Capital Adequacy 
 Purposes 
 Basel III 
 Additional 
 Capital 
 Conservation 
 Buffer 
 Basel III Ratio 
 With Capital 
 Conservation 
 Buffer 
 Total risk based capital (total capital to risk-weighted assets) 
 8.00 
 2.50 
 10.50 
 Tier 1 risk based capital (tier 1 to risk-weighted assets) 
 6.00 
 2.50 
 8.50 
 Common equity tier 1 risk based capital (CET1 to risk-weighted 
assets) 
 4.50 
 2.50 
 7.00 
 Tier 1 leverage ratio (tier 1 to average assets) 
 4.00 

4.00 
 In determining the amount of risk-weighted assets for purposes of calculating 
risk-based capital ratios, a banking organization s assets, 
 including certain off-balance sheet assets are multiplied by a risk weight factor 
assigned by the regulations based on perceived risks inherent 
 in the type of asset. As a result, higher levels of capital are required for asset categories believed to present greater risk. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s and the Bank s capital ratios exceeded 
the minimum capital adequacy guideline percentage 
 requirements under the Basel III Capital Rules. 

 Prompt Corrective Action 
 The Federal Deposit Insurance Act requires federal banking agencies to take prompt corrective action with respect 
to depository 
 institutions that do not meet minimum capital requirements. For purposes 
of prompt corrective action, the law establishes five capital tiers: 
 well-capitalized, adequately-capitalized, under-capitalized, 
 significantly under-capitalized, and critically under-capitalized. A 
 depository institution s capital tier depends on its capital levels and certain other factors established 
by regulation. In order to be a well-
 capitalized depository institution, a bank must maintain a CET1 risk-based 
capital ratio of 6.5 or more, a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 
 8 or more, a total risk-based capital ratio of 10 or more and a leverage ratio of 
5 or more (and is not subject to any order or written 
 directive specifying any higher capital ratio). At each successively lower capital category, a bank 
is subject to increased restrictions on its 
 operations. 

 As of December 31, 2022, the Bank met the requirements for being deemed 
 well-capitalized for purposes of the prompt corrective 
 action regulations and was not otherwise subject to any order or written directive 
specifying any higher capital ratios. 
 Enforcement Powers of Federal and State Banking 
Agencies 
 The federal banking regulatory agencies have broad enforcement powers, 
including the power to terminate deposit insurance, impose 
 substantial fines and other civil and criminal penalties, and appoint a 
conservator or receiver for financial institutions. Failure to comply with 
 applicable laws and regulations could subject us and our officers and directors to 
administrative sanctions and potentially substantial civil 
 money penalties. 

 The Company 
 General 
 As a bank holding company, the Company is subject to regulation and supervision 
by the Federal Reserve under the Bank Holding 
 Company Act of 1956, as amended BHCA ). Under the BHCA, the Company is subject to periodic examination 
by the Federal Reserve. 
 The Company is required to file with the Federal Reserve periodic reports of 
its operations and such additional information as the Federal 
 Reserve may require. 

Table of Contents 
 10 
 Acquisitions, Activities and 
Change in Control 
 The BHCA generally requires the prior approval by the Federal Reserve for any merger involving a bank holding 
company or a bank 
 holding company s acquisition of more than 5 of a class of voting securities of 
any additional bank or bank holding company or to acquire 
 all or substantially all the assets of any additional bank or bank holding 
company. 

 Federal law also prohibits any person or company from acquiring control 
of an FDIC-insured depository institution or its holding 
 company without prior notice to the appropriate federal bank regulator. 
 Control is conclusively presumed to exist upon the acquisition of 
 25 or more of the outstanding voting securities of a bank or bank holding company, but 
may arise under certain circumstances between 5 
 and 24.99 ownership. 
 Permitted Activities 
 The BHCA generally prohibits the Company from controlling or engaging in any business other than that of banking, 
managing and 
 controlling banks or furnishing services to banks and their subsidiaries. This general 
prohibition is subject to a number of exceptions. The 
 principal exception allows bank holding companies to engage in, and to 
own shares of companies engaged in, certain businesses found by the 
 Federal Reserve prior to November 11, 1999 to be so closely related to banking 
as to be a proper incident thereto. 

 Additionally, bank holding companies that meet certain eligibility requirements 
prescribed by the BHCA and elect to operate as 
 financial holding companies may engage in, or own shares in companies engaged 
in, a wider range of nonbanking activities, including 
 securities and insurance underwriting and sales, merchant banking 
and any other activity that the Federal Reserve, in consultation with the 
 Secretary of the Treasury, determines by regulation or order is financial in nature or 
incidental to any such financial activity or that the 
 Federal Reserve determines by order to be complementary to any such financial 
activity and does not pose a substantial risk to the safety or 
 soundness of depository institutions or the financial system generally. The Company 
has not elected to be a financial holding company, and 
 we have not engaged in any activities determined by the Federal Reserve to be financial 
in nature or incidental or complementary to activities 
 that are financial in nature. 
 Source of Strength 
 Bank holding companies, such as the Company, are required by statute to serve 
as a source of financial strength for their subsidiary 
 depository institutions, by providing financial assistance to their insured depository 
institution subsidiaries in the event of financial distress. 
 Under the source of strength requirement, the Company could be required to provide financial 
assistance to the Bank should it experience 
 financial distress. Furthermore, the Federal Reserve has the right to order 
a bank holding company to terminate any activity that the Federal 
 Reserve believes is a serious risk to the financial safety, soundness or stability of 
any subsidiary bank. The regulators may require these and 
 other actions in support of controlled banks even if such action is not in the best interests of 
the bank holding company or its stockholders. 
 Safe and Sound Banking Practices 
 Bank holding companies and their nonbanking subsidiaries are prohibited 
from engaging in activities that represent unsafe and 
 unsound banking practices or that constitute a violation of law or regulations. 
Under certain conditions the Federal Reserve may conclude 
 that certain actions of a bank holding company, such as a payment of a cash dividend, 
would constitute an unsafe and unsound banking 
 practice. The Federal Reserve also has the authority to regulate the debt of bank holding companies, 
including the authority to impose 
 interest rate ceilings and reserve requirements on such debt. Under certain 
circumstances the Federal Reserve may require a bank holding 
 company to file written notice and obtain its approval prior to purchasing or redeeming 
its equity securities, unless certain conditions are met. 
 Dividend Payments, Stock Redemptions and Repurchases 
 The Company s ability to pay dividends to its stockholders is affected by 
both general corporate law considerations and the 
 regulations and policies of the Federal Reserve applicable to bank holding companies, 
including the Basel III Capital Rules. Generally, a 
 Kansas corporation may declare and pay dividends upon the shares of 
its capital stock either out of its surplus, as defined in and computed in 
 accordance with K.S.A. 17-6404 and 17-6604, and amendments thereto, 
or in case there is not any surplus, out of its net profits for the fiscal 
 year in which the dividend is declared or the preceding fiscal year, or both. 
If the capital of the corporation, computed in accordance with 
 K.S.A. 17-6404 and 17-6604, and amendments thereto, is diminished 
by depreciation in the value of its property, or by losses, or otherwise, 
 to an amount less than the aggregate amount of the capital represented by the issued 
and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference 
 upon the distribution of assets, then no dividends may be paid out of such net profits 
until the deficiency in the amount of capital represented 
 by the issued and outstanding stock of all classes having a preference upon the distribution 
of assets shall have been repaired. 
 It is the Federal Reserve s policy that bank holding companies should generally 
pay dividends on common stock only out of income 
 available over the past year, and only if prospective earnings retention is consistent 
with the organization s expected future needs and 
 financial condition. It is also the Federal Reserve s policy that bank holding 
companies should not maintain dividend levels that undermine 

Table of Contents 
 11 
 their ability to be a source of strength to its banking subsidiaries. Additionally, the Federal Reserve has indicated that bank 
holding 
 companies should carefully review their dividend policy and has discouraged 
payment ratios that are at maximum allowable levels unless 
 both asset quality and capital are very strong. 

 Bank holding companies must consult with the Federal Reserve before 
redeeming any equity or other capital instrument included in 
 tier 1 or tier 2 capital prior to stated maturity, if such redemption could have a material 
effect on the level or composition of the 
 organization s capital base. In addition, bank holding companies are unable 
to repurchase shares equal to 10 or more of their net worth if 
 they would not be well-capitalized (as defined by the Federal Reserve) after 
giving effect to such repurchase. Bank holding companies 
 experiencing financial weaknesses, or that are at significant risk of developing 
financial weaknesses, must consult with the Federal Reserve 
 before redeeming or repurchasing common stock or other regulatory 
capital instruments. 
 Other Regulation 
 As a company whose stock is publicly traded, the Company is subject to various 
federal and state securities laws, including the 
 Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the "Securities Act"), the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the "Exchange Act") and the 
 Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002, and the Company files periodic reports with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In 
addition, because the 
 Company s common stock is listed with The Nasdaq Stock Market LLC, the Company 
is subject to the listing rules of that exchange.
 The Bank 
 General 
 The Bank is a Kansas state-chartered bank and is not a member bank of the Federal 
Reserve. As a Kansas state-chartered bank, the 
 Bank is subject to the examination, supervision and regulation by 
the Office of the State Bank Commissioner of Kansas OSBCK ), the 
 chartering authority for Kansas banks, and by the FDIC. The Bank is also subject to certain regulations 
of the CFPB. 
 The OSBCK supervises and regulates all areas of the Bank s operations including, 
without limitation, the making of loans, the 
 issuance of securities, the conduct of the Bank s corporate affairs, the satisfaction of 
capital adequacy requirements, the payment of 
 dividends, and the establishment or closing of banking offices. The FDIC is the Bank s primary 
federal regulatory agency, and periodically 
 examines the Bank s operations and financial condition and compliance 
with federal law. In addition, the Bank s deposit accounts are insured 
 by the DIF to the maximum extent provided under federal law and FDIC regulations, 
and the FDIC has certain enforcement powers over the 
 Bank. 
 Depositor Preference 
 In the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of depositors of the institution, 
 including the claims of the FDIC as subrogee of insured depositors, and 
certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as a receiver, 
 will have priority over other general unsecured claims against the institution. If 
an insured depository institution fails, insured and uninsured 
 depositors, along with the FDIC, will have priority in payment ahead of 
unsecured, non-deposit creditors including the parent bank holding 
 company with respect to any extensions of credit they have made to that 
insured depository institution. 
 Brokered Deposit and Deposit Rate Restrictions 
 In December of 2020, the FDIC finalized revisions to its regulations relating 
to brokered deposits and interest rate restrictions that 
 apply to less than well-capitalized insured depository institutions. The final rule became 
effective April 1, 2021 and full compliance with the 
 revised brokered deposit regulation was extended to January 1, 2022. 

 Well-capitalized institutions are not subject to limitations on brokered 
deposits, while adequately-capitalized institutions are able to 
 accept, renew or roll over brokered deposits, only with a waiver from the 
FDIC and subject to certain restrictions on the yield paid on such 
 deposits. Under-capitalized institutions are generally not permitted to 
accept, renew, or roll over brokered deposits and are subject to a 
 deposit rate cap, pursuant to which the institutions would be prohibited from 
paying in excess of the higher of (1) 75 basis points above 
 published national deposit rates or (2) for maturity deposits, 120 
percent of the current yield on similar maturity U.S. Treasury obligations 
 and, for non-maturity deposits, the federal funds rate plus 75 basis points, unless the 
FDIC determined that the institutions local market rate 
 was above the national rate. As of December 31, 2022, the Bank was eligible to accept brokered deposits without a waiver from 
the FDIC 
 and was not subject to the deposit rate cap. 
 Deposit Insurance 
 As an FDIC-insured institution, the Bank is required to pay deposit insurance premiums 
to the FDIC. The FDIC has adopted a risk-
 based assessment system whereby FDIC-insured depository 
institutions pay insurance premiums at rates based on their risk classification. An 

Table of Contents 
 12 
 institution s risk classification is assigned based on its capital levels and 
the level of supervisory concern the institution poses to the 
 regulators. For deposit insurance assessment purposes, an insured depository 
institution is placed in one of four risk categories each quarter. 
 An institution s assessment is determined by multiplying its assessment 
rate by its assessment base. The total base assessment rates range 
 from 2.5 basis points to 42 basis points. While in the past an insured depository institution s assessment 
base was determined by its deposit 
 base, amendments to the Federal Deposit Insurance Act revised the assessment base so that it is calculated using average consolidated 
total 
 assets minus average tangible equity. 
 Additionally, the Dodd-Frank Act altered the minimum designated reserve ratio of the DIF, increasing the minimum 
from 1.15 to 
 1.35 of the estimated amount of total insured deposits, and eliminating 
the requirement that the FDIC pay dividends to depository 
 institutions when the reserve ratio exceeds certain thresholds. The FDIC had until 
September 3, 2020 to meet the 1.35 reserve ratio target, 
 but it announced in November 2018 
that the DIF had reached 1.36 , exceeding the 1.35 reserve ratio target. At least semi-annually, the 
 FDIC updates its loss and income projections for the DIF and, if needed, may increase 
or decrease the assessment rates, following notice and 
 comment on proposed rule-making. However, as of June 30, 2020, 
the reserve ratio fell to 1.30 , below the statutory minimum of 1.35 . 

 On September 15, 2020, the FDIC adopted a Restoration Plan to restore the reserve 
ratio to at least 1.35 within eight years. The FDIC 
 projects that the reserve ratio will return to 1.35 without further action by the 
FDIC before the end of that eight-year period, but the FDIC 
 will closely monitor deposit balance trends, potential losses, and other factors that 
affect the reserve ratio. As a result, the Bank s FDIC 
 deposit insurance premiums could increase or decrease. 
 Audit Reports 
 Since the Bank is an insured depository institution with total assets of 1 billion 
or more, financial statements are prepared in 
 accordance with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ), management s certifications signed by the Company's and the Bank s 
 chief executive officer and chief accounting or financial officer concerning 
management s responsibility for the financial statements, and an 
 attestation by the auditors regarding the Bank s internal controls must be submitted 
to the FDIC and OSBCK. The Federal Deposit Insurance 
 Corporation Improvement Act of 1991 requires that the Bank (or, as explained below, the Company) have 
an independent audit committee, 
 consisting of outside directors who are independent of management of the 
Company and the Bank. The audit committee must include at least 
 two members with experience in banking or related financial management, 
must have access to outside counsel and must not include 
 representatives of large clients. Certain insured depository institutions with total assets of 
less than 5 billion, or 5 billion or more and a 
 composite CAMELS (i.e., capital adequacy, assets, management capability, 
earnings, liquidity, sensitivity) rating of 1 or 2, may satisfy these 
 audit committee requirements if its holding company has an audit committee 
that satisfies these requirements. The Company s audit 
 committee satisfies these requirements. 
 Examination Assessments 
 Pursuant to the Kansas Banking Code, the expense of every regular examination, 
together with the expense of administering the 
 banking and savings and loan laws, including salaries, travel expenses, 
supplies and equipment are paid by the banks and savings and loan 
 associations of Kansas, which are generally allocated among them 
based on total asset size. 
 Capital Requirements 
 Banks are generally required to maintain minimum capital ratios. For a discussion 
of the capital requirements applicable to the Bank, 
 see Regulatory Capital Requirements above. 
 Bank Reserves 
 The Federal Reserve requires all depository institutions to maintain reserves 
against some transaction accounts (primarily Negotiable 
 Order of Withdrawal NOW and Super NOW checking accounts). The balances maintained to meet 
the reserve requirements imposed by 
 the Federal Reserve may be used to satisfy liquidity requirements. An institution may borrow from the Federal 
Reserve discount window 
 as a secondary source of funds if the institution meets the Federal Reserve s credit standards. The Federal 
Reserve reduced the reserve 
 requirement to 0 effective March 26, 2020. 
 Dividend Payments 
 A primary source of funds for the Company is dividends from the Bank. The Bank is not permitted to pay a dividend to the Company 
 under certain circumstances, including if the Bank is under-capitalized under 
the prompt corrective action framework or if the Bank fails to 
 maintain the required capital conservation buffer. The Kansas Banking Code 
also places restrictions on the declaration of dividends by the 
 Bank to the Company. No dividend may be paid from the capital stock account of 
the Bank. The current dividends of the Bank may only be 
 paid from undivided profits after deducting losses. Before declaring any cash dividend 
from undivided profits, the Bank s board of directors 
 must ensure that the surplus fund equals or exceeds the capital stock account. If 
the surplus fund is less than the capital stock account, the 
 Bank s board of directors may transfer 25 of the net profits of the Bank, since the 
last preceding dividend from undivided profits, to the 

Table of Contents 
 13 
 surplus fund, except no additional transfers are required once the surplus fund 
equals or exceeds the capital stock account. Any other 
 dividend (whether in cash or other property) from the Bank to the Company 
requires the prior approval of the OSBCK. 
 The payment of dividends by any financial institution is affected by 
the requirement to maintain adequate capital pursuant to 
 applicable capital adequacy guidelines and regulations, and a financial institution 
generally is prohibited from paying any dividends if, 
 following payment thereof, the institution would be under-capitalized. As described above, the Bank exceeded 
its minimum capital 
 requirements under applicable regulatory guidelines as of December 
31, 2022. 
 Transactions with Affiliates 
 The Bank is subject to Sections 23A and 23B of the Federal Reserve Act (the Affiliates Act and the Federal Reserve s 
 implementation of Regulation W. An affiliate of a bank under the Affiliates 
Act is any company or entity that controls, is controlled by or is 
 under common control with the bank. Accordingly, transactions between the Company, the Bank and any nonbank 
subsidiaries will be 
 subject to a number of restrictions. The amount of loans or extensions of credit which the Bank 
may make to nonbank affiliates, or to third 
 parties secured by securities or obligations of the nonbank affiliates, are substantially 
limited by the Affiliates Act. Such acts further restrict 
 the range of permissible transactions between a bank and an affiliated company. A bank and its subsidiaries may engage in certain 
 transactions, including loans and purchases of assets, with an affiliated company 
only if the terms and conditions of the transaction, including 
 credit standards, are substantially the same as, or at least as favorable to the bank as, those prevailing 
at the time for comparable transactions 
 with non-affiliated companies or, in the absence of comparable transactions, on 
terms and conditions that would be offered to non-affiliated 
 companies. 
 Loans to Directors, Executive Officers and Principal Stockholders 
 The authority of the Bank to extend credit to its directors, executive officers 
and principal stockholders, including their immediate 
 family members and corporations and other entities they control, is subject to 
substantial restrictions and requirements under the Federal 
 Reserve s Regulation O, as well as the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. 
 Limits on Loans to One Borrower 
 As a Kansas state-chartered bank, the Bank is subject to limits on the amount 
of loans it can make to one borrower. With certain 
 limited exceptions, loans and extensions of credit from Kansas state-chartered 
banks outstanding to any borrower (including certain related 
 entities of the borrower) at any one time may not exceed 25 of the capital of the bank. 
Certain types of loans are exempt from the lending 
 limits, including loans fully secured by segregated deposits held by 
the bank or bonds or notes of the United States. A Kansas state-chartered 
 bank may lend an additional amount if the loan is fully secured by certain types of real 
estate. In addition to the single borrower limitation 
 described above, loans to a borrower and its subsidiaries generally may not exceed 
50 of the capital of the bank. The Bank s legal lending 
 limit to any one borrower was 176 million as of December 31, 2022. 
 Safety and Soundness Standards/Risk Management 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted guidelines establishing 
operational and managerial standards to promote the safety and 
 soundness of federally insured depository institutions. The guidelines set forth standards 
for internal controls, information systems, internal 
 audit systems, loan documentation, credit underwriting, interest rate exposure, 
asset growth, compensation, fees and benefits, asset quality 
 and earnings. In general, the safety and soundness guidelines prescribe the goals to be 
achieved in each area, and each institution is 
 responsible for establishing its own procedures to achieve those goals. If an institution 
fails to comply with any of the standards set forth in 
 the guidelines, the financial institution s primary federal regulator 
may require the institution to submit a plan for achieving and maintaining 
 compliance. If a financial institution fails to submit an acceptable compliance 
plan or fails in any material respect to implement a compliance 
 plan that has been accepted by its primary federal regulator, the regulator is required 
to issue an order directing the institution to cure the 
 deficiency. Until the deficiency cited in the regulator s order is cured, the regulator 
may restrict the financial institution s rate of growth, 
 require the financial institution to increase its capital, restrict the rates the institution 
pays on deposits or require the institution to take any 
 action the regulator deems appropriate under the circumstances. Noncompliance 
with the standards established by the safety and soundness 
 guidelines may also constitute grounds for other enforcement action by 
the federal bank regulatory agencies, including cease and desist 
 orders and civil money penalty assessments. 
 Community Reinvestment 
Act CRA 
 The CRA is intended to encourage insured depository institutions, while operating safely and soundly, to help meet the credit needs 
of 
 their communities. The CRA specifically directs the federal bank regulatory agencies, in examining insured depository institutions, 
to assess 
 their record of helping to meet the credit needs of their entire community, including 
low and moderate income neighborhoods, consistent 
 with safe and sound banking practices. The CRA further requires the agencies to take a financial institution s record of meeting 
its 

Table of Contents 
 14 
 community credit needs into account when evaluating applications for, among 
other things, domestic branches, consummating mergers or 
 acquisitions or holding company formations. 
 The federal banking agencies have adopted regulations which measure 
a bank s compliance with its CRA obligations on a 
 performance-based evaluation system. This system bases CRA ratings on an institution s actual lending service and 
investment performance 
 rather than the extent to which the institution conducts needs assessments, documents 
community outreach or complies with other procedural 
 requirements. The ratings range from a high of outstanding to a low of substantial noncompliance. The 
Bank had a CRA rating of 
 satisfactory as of its most recent CRA assessment. 
 Anti-Money Laundering and the Office of Foreign 
Assets Control Regulation 
 The Company and the Bank must comply with the requirements of the Bank 
Secrecy Act BSA ). The BSA 
was enacted to prevent 
 banks and other financial service providers from being used as intermediaries 
for, or to hide the transfer or deposit of money derived from, 
 drug trafficking, money laundering, and other crimes. Since its passage, the BSA has been amended several times. These amendments 
 include the Money Laundering Control Act of 1986, which made money laundering a criminal act, as well as the Money 
Laundering 
 Suppression Act of 1994, which required regulators to develop enhanced examination procedures and increased 
examiner training to improve 
 the identification of money laundering schemes in financial institutions. The USA Uniting and Strengthening America by Providing 
 Appropriate Tools Required to Intercept and Obstruct Terrorism Act of 2001 PATRIOT Act ), substantially broadened the scope of U.S. 
 anti-money laundering laws and regulations by imposing significant new 
compliance and due diligence obligations, creating new crimes and 
 penalties and expanding the extra-territorial jurisdiction of the United 
States. The regulations impose obligations on financial institutions to 
 maintain appropriate policies, procedures and controls to detect, prevent, 
and report money laundering and terrorist financing. The 
 regulations include significant penalties for non-compliance. Likewise, 
Office of Foreign Assets Control OFAC administers and enforces 
 economic and trade sanctions against targeted foreign countries and regimes 
under authority of various laws, including designated foreign 
 countries, nationals and others. OFAC publishes lists of specially designated 
targets and countries. Financial institutions are responsible for, 
 among other things, blocking accounts of and transactions with such 
targets and countries, prohibiting unlicensed trade and financial 
 transactions with them and reporting blocked transactions after their occurrence. 
Failure of a financial institution to maintain and implement 
 adequate anti-money laundering and OFAC programs, or to comply 
with all of the relevant laws or regulations, could have serious legal and 
 reputational consequences for the institution. 
 Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate CRE 
 Concentration risk exists when financial institutions deploy too many assets to any 
one industry or segment. Concentration stemming 
 from CRE is one area of regulatory concern. The CRE Concentration Guidance, provides 
supervisory criteria, including the following 
 numerical indicators, to assist bank examiners in identifying banks with potentially 
significant CRE loan concentrations that may warrant 
 greater supervisory scrutiny: (i) CRE loans exceeding 300 of capital and increasing 
50 or more in the preceding three years; or (ii) 
 construction and land development loans exceeding 100 of capital. The CRE Concentration 
Guidance does not limit banks levels of CRE 
 lending activities, but rather guides institutions in developing risk management 
practices and levels of capital that are commensurate with the 
 level and nature of their CRE concentrations. If a concentration is present, 
management must employ heightened risk management practices 
 that address the following key elements: (i) board and management oversight 
and strategic planning; (ii) portfolio management; (iii) 
 development of underwriting standards; (iv) risk assessment and 
monitoring through market analysis and stress testing; and (v) maintenance 
 of increased capital levels as needed to support the level of commercial real estate lending. 
On December 18, 2015, the federal banking 
 agencies jointly issued a statement on prudent risk management for commercial 
real estate lending reminding financial institutions of 
 developing risk management practices. See also Risk Factors A concentration in commercial real estate lending 
could cause our regulators 
 to restrict our ability to grow in this Form 10-K. 
 Consumer Financial Services 
 The Bank is subject to federal and state consumer protection statutes and regulations 
promulgated under those laws, including, without 
 limitation, regulations issued by the CFPB. These laws and regulations could increase or decrease 
the cost of doing business, limit or expand 
 permissible activities or affect the competitive balance among financial 
institutions. 
 Incentive Compensation Guidance 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies have issued comprehensive guidance 
intended to ensure that the incentive compensation policies 
 of banking organizations do not undermine the safety and soundness 
of those organizations by encouraging excessive risk-taking. The 
 incentive compensation guidance sets expectations for banking organizations 
concerning their incentive compensation arrangements and 
 related risk management, control and governance processes. The incentive compensation 
guidance, which covers all employees that have the 
 ability to materially affect the risk profile of an organization, either individually 
or as part of a group, is based upon three primary principles: 
 (i) balanced risk-taking incentives; (ii) compatibility with effective controls and 
risk management; and (iii) strong corporate governance. Any 
 deficiencies in compensation practices that are identified may be incorporated 
into the organization s supervisory ratings, which can affect its 
 ability to make acquisitions or take other actions. In addition, under the incentive 
compensation guidance, a banking organization s federal 

Table of Contents 
 15 
 supervisor may initiate enforcement action if the organization s incentive 
compensation arrangements pose a risk to the safety and soundness 
 of the organization. Further, the Basel III capital rules limit discretionary bonus 
payments to bank executives if the institution s regulatory 
 capital ratios fail to exceed certain thresholds. Although the federal bank regulatory agencies proposed additional rules 
in 2016 related to 
 incentive compensation for all banks with more than 1 billion in assets, those rules 
have not yet been finalized. The scope and content of the 
 U.S. banking regulators policies on executive compensation are continuing to develop and are likely to continue evolving in the near 
future. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act requires public companies to include, at least once every three years, a separate non 
-binding say-on-pay vote 
 in their proxy statement by which stockholders may vote on the compensation 
of the public company s named executive officers. In addition, 
 if such public companies are involved in a merger, acquisition, or consolidation, 
or if they propose to sell or dispose of all or substantially all 
 of their assets, stockholders have a right to an advisory vote on any golden 
parachute arrangements in connection with such transaction 
 (frequently referred to as say-on-golden parachute vote). Other provisions of the Dodd-Frank Act may impact our corporate governance. 
 For instance, the SEC adopted rules prohibiting the listing of any equity security of 
a company that does not have a compensation committee 
 consisting solely of independent directors, subject to certain exceptions. 
In addition, the SEC adopted rules requiring all exchange-traded 
 companies to adopt claw-back policies for incentive compensation paid to 
executive officers in the event of accounting restatements based on 
 material non-compliance with financial reporting requirements, 
as required under Dodd-Frank. Those rules, however, remain subject to 
final 
 listing standards to be issued by national securities exchanges. Additionally, the Company is an emerging growth 
company EGC under 
 the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012 (the JOBS Act and therefore subject to reduced disclosure requirements related to, 
 among other things, executive compensation. 
 Financial Privacy 
 The federal bank regulatory agencies have adopted rules that limit the ability 
of banks and other financial institutions to disclose non-
 public information about consumers to non-affiliated third parties. These limitations require 
disclosure of privacy policies to consumers and, 
 in some circumstances, allow consumers to prevent disclosure of 
certain personal information to a nonaffiliated third party. These regulations 
 affect how consumer information is transmitted through financial services companies 
and conveyed to outside vendors. In addition, 
 consumers may also prevent disclosure of certain information among 
affiliated companies that is assembled or used to determine eligibility 
 for a product or service, such as that shown on consumer credit reports and asset and 
income information from applications. Consumers also 
 have the option to direct banks and other financial institutions not to share 
information about transactions and experiences with affiliated 
 companies for the purpose of marketing products or services. 
 Impact of Monetary Policy 
 The monetary policy of the Federal Reserve has a significant effect on the operating 
results of financial or bank holding companies 
 and their subsidiaries. Among the tools available to the Federal Reserve to affect the money supply are open market transactions in 
U.S. 
 government securities, changes in the discount rate on member bank borrowings 
and changes in reserve requirements against member bank 
 deposits. These tools are used in varying combinations to influence overall growth and distribution 
of bank loans, investments and deposits, 
 and their use may affect interest rates charged on loans or paid on deposits. 
 Other Pending and Proposed Legislation 
 Other legislative and regulatory initiatives which could affect the Company, 
the Bank and the banking industry in general may be 
 proposed or introduced before the U.S. Congress, the Kansas Legislature and 
other governmental bodies in the future. Such proposals, if 
 enacted, may further alter the structure, regulation and competitive relationship 
among financial institutions, and may subject the Company 
 or the Bank to increased regulation, disclosure and reporting requirements. 
In addition, the various banking regulatory agencies often adopt 
 new rules and regulations to implement and enforce existing legislation. 
It cannot be predicted whether, or in what form, any such legislation 
 or regulations may be enacted or the extent to which the business of the Company 
or the Bank would be affected thereby. 
 Website Access to Company 
Reports 
 The Company s annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on 
Form 10-Q, current reports on Form 8-K, and all amendments to 
 those reports are available free of charge on the Company s website (investors.crossfirstbankshares.com) 
as soon as reasonably practicable 
 after such material is electronically filed with, or furnished to, the SEC. In addition, 
copies of the Company s annual report will be made 
 available, free of charge, upon written request. The Company does not intend for information 
contained in its website to be part of this annual 
 report on Form 10-K. 

Table of Contents 
 16 
 ITEM 1A. 
RISK FACTORS 
 In addition to the other information set forth in this report, you should carefully consider 
the following factors, which could materially 
 affect our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows in 
future periods. While we believe we have identified and 
 discussed below the key risk factors affecting our business, there may be additional 
risks and uncertainties not currently known to us or that 
 we currently deem to be immaterial that may adversely affect our business, financial 
condition, results of operations, cash flows or share 
 price in the future. 
 Risks Relating to Our Business and Market 
 A decline in general business and 
economic conditions and any regulatory responses to such conditions 
could have a 
 material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results 
of operations and growth prospects. 
 Our business and operations, which primarily consist of lending money 
to clients in the form of loans and borrowing money from 
 clients in the form of deposits, are sensitive to general economic conditions, 
particularly in Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Texas, 
Arizona, 
 Colorado and New Mexico. 
Unfavorable or uncertain economic and market conditions, including slowing 
or recessionary economic 
 conditions, may constrain our growth and profitability from our lending 
and deposit operations, lead to credit quality concerns related to 
 borrower repayment ability and collateral protection and reduce demand 
for the products and services we offer. Increases in inflation can 
 adversely 
affect the value of our investment securities, increase the costs of our business operations 
and adversely affect the ability of our 
 clients to repay their loans with us. The annual inflation rate in the United States has increased since 2021. 
Our business is also significantly 
 affected by monetary and other regulatory policies, which are influenced by 
macroeconomic conditions and other factors beyond our control. 
 The Federal Reserve Board has increased the target federal funds rate several 
times beginning in 2022. Uncertainty surrounding the federal 
 fiscal policymaking process, the medium and long-term fiscal outlook of 
the federal government and future tax rates are concerns for 
 businesses, consumers and investors. Adverse economic conditions and governmental policy responses to 
such conditions could have a 
 material adverse effect on our business, financial position, results of operations 
and growth prospects. 
 Our profitability depends on interest rates generally, and we may be adversely 
affected by changes in market interest rates. 
 Our profitability depends in substantial part on our net interest income, which 
depends on many factors that are partly or completely 
 outside of our control, including competition, economic conditions and 
monetary and fiscal policies. Since March 2022, in response to 
 inflation, the target range for the federal funds rate has been steadily increasing. 
As it seeks to control inflation without creating a recession, 
 the Federal Reserve has indicated further increases are expected. 
If the targeted federal funds rates are increased, overall interest rates will 
 likely continue to rise, which will positively impact our net interest income 
but may negatively impact our ability to originate loans and 
 deposits, reduce the carrying value of assets on our consolidated statements of 
financial position, reduce the value and marketability of loan 
 collateral and create higher payment burdens for our borrowers (which may 
increase potential for default). The ratio of variable- to fixed-rate 
 loans in our loan portfolio, the ratio of short-term (maturing at a given 
time within 12 months) to long-term loans and the ratio of our 
 demand, money market and savings deposits to certificates of deposit (and their 
time periods) are the primary factors affecting the sensitivity 
 of our net interest income to changes in market interest rates. Our ability 
to attract and maintain deposits, as well as our cost of funds, has 
 been and will continue to be significantly affected by general economic 
conditions. In addition, as market interest rates rise, we will continue 
 to have competitive pressure to increase the rates we pay on deposits. If we continue 
to increase interest rates paid to retain deposits, our 
 earnings may be adversely affected. Fluctuations in 
market rates and other market disruptions are neither predictable nor controllable 
and 
 may adversely affect our financial condition, earnings and results of operation 
s. Stockholders' equity, specifically accumulated other 
 comprehensive income (loss) ("AOCI"), is increased or decreased by the amount 
of change in the estimated fair value of our securities 
 available-for-sale, net of deferred income taxes. Increases in long term 
interest rates generally decrease the fair value of securities available-
 for-sale, which adversely impacts stockholders' equity. 
 We may not be able to implement aspects of our growth strategy, which 
may adversely affect our ability to maintain our 
 historical earnings trends. 
 We may not be able to sustain our growth at the rate we have enjoyed during 
the past several years, which has been driven primarily 
 by new market expansion, the strength of commercial and industrial and 
real estate lending in our market areas and our ability to identify and 
 attract high caliber experienced banking talent. A downturn in local economic market conditions, our failure to attract and retain high 
 performing personnel and the inability to attract core funding and quality 
lending clients, among other factors, could limit our ability to grow 
 at the rate we have in the past. Additionally, expenses may grow at a greater rate than revenues. Consequently, our historical results of 
 operations will not necessarily be indicative of our future operations. Any limitation on our ability to grow 
may have a negative effect on our 
 business, financial condition and results of operations. 

Table of Contents 
 17 
 We may not be able to manage the risks associated with our anticipated growth 
and expansion through de novo branching, 
 mergers and acquisitions, new lines of business, or new offerings 
of services, products or product enhancements. 
 If our business continues to grow as anticipated, we may become more susceptible 
to risks related to both general growth and specific 
 areas of growth. Generally, risks are associated with attempting to maintain 
effective financial and operational controls as we grow, such as 
 maintaining appropriate loan underwriting and credit monitoring 
procedures, maintaining an adequate allowance for loan losses, controlling 
 concentrations and complying with regulatory or accounting requirements. Such 
risks may result in, among other effects, increased loan 
 losses, reduced earnings, potential regulatory penalties and future restrictions 
on growth. We may also be exposed to certain risks associated 
 with the specific components of our growth strategy, as discussed in more detail 
below.
 Expansion through De Novo Branching
 : Our growth strategy includes evaluating opportunities to grow 
through de novo branching. 
 De novo branching carries with it certain potential risks, including 
significant startup costs and anticipated initial operating losses; an 
 inability to gain regulatory approval; an inability to hire or retain qualified 
senior management to successfully operate the branch and 
 integrate our corporate culture; challenges associated with securing attractive 
locations at a reasonable cost; poor market reception in 
 locations where we do not have a preexisting reputation; unfavorable 
local economic conditions; and the additional strain on management 
 resources and internal systems and controls. 

 Mergers and Acquisitions
 : As part of our growth strategy, we may continue to pursue mergers and acquisitions of banks and non-
 bank financial services companies within or outside our principal market 
areas. Mergers and acquisitions, including our recently completed 
 acquisition of Farmers Stockmens Bank, involve numerous risks associated 
with entry into new markets or locations; integration and 
 management of the combined entities; diversion of financial and management 
resources from existing operations; assumption of 
 unanticipated problems, such as non-performing loans and latent liabilities; unanticipated 
costs; and potential future impairments to goodwill 
 and other intangible assets. If we finance acquisitions by issuing convertible debt 
or equity securities, our existing stockholders may be 
 diluted, which could affect the market price of our common stock. As a condition to receiving regulatory approval, we may 
also be required 
 to sell banking locations, which may not be preferable or may reduce the benefit 
of the acquisition. The failure to obtain these regulatory 
 approvals could impact our business plans and restrict our growth. 

 New Lines of Business, Services, Products or Product Enhancements
 : From time to time, we may implement or acquire new lines 
 of business or offer new services, products or product enhancements. There are 
substantial risks and uncertainties associated with developing, 
 implementing and marketing such offerings, including significant investment 
of financial and other resources, inability to accurately estimate 
 price and profitability targets, failure to realize expected benefits, regulatory 
compliance and shifting market preferences. 

 Failure to adequately manage any of the preceding risks could have an adverse effect 
on our business, financial condition and results 
 of operations. 
 Phase-out of the London Inter-Bank Offered Rate LIBOR and uncertainty 
relating to alternative reference rates may 
 adversely affect our results of operations. 
 LIBOR is used extensively as a reference rate for various financial contracts, 
including adjustable-rate loans, asset-backed securities 
 and interest rate swaps. In July 2017, the United Kingdom's Financial Conduct Authority, which regulates LIBOR, announced 
that it intends 
 to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit LIBOR rates after 2021, 
which date was later extended to June 30, 2023. Accordingly, 
 continuation of LIBOR cannot be guaranteed after June 30, 2023 and alternative 
reference rates must be established. Regulators, industry 
 groups and certain committees (e.g., the Alternative Reference Rates Committee) have, among other things, 
published recommended fallback 
 language for LIBOR-linked financial instruments, identified recommended 
alternatives for certain LIBOR rates (e.g., the Secured Overnight 
 Financing Rate SOFR as the recommended alternative to U.S. Dollar 
LIBOR), and proposed implementations of the recommended 
 alternatives in floating rate instruments. Management continues to 
evaluate the impact of this transition as it relates to new and existing 
 contracts and clients and has included fallback language in new loan documents 
since 2017. Starting in 2021, we no longer use LIBOR on 
 new loans. 

Uncertainty as to the nature and effect of such reforms 
and actions may adversely affect our financial condition or results of 
 operations, including the value of, return on and trading market for our 
financial assets and liabilities that are based on or are linked to 
 benchmarks, including any LIBOR-based securities, loans and derivatives. 
Furthermore, there can be no assurances that we and other market 
 participants will be adequately prepared for an actual discontinuation 
of benchmarks, including LIBOR, that may have an unpredictable 
 impact on contractual mechanics (including, but not limited to, interest rates 
to be paid to or by us), which may also result in adversely 
 affecting our financial condition or results of operations. 
Such transition may also result in litigation with counterparties impacted by 
the 
 transition as well as increased regulatory scrutiny and other adverse 
consequences. In addition, any replacement benchmark ultimately 
 adopted as a substitute for LIBOR, including SOFR, may behave differently 
than LIBOR in a manner detrimental to our financial 
 performance. At December 31, 2022, 0.7 billion of our loans were tied to 
LIBOR.

Table of Contents 
 18 
 The fair value of our investment securities can fluctuate due to factors 
outside of our control. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, the fair value of our investment securities 
portfolio was approximately 687 million, 
 746 million and 655 million, respectively. Factors beyond our 
control can significantly influence the fair value of securities in our portfolio 
 and may cause potential adverse changes to the fair value of these securities. These factors include, 
but are not limited to, rating agency 
 actions, defaults by the issuer or with respect to the underlying securities, changes 
in market interest rates and instability in the capital 
 markets. In addition, our inability to accurately predict the future performance 
of an issuer or to efficiently respond to changing market 
 conditions could result in a decline in the value of our investment securities portfolio. 
These and other factors could cause realized or 
 unrealized losses in future periods and declines in other comprehensive 
income and the value of our common stock, any of which could 
 materially and adversely affect our business, results of operations, financial 
condition and prospects. 

 Our business is highly susceptible to credit risk. 
 There are risks inherent in making any loan, including risks inherent in dealing 
with individual borrowers, risks of non-payment, risks 
 resulting from uncertainties as to the future value of collateral and risks resulting from 
changes in economic and industry conditions. There is 
 no assurance that our loan approval and credit risk monitoring procedures 
are or will be adequate to reduce the inherent risks associated with 
 lending. Our credit administration personnel and our policies and procedures 
may not adequately adapt to changes in economic or any other 
 conditions affecting clients and the quality of our loan portfolio. 
Similarly, we have credit risk embedded 
in our securities portfolio. 
Adverse 
 credit factors could result in higher delinquencies and greater charge 
-offs or losses in future periods which could materially and 
adversely 
 impact us. 

 We have credit exposure to the energy industry. 
 We have credit exposure to the energy industry in each of our primary markets and 
across the United States. A 
downturn or lack of 
 growth in the energy industry and energy-related business could adversely 
affect our clients which may lead to higher delinquencies and 
 greater charge-offs in future periods. Prolonged or further pricing 
pressure on oil and gas could lead to increased credit stress in our energy 
 portfolio, increased losses associated with our energy portfolio, increased 
utilization of our contractual obligations to extend credit and 
 weaker demand for energy lending. Such a decline or general uncertainty resulting 
from continued volatility could have other adverse 
 impacts that are difficult to isolate or quantify, all of which could have a material 
adverse effect on us. Additionally, to the extent that climate 
 change and responses to climate change negatively impact the businesses and 
financial condition of our clients in the energy industry, the 
 credit risk associated with loans and other credit exposures to those clients may 
increase. 
 A concentration in commercial real 
estate lending could cause our regulators to restrict our ability to 
grow. 
 As a part of their regulatory oversight, the federal regulators have issued guidance 
on Concentrations in Commercial Real Estate 
 Lending, Sound Risk Management Practices (the CRE Concentration Guidance 
with respect to a financial institution s concentrations in 
 CRE lending activities. Such guidance identifies certain concentration 
levels that, if exceeded, will expose an institution to additional 
 supervisory analysis 
The guidelines identify the following as preliminary indications of possible CRE 
concentration risk: (i) the institution s 
 total construction, land development and other land loans represent 100 or 
more of total capital and reserves; or (ii) total CRE loans as 
 defined in the guidance, or Regulatory CRE, represent 300 or more of the institution 
s 
total capital and reserves and the institution s 
 Regulatory CRE has increased by 50 or more during the prior 36-month period. We believe 
that the CRE Concentration Guidance is 
 applicable to us. Our CRE portfolio was 318 
of total capital and reserves at December 31, 2022. The FDIC or other federal regulators may 
 become concerned about our CRE loan portfolio and they could limit our ability 
to grow by restricting approvals of new branches and other 
 growth opportunities or by requiring us to raise additional capital, reduce our 
loan concentrations or undertake other remedial actions. 
 Many of our loans are to commercial borrowers, which have a higher 
degree of risk than other types of loans. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 87 of our loan portfolio 
related to commercial-based lending. Commercial purpose loans 
 are often larger and involve greater risks than other types of lending. Repayment 
of these loans often depends on the successful operation or 
 development of the property or business involved and are highly sensitive to 
adverse conditions in the real estate market or the industry in 
 which the business operates or the general economy. Accordingly, a downturn in the real estate market or other industry 
in which the business 
 operates or the general economy could impair the borrowers ability to repay and heightens our risk related to commercial purpose 
loans, 
 particularly CRE loans. Losses incurred on a small number of commercial 
purpose loans could have a material adverse impact on our 
 financial condition and results of operations due to the larger-than-average 
size of each commercial purpose loan and collateral that is 
 generally less readily-marketable. 

Table of Contents 
 19 
 Because a portion of our loan portfolio is comprised of real estate 
loans, negative changes in the economy affecting real 
 estate values could impair the value of collateral securing our real 
estate loans and result in loan and other losses. 
 Adverse changes affecting real estate values or operating cash flows of 
real estate, particularly in the markets in which we operate, 
 could increase the credit risk associated with our loan portfolio and could 
result in losses that adversely affect credit quality and our financial 
 condition and results of operation. Market value of real estate can fluctuate 
significantly in a short period of time. Negative changes in the 
 economy affecting real estate values or operating cash flows in our market 
areas could significantly impair the value and marketability of 
 property pledged loan collateral and may require us to increase our allowance 
for loan losses, any of which could have a material adverse 
 impact on our business, results of operations and growth prospects. 
 Our largest loan relationships make up a significant percentage of 
our total loan portfolio. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our 25 largest borrowing relationships totaled approximately 
 1.9 billion in total commitments 
 (representing, in the aggregate, 24 of our total outstanding commitments 
as of December 31, 2022). Our five largest borrowing 
 relationships, based on total commitments, accounted for 9 of total commitments 
as of December 31, 2022. This concentration of 
 borrowers may expose us to material losses if one or more of these relationships 
becomes delinquent or suffers default. The allowance for 
 loan losses may not be adequate to cover such losses and any loss or increase in the allowance 
would negatively affect our earnings and 
 capital. Even if these loans are adequately collateralized, an increase in classified 
assets could harm our reputation with our regulators and 
 inhibit our ability to execute our business plan. 
 A portion of our loan portfolio 
is comprised of participation and syndicated transaction interests, which 
could have an 
 adverse effect on our ability to monitor the lending relationships and lead 
to an increased risk of loss. 
 As of December 31, 2022, we had 68 million of purchased loan participations 
from other financial institutions and a combination of 
 shared national credits and syndication interests purchased totaling 440 
million. Although we comply with our general underwriting criteria 
 on these loan participations and syndicated loans, these loans may have 
a higher risk of loss than loans we originate and administer. 
In such 
 transactions in which we are not the lead lender, we rely in part on the lead lender or 
the agent, as the case may be, to monitor the 
 performance of the loan and provide information that we use to classify the loan and 
associated loan loss provisions. If our underwriting or 
 monitoring of these loans is not sufficient, our non-performing loans may increase 
and our earnings may decrease. 

 Our levels of non-performing assets could increase, which would adversely 
affect our results of operations and financial 
 condition and could result in losses in the future. 
 As of December 31, 2022, our non-performing loans (which consist of non-accrual 
loans, loans past due 90 days or more and still 
 accruing interest and loans modified under troubled debt restructurings that are 
not performing in accordance with their modified terms) 
 totaled 12 million and our non-performing assets (which include 
non-performing loans plus other real estate owned) totaled 13 million. 
 However, we can give no assurance that our non-performing assets will continue 
to remain at these levels and we may experience increases 
 in non-performing assets in the future. Non-performing assets adversely 
affect our management resources, net income, risk profile and 
 capital maintenance levels, efficiency ratio and returns on assets and equity, any 
of which may adversely affect us. 
 Our allowance may not be adequate to cover actual credit losses on 
loans. 
 A significant source of risk arises from the possibility that we could sustain losses due to loan defaults and non-performance on 
loans. 
 We maintain an allowance in accordance with GAAP to provide for such defaults and other non-performance. The amount of 
future losses is 
 susceptible to changes in economic, operating and other conditions, including 
changes in interest rates and inflationary or recessionary 
 trends, 
many of which are beyond our control. We early adopted the Current Expected Credit Losses CECL model on January 1, 2022; 
 under CECL, we are required to use historical information, current conditions 
and reasonable forecasts to estimate the expected loss over the 
 life of the loan. Our underwriting policies, adherence to credit monitoring processes and 
risk management systems and controls may not 
 prevent unexpected losses. Our allowance may not be adequate to cover 
actual loan losses. Moreover, any increase in our allowance will 
 adversely affect our net income and regulatory capital. 
 We rely on our senior management team and may have difficulty 
identifying, attracting and retaining necessary personnel, 
 which may divert resources and limit our ability to execute our business 
strategy and successfully grow our business. 
 Our continued growth and successful operation of our business depends, 
in large part, on our ability to hire and retain highly qualified 
 and motivated personnel at every level. Our senior management team has 
significant industry experience, 
and their knowledge and 
 relationships would be difficult to replace in the event of departure or retirement 
. 
We must also hire and retain qualified banking personnel to 
 continue to grow our business. Competition for skilled personnel in 
the financial services and banking industry is significant and costs 
 associated with incenting and retaining skilled personnel may be material 
and continue to increase. If we are unable to hire and retain 

Table of Contents 
 20 
 qualified personnel or successfully address management succession issues, we may 
be unable to successfully execute our business strategy 
 and manage our growth, which could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We rely on short-term funding, which can be adversely affected by local and 
general economic conditions. 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 
 5 billion, or 83 , of our deposits consisted of demand, savings, money market and 
 transaction accounts (including negotiable order of withdrawal accounts). The 
approximately 1 billion remaining balance of deposits 
 consisted of certificates of deposit, of which approximately 589 million, or 
10 of our total deposits, was due to mature within one year. 
 Based on our experience, we believe that our savings, money market and 
non-interest-bearing accounts are relatively stable sources of funds. 
 Our ability to attract and maintain deposits, as well as our cost of funds, has been 
and will continue to be significantly affected by general 
 economic conditions. In addition, as market interest rates rise, we will continue 
to have competitive pressure to increase the rates we pay on 
 deposits. If we continue to increase interest rates paid to retain deposits, our earnings 
may be adversely affected. 
 Our largest deposit relationships currently make up a significant percentage 
of our deposits and the withdrawal of deposits 
 by our largest depositors could force us to fund our business through 
more expensive and less stable sources. 
 At December 31, 2022, our 25 largest depositors accounted for 25 of our total 
deposits and our five largest depositors accounted for 
 12 of our total deposits. Withdrawals of deposits by any one of our largest depositors 
or by one of our related client groups could force us 
 to rely more heavily on borrowings and other sources of funding to meet business and 
withdrawal demands, adversely affecting our net 
 interest margin and results of operations. Such circumstances may require 
us raise deposit rates to attract new deposits and rely more heavily 
 on other funding sources that could be more expensive and less stable. Under applicable 
regulations, if the Company was no longer well-
 capitalized, we would be required to obtain FDIC approval to accept 
brokered deposits and could also be subject to a deposit rate cap 
 prohibiting us from paying in excess of 75 basis points above national deposit rates. 
 Liquidity risk could impair our ability to fund operations and meet our 
obligations as they become due and failure to 
 maintain sufficient liquidity could materially adversely affect our growth, 
business, profitability and financial condition. 
 Liquidity is essential to our business, sufficient levels of which are required to 
fund asset growth, serve client demand for loans, pay 
 our debt obligations and meet other cash commitments. Liquidity risk is the potential 
that we will be unable to meet our obligations as they 
 come due because of an inability to liquidate assets or obtain adequate 
funding without adverse conditions or consequences. Liquidity risk 
 can increase due to a number of factors, including an over-reliance on a particular 
source of funding, market-wide phenomena such as market 
 dislocation and major disasters and a high concentration of large depositors 
. 
The Bank s primary funding source is client deposits. Other 
 sources of funding may include advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank FHLB ), 
the Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City FRB 
 and our acquisition of brokered deposits, internet subscription certificates of deposit 
and reciprocal deposits through the Intrafi Network. 
 Although the Bank has historically been able to replace maturing deposits 
and advances as necessary, it might not be able to replace such 
 funds in the future. An inability to raise funds through deposits, borrowings, the sale of loans, securities and other sources could 
have a 
 substantial negative effect on liquidity. Any substantial, unexpected or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity 
could have a material 
 adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations and could 
impair our ability to fund operations and meet our obligations as 
 they become due and could jeopardize our financial condition. 

 We may not be able to maintain sufficient capital in the future, which 
may adversely affect our financial condition, liquidity, 
 results of operations and our ability to maintain regulatory compliance. 
 Our business strategy calls for continued growth. We may need to raise additional capital 
in the future to support our continued 
 growth and to maintain our required regulatory capital levels. Our ability 
to raise additional capital depends on conditions in the capital 
 markets, economic conditions and a number of other factors, including investor 
perceptions regarding the banking industry, market 
 conditions and governmental activities, our financial condition and performance 
and competition with other financial institutions for capital 
 sources. We cannot guarantee that we will be able to raise additional capital in the future 
on acceptable terms, which may adversely affect our 
 liquidity, growth strategy, financial condition and results of operations. 
 We face strong competition from banks, credit unions, financial 
technology or Fintech companies and other financial 
 services providers that offer banking services, which may limit our ability 
to attract and retain banking clients. 
 Competition in the banking industry generally, and in our primary markets 
specifically, is intense. Competitors include banks and 
 other financial services providers, such as savings and loan institutions, brokerage 
firms, credit unions, mortgage banks and other financial 
 intermediaries. In particular, we compete with larger national and regional 
financial institutions, whose greater resources afford them many 
 competitive advantages. 
Such resources may enable our competitors to achieve larger economies of 
scale; offer more services; spend more 
 on advertising and technological investments; offer better lending rates to 
clients; better diversify their loan portfolio; and have less 
 vulnerability to downturns in local economies and real estate markets. 
If we are unable to offer competitive products and services as quickly 
 as our larger competitors, our business may be negatively affected. We also compete 
against community banks, credit unions and nonbank 

Table of Contents 
 21 
 financial services companies with strong local ties to small- and 
medium-sized businesses that we target, and we may be unable to attract and 
 retain such clients as effectively as these smaller competitors. 
Additionally, we face growing competition from so-called online 
businesses 
 with few or no physical locations, including financial technology companies, 
online banks, lenders and consumer and commercial 
lending 
 platforms and automated retirement and investment service providers 
. 
New technology and other changes increasingly allow parties to 
 effectuate online financial transactions with little to no involvement from 
banks, including bill payment, funds transfers and maintenance of 
 funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have historically been 
held as bank deposits. 
The process of eliminating banks as 
 intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could reduce our 
income from fees and deposits. Ultimately, we may be unable to compete 
 successfully against current and future competitors, which may reduce 
our revenue stream and prevent us from growing our loan and deposit 
 portfolios, any of which may adversely affect our results of operations and financia 
l 
condition. 

 Our risk management framework may not be effective in mitigating 
risks or losses to us, and we may incur losses due to 
 ineffective risk management processes and strategies. 
 Our risk management framework is comprised of various processes, systems and 
strategies designed to manage our risk exposure, 
 including credit, liquidity, interest rate, price, operational, reputation, 
strategic and compliance risks. Our framework also includes financial 
 or other modeling methodologies that involve highly subjective management 
assumptions and judgment. Our risk management framework 
 may not be effective under all circumstances and may not adequately mitigate 
risks or losses, which could result in adverse regulatory 
 consequences and unexpected losses and our business, financial condition, 
results of operations or growth prospects could be materially and 
 adversely 
affected. We may also be subject to potentially adverse regulatory consequences. 
 We are required to make significant judgments, assumptions and 
estimates in the preparation of our financial statements and 
 our judgments, assumptions and estimates may not be accurate. 
 The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures in conformity 
with GAAP requires us to make judgments, assumptions 
 and estimates that affect the amounts reported in our consolidated financial 
statements and accompanying notes. Our critical accounting 
 policies and estimates, which are included in the section captioned Management s 
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and 
 Results of Operations, describe those significant accounting policies and 
estimates used in the preparation of our consolidated financial 
 statements that we consider critical because they require judgments, 
assumptions and estimates that materially affect our consolidated 
 financial statements and related disclosures. As a result, if future events or regulatory views concerning such analysis differ 
significantly 
 from the judgments, assumptions and estimates in our critical accounting 
policies and estimates, those events or regulatory views could have 
 a material impact on our consolidated financial statements and related disclosures, 
in each case resulting in our need to revise or restate prior 
 period financial statements, cause damage to our reputation and the price 
of our common stock and adversely affect our business, financial 
 condition and results of operations. 
 If we fail to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting, 
we may not be able to report accurate and timely 
 financial results, which may cause material harm to our business. 
 Our management team is responsible for establishing and maintaining 
adequate internal control over financial reporting and for 
 evaluating and reporting on that system of internal control. Our internal 
control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide 
 reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting 
and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in 
 accordance with GAAP. As a public company, we are required to comply with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act and other rules that govern public 
 companies. Unless we remain an emerging growth company, our independent 
registered public accounting firm may be required to provide 
 an attestation report on the effectiveness of our internal control over financial reporting. We will continue 
to periodically test and update, as 
 necessary, our internal control systems, including our financial reporting 
controls. Our actions, however, may not be sufficient to result in an 
 effective internal control environment, 
and any future failure to maintain effective internal control over financial reporting could 
impair the 
 reliability of our financial statements which in turn could harm our business, impair 
investor confidence in the accuracy and completeness of 
 our financial reports and our access to the capital markets, cause the price of 
our common stock to decline and subject us to regulatory 
 penalties. 
 Failure to keep pace with technological change could adversely affect 
our business. 
 Advances and changes in technology could significantly affect our business, financial 
condition, results of operations and future 
 prospects. The financial services industry is continually undergoing rapid technological 
change with frequent introductions of new 
 technology-driven products and services. Failure to successfully keep pace 
with technological change affecting our industry could harm our 
 ability to compete effectively. Many of our competitors have substantially 
greater resources to invest in technological improvements. We face 
 many challenges, including the increased demand to provide clients electronic 
access to their accounts and the cost and implementation of 
 systems to perform electronic banking transactions. Our ability to compete 
depends on our ability to continue to adapt technology on a timely 
 and cost-effective basis to meet these demands. We may not be able to effectively or timely 
implement new technology-driven products and 
 services or be successful in marketing these products and services to our clients. As these technologies are improved 
in the future, we may be 

Table of Contents 
 22 
 required to make significant capital expenditures in order to remain competitive, 
which may increase our overall expenses and have a 
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows. 
 We are exposed to cybersecurity threats and potential security breaches 
and our efforts to minimize or respond to such 
 threats may not be effective to prevent significant harm to the Company. 
 We conduct a portion of our business over the Internet. We rely heavily upon data processing, 
software, communications and 
 information systems from a number of third parties to conduct our business. Our 
business involves the storage and transmission of clients 
 proprietary information and security breaches could expose us to the risk 
of loss or misuse of such information, litigation and potential 
 liability. Our operations are vulnerable to disruptions from human 
error, natural disasters, power loss, computer viruses, spam attacks, denial 
 of service attacks, unauthorized access and other unforeseen events. 
Undiscovered data corruption could render our client information 
 inaccurate. Third-party or internal systems and networks may fail to operate 
properly or become disabled due to deliberate attacks or 
 unintentional events. Security breaches and cyberattacks 
may cause significant increases in operating costs, including the costs of 
 compensating clients for any resulting losses they may incur and the 
costs and capital expenditures required to correct the deficiencies in and 
 strengthen the security of data processing and storage systems. 

 While we believe we are in compliance with all applicable privacy and data security 
laws, an incident could put our client s 
 confidential information at risk and expose us to significant liability. We 
have been the target of data and cyber security attacks and 
may 
 experience attacks in the future. While we have not experienced a material cyber-incident 
or security breach that has been successful in 
 compromising our data or systems to date, we can never be certain that all of our 
systems are entirely free from vulnerability to breaches of 
 security or other technological difficulties or failures. The 
perpetual evolution of known cyber-threats requires us to devote significant 
 resources to maintain, regularly update and backup our data security 
systems and processes, as we may not be able to anticipate, or 
 effectively implement preventative measures against, all cyber-attacks. A security breach or other cyber-incident could have an adverse 
 impact on, among other things, our revenue, ability to attract and maintain 
clients and our reputation. In addition, a security breach could also 
 subject us to additional regulatory scrutiny and expose us to civil litigation and 
possible financial liability, all of which could have a material 
 adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, 
system availability and operational support. 
 We rely on client, counterparty and third-party information, which subjects 
us to risks if that information is not accurate or 
 is incomplete. 
 In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions with clients and 
counterparties, we rely on information furnished 
 to us by or on behalf of clients and counterparties, including financial statements and 
other financial information. We also rely on 
 representations of clients and counterparties as to the accuracy and completeness 
of that information and, with respect to financial statements, 
 on reports of independent auditors. While we have a practice of seeking to independently verify 
client information that we use in deciding 
 whether to extend credit or to agree to a loan modification, including employment, 
assets, income and credit score, not all client information 
 is independently verified and if any of the information that is independently 
verified (or any other information considered in the loan review 
 process) is misrepresented and such misrepresentation is not detected prior 
to loan funding, the value of the loan may be significantly lower 
 than expected. Whether a misrepresentation is made by the applicant, another third party 
or one of our employees, we generally bear the risk 
 of loss associated with the misrepresentation. We may not detect all misrepresented information 
in our approval process. Any such 
 misrepresented information could adversely affect our business, financial condition 
and results of operations. 
 We are subject to certain operating risks related to employee error and 
client, employee and third-party misconduct, which 
 could harm our reputation and business. 
 Employee error or employee and client misconduct could subject us to financial 
losses or regulatory sanctions and seriously harm our 
 reputation. Misconduct by our employees could include hiding unauthorized 
activities from us, improper or unauthorized activities on behalf 
 of our clients or improper use of confidential information. It is not always possible to 
prevent employee error or misconduct and the 
 precautions we take to prevent and detect this activity may not be effective in 
all cases. Because the nature of the financial services business 
 involves a high volume of transactions, certain errors may be repeated 
or compounded before they are discovered and successfully rectified. 
 Our necessary dependence upon processing systems to record and process 
transactions and our large transaction volume may further increase 
 the risk that employee errors, tampering or manipulation of those systems will result in losses 
that are difficult to detect. Employee error or 
 misconduct could also subject us to financial claims. If our internal control 
systems fail to prevent or detect an occurrence, it could have a 
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

 Fraudulent activity could damage our reputation, disrupt our businesses, 
increase our costs and cause losses. 

 As a financial institution, we are inherently exposed to operational risk in the form of 
theft and other fraudulent activity by employees, 
 clients and other third parties targeting us and our clients or data. Such activity 
may take many forms, including check fraud, electronic fraud, 
 wire fraud, phishing, social engineering and other dishonest acts. Although the Company devotes substantial resources 
to maintaining 
 effective policies and internal controls to identify and prevent such incidents, 
given the increasing sophistication of possible perpetrators, the 

Table of Contents 
 23 
 Company may experience financial losses or reputational harm as a result of 
fraud. In addition, we may be required to make significant 
 capital expenditures in order to modify and enhance our protective measures or 
to investigate and remediate fraudulent activity. Although we 
 have not experienced any material business or reputational harm as a result of fraudulent 
activities in the past, the occurrence of fraudulent 
 activity could damage our reputation, disrupt our business, increase 
our costs and cause losses in the future. 
 Our operations could be interrupted if our third-party service providers 
experience difficulty, terminate their services or fail 
 to comply with banking regulations. 
 We depend, to a significant extent, on a number of relationships with third-party 
service providers. Specifically, we receive core 
 systems processing, essential web hosting and other internet systems, loan 
and deposit processing and other processing services from third-
 party service providers. If these third-party service providers experience 
financial, operational or technological difficulties or terminate their 
 services and we are unable to replace them with other service providers, 
our operations could be interrupted. If an interruption were to 
 continue for a significant period of time, our business, financial condition 
and results of operations could be adversely affected, perhaps 
 materially. Even if we are able to replace our service providers, it may be at a higher 
cost to us, which could adversely affect our business, 
 financial condition and results of operations. 
 We follow a relationship-based operating model and negative public opinion 
could damage our reputation and adversely 
 impact our earnings. 
 Reputation risk, or the risk to our business, earnings and capital from negative 
public opinion, is inherent in our business. Negative 
 public opinion can result from our actual or alleged conduct in any number 
of activities, including lending practices, corporate governance, 
 acquisitions, and from actions taken by government regulators and community 
organizations in response to those activities. Negative public 
 opinion can adversely affect our ability to keep and attract clients and employees 
and can expose us to litigation and regulatory action and 
 adversely affect our results of operations. Although we take steps to minimize reputation risk in dealing with our 
clients and communities, 
 this risk will always be present given the nature of our business. 
 If third parties infringe upon our intellectual property or if we were 
to infringe upon the intellectual property of third parties, 
 we may expend significant resources enforcing or defending our rights or 
suffer competitive injury. 
 We rely on a combination of copyright, trademark, trade secret laws and confidentiality 
provisions to establish and protect our 
 intellectual property rights. If we fail to successfully maintain, protect and 
enforce our intellectual property rights, our competitive position 
 could suffer. Similarly, if we were to infringe on the intellectual property rights of 
others, our competitive position could suffer. Third parties 
 may challenge, invalidate, circumvent, infringe or misappropriate our 
intellectual property, or such intellectual property may not be sufficient 
 to permit us to take advantage of current market trends or otherwise to provide 
competitive advantages, which could result in costly redesign 
 efforts, discontinuance of certain product or service offerings or other 
competitive harm. 
 We may also be required to spend significant resources to monitor and police our 
intellectual property rights. Some of our competitors 
 may independently develop similar technology, duplicate our products 
or services or design around our intellectual property and in such 
 cases we may not be able to assert our intellectual property rights against such parties. 
Further, our contractual arrangements may not 
 effectively prevent disclosure of our confidential information or provide 
an adequate remedy in the event of unauthorized disclosure of our 
 confidential or proprietary information. We may have to litigate to enforce or determine 
the scope and enforceability of our intellectual 
 property rights, trade secrets and know-how, which could be time-consuming 
and expensive, could cause a diversion of resources and may 
 not prove successful. The loss of intellectual property protection or the inability 
to obtain rights with respect to third-party intellectual 
 property could harm our business and ability to compete. In addition, because 
of the rapid pace of technological change in our industry, 
 aspects of our business and our products and services rely on technologies developed 
or licensed by third parties and we may not be able to 
 obtain or continue to obtain licenses and technologies from these third parties on reasonable 
terms or at all. 

 We may be exposed to risk of environmental liabilities or failure to comply with 
regulatory requirements with respect to 
 properties to which we take title. 
 In the course of our business, we may foreclose and take title to real estate and 
these properties could subject us to environmental 
 liabilities and other federal, state or local regulatory requirements, such as the Americans with Disabilities Act. We do not know whether 
 existing requirements will change or whether compliance with future requirements 
will involve significant expenditures. We may be held 
 liable to a governmental entity or to third parties for property damage, personal 
injury, investigation and clean-up costs incurred by these 
 parties in connection with environmental contamination, or we may be 
required to investigate or clean up hazardous or toxic substances, or 
 chemical releases at a property. The costs associated with these investigation or remediation 
activities could be substantial. In addition, if we 
 are the owner or former owner of a contaminated site, we may be subject to claims and 
damages from third parties related to environmental 
 contamination emanating from the property. In addition, we could be 
required to cure deficiencies with local building codes, requirements 
 under the Americans with Disabilities Act, or other federal, state or local property regulation requirements. If we ever become subject to 

Table of Contents 
 24 
 significant environmental liabilities or costs or fail to comply with regulatory requirements 
with respect to these properties, our business, 
 financial condition, liquidity and results of operations could be materially 
and adversely affected. 
 The costs and effects of litigation, regulatory actions, investigations 
or similar matters, or adverse facts and developments 
 related thereto, could materially affect our business, operating results 
and financial condition. 
 We may be involved from time to time in a variety of litigation, investigations or 
similar matters arising out of our business. It is 
 inherently difficult to assess the outcome of these matters and we may 
not prevail in proceedings or litigation. Insurance may not cover all 
 such claims or losses, our indemnification rights may not be honored and 
we may suffer damage to our reputation, regardless of the merit or 
 eventual outcome of a claim. The ultimate judgments or settlements in any litigation or investigation 
could have a material adverse effect on 
 our business, financial condition and results of operations. In addition, 
premiums for insurance covering the financial and banking sectors 
are 
 rising. We may not be able to obtain appropriate types or levels of insurance in the future, nor may 
we be able to obtain adequate replacement 
 policies with acceptable terms or at historic rates, if at all. 
 We also participated in the Paycheck Protection Program, or PPP, a government 
lending program implemented to aid individuals and 
 businesses in connection with the COVID-19 pandemic. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 500 million 
have been forgiven by the 
 Small Business Administration, and we continued to hold PPP loans receivable of 3 million. We have credit risk on PPP loans if a 
 determination is made by the Small Business Administration that there is a deficiency in the manner in which a PPP loan was originated, 
 funded, or serviced by us, such as an issue with the eligibility of a borrower to receive 
a PPP loan. Since the inception of the PPP, many 
 banks have been subject to litigation related to agent fees and application processing. 
We and other banks may also be subject to the risk of 
 litigation in connection with other aspects of the PPP, including but not 
limited to borrowers seeking forgiveness of their loans. As a result of 
 our ongoing and future participation in the PPP and similar government stimulus and relief programs, we may 
experience losses arising from 
 fraud, litigation or regulatory action. 
 Financial counterparties expose the Company to risks. 
 We maintain correspondent bank relationships, manage certain loan 
participations, engage in securities transactions and engage in 
 other activities with financial counterparties that are customary to our 
industry. Many of these transactions expose us to counterparty credit, 
 liquidity and/or reputational risk in the event of default by the counterparty, 
negative publicity and complaints about the counterparty or the 
 financial services industry in general. Although we seek to manage these risks through internal controls and procedures, 
we may experience 
 loss or interruption of business, damage to our reputation, or incur additional 
costs or liabilities as a result of unforeseen events with these 
 counterparties. Any financial cost, liability or reputational damage could have a material adverse effect on our 
business, which in turn, could 
 have a material adverse effect on our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Severe weather, natural disasters, pandemics and other external events could 
significantly impact our business. 
 Severe weather, including tornadoes, droughts and hailstorms, as well as wildfires 
and other natural disasters, pandemics, acts of war 
 or terrorism and other adverse external events could have a significant impact on 
our ability to conduct business. Such events could affect the 
 stability of our deposit base, impair the ability of borrowers to repay outstanding 
loans, impair the value of collateral securing loans, cause 
 significant property damage, result in loss of revenue or cause us to incur additional 
expenses. Operations in our markets could be disrupted 
 by both the evacuation of large portions of the population as well as damage or 
lack of access to our banking and operation facilities. Military 
 and political conflicts, including the current military conflict between Russia and 
Ukraine, may increase volatility in commodity and energy 
 prices, create supply chain issues and cause instability in financial markets, which 
may adversely affect us and our clients. Other severe 
 weather or natural disasters, pandemics, acts of war or terrorism or other adverse 
external events may occur in the future. Although 
 management has established business continuity plans and procedures, the 
occurrence of any such events could have a material adverse effect 
 on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 The further spread of COVID-19 and its variants may adversely impact our 
business, financial condition and results of 
 operations in the short-term and for the foreseeable future. 
 The COVID-19 pandemic caused significant disruption to economic 
activity and financial markets and adversely impacted our 
 business, financial condition and results of operations. Given the ongoing 
and dynamic nature of COVID-19 and its variants, the ultimate 
 effects on the broader economy and the markets in which we serve continue to be uncertain 
and difficult to predict. Future impacts to our 
 business and clients could be widespread and material, such as increased unemployment, 
continued supply-chain interruptions, declines in 
 demand for loans and other banking services and products, reduction 
in business activity and financial transactions, increased commercial 
 property vacancy rates, declines in the value of loan collateral, including energy 
and real-estate collateral, declines in the credit quality of our 
 loan portfolio, volatile performance of our investment securities portfolio, 
and overall economic and financial market instability. In addition, 
 actions taken by governmental and regulatory authorities in response to the 
pandemic have impacted, and may continue to impact, the 
 banking and financial services industries. Additional regulation may be enacted in the future that could further 
impact our business. 

Table of Contents 
 25 
 Risks Relating to Our Regulatory Environment 
 We are subject to extensive regulation, which increases the cost and 
expense of compliance and could limit or restrict our 
 activities, which in turn may adversely impact our earnings and ability 
to grow. 
 We operate in a highly regulated environment and are subject to regulation, 
supervision and examination by a number of governmental 
 regulatory agencies, including, with respect to the Bank, the FDIC and the 
OSBCK and, with respect to the Company, the Federal Reserve. 
 Regulations adopted by these agencies govern a comprehensive range of 
matters relating to ownership and control of our shares, our 
 acquisition of other companies and businesses, permissible activities for 
us to engage in, maintenance of adequate capital levels, dividend 
 payments and other aspects of our operations. Bank regulators possess broad authority 
to prevent or remedy unsafe or unsound practices or 
 violations of law. If, as a result of an examination, a banking agency determines 
that an aspect of our operations is unsatisfactory, or that we 
 are, or our management is, in violation of any law or regulation, they may 
take a number of different remedial actions as they deem 
 appropriate. These actions include the power to enjoin unsafe or unsound practices, to require affirmative action to correct any conditions 
 resulting from any violation or practice, to issue an administrative order that 
can be judicially enforced, to direct an increase in our capital, to 
 restrict our growth, to assess civil money penalties against us or our officers or directors, 
to fine or remove officers and directors and, if it is 
 concluded that such conditions cannot be corrected or there is an imminent 
risk of loss to depositors, to terminate the Bank s FDIC deposit 
 insurance and place the Bank into receivership or conservatorship. Any regulatory action against us could 
have a material adverse effect on 
 our business, financial condition and results of operations. 
 Government policy, legislation and regulation, particularly monetary 
policy from the Federal Reserve, significantly affect economic 
 growth and financial operations, including our distribution of credit, bank 
loans, investments, deposits, product offerings and disclosures, 
 interest rates and bankruptcy proceedings for consumer residential real 
estate mortgages. The laws and regulations applicable to the banking 
 industry could change at any time and we cannot predict the effects of these changes 
on our business, profitability or growth strategy. 
 Increased regulation could increase our cost of compliance, adversely 
affect profitability and inhibit our ability to conduct business consistent 
 with historical performance. If we do not comply with governmental regulations, 
we may be subject to fines, penalties, lawsuits or material 
 restrictions on our businesses and growth that may damage our reputation 
and adversely affect our business operations. Proposed legislative 
 and regulatory actions may not occur within expected time frames, or at all, which 
creates additional uncertainty for our business and 
 industry. 
Accordingly, legislative and regulatory actions taken now or in 
the future could have a material adverse impact on our business, 
 financial condition and results of operation. 
 Many of our expansion and growth plans require regulatory approvals 
and failure to obtain them may restrict our growth. 
 As part of our growth strategy, we may expand our business by pursuing 
strategic acquisitions of financial institutions, adding 
 branches and pursuing acquisitions of other complementary businesses. Generally, 
we must receive federal and state regulatory approval 
 before we can acquire an FDIC-insured depository institution or 
related business. In determining whether to approve a proposed acquisition, 
 federal and state banking regulators will consider, among other factors, 
the effect of the acquisition on competition, our financial condition, 
 our future prospects and the impact of the proposal on U.S. financial stability. The regulators also review 
current and projected capital ratios, 
 the competence, experience and integrity of management and its record 
of compliance with laws and regulations, the convenience and needs 
 of the communities to be served and the effectiveness of the acquiring institution 
in combating money laundering activities. 

 The Federal Reserve may require the Company to commit capital resources 
to support the Bank. 
 As a matter of policy, the Federal Reserve expects a bank holding company to act 
as a source of financial and managerial strength to 
 its subsidiary banks. 
The Federal Reserve may charge the bank holding company with engaging in unsafe 
and unsound practices for failure to 
 adequately commit resources to a subsidiary bank. Accordingly, we may be required to make capital injections 
into a troubled subsidiary 
 bank, even if such contribution creates a detriment to the Company or its stockholders. 
If we do not have sufficient resources on hand to fund 
 the capital injection, we may be required to borrow funds or raise capital. 
Any such loans are subordinate in right of payment to deposits and 
 to certain indebtedness of the subsidiary bank. In the event of bankruptcy of 
the bank holding company, claims based upon any commitments 
 to fund capital injections are entitled to a priority of payment over claims made by 
general unsecured creditors, including holders of 
 indebtedness. Thus, any borrowing incurred by the Company to make required capital 
injections to the Bank could adversely impact our 
 financial condition, results of operations and future prospects. Additionally, under the Financial Institutions Reform 
Recovery and 
 Enforcement Act of 1989 FIRREA ), losses caused by a failing bank subsidiary might be charged to the capital of an 
affiliate bank. 
 Moreover, any bank operating under the Company s common control 
may also be required to contribute capital to a failing affiliate bank 
 within the Company s control group. This is known as FIRREA s cross-guarantee 
provision. The Company currently has one bank 
 subsidiary. 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to stringent capital requirements 
that may limit our operations and potential growth. 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements. 
Failure to meet minimum capital requirements will 
 result in certain mandatory and discretionary actions by regulators that, if undertaken, 
could have a direct material effect on our financial 

Table of Contents 
 26 
 statements. Under capital adequacy guidelines and the regulatory 
framework for prompt corrective action, the Company and the Bank must 
 meet specific capital guidelines that involve quantitative measures of our 
assets, liabilities and certain off-balance sheet commitments as 
 calculated under these regulations. In order to be a well-capitalized depository 
institution under prompt corrective action standards (but 
 without taking into account the capital conservation buffer requirement described 
below), a bank must maintain a CET1 risk-based capital 
 ratio of 6.5 or more, a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.0 or more, a total risk-based 
capital ratio of 10.0 or more and a leverage ratio 
 of 5.0 or more (and is not subject to any order or written directive specifying 
any higher capital ratio). The failure to meet the established 
 capital requirements under the prompt corrective action framework could result 
in one or more of our regulators placing limitations or 
 conditions on our activities, including our growth initiatives, or restricting 
the commencement of new activities and such failure could 
 subject us to a variety of enforcement remedies available to the federal 
regulatory authorities, including limiting our ability to pay dividends, 
 issuing a directive to increase our capital and terminating the Bank s FDIC deposit 
insurance, which is critical to the continued operation of 
 the Bank. 

 Including the capital conservation buffer requirement, the Company 
and the Bank must effectively maintain a CET1 capital ratio of 
 7.0 or more, a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio of 8.5 or more, a total risk-based 
capital ratio of 10.5 or more and, for the Bank, a leverage 
 ratio of 5.0 or more and for the Company, a leverage ratio of 4.0 or more. 
Many factors affect the calculation of our risk-based assets and 
 our ability to maintain the level of capital required to achieve acceptable capital 
ratios, such as increases to our risk-weighted assets, loan 
 impairments, loan losses exceeding the amount reserved for such losses and 
other factors that decrease our capital, thereby reducing 
the level 
 of the applicable ratios. Our failure to remain well-capitalized could affect client 
and investor confidence, our ability to grow, our costs of 
 funds, the interest rates that we pay on deposits, FDIC insurance costs, our 
ability to pay dividends on common stock, our ability to make 
 acquisitions and our business, results of operations and financial condition. 

 Higher FDIC deposit insurance premiums and assessments could adversely 
affect our financial condition. 
 Our deposits are insured up to applicable limits by the DIF and are subject 
to deposit insurance assessments to maintain deposit 
 insurance. As an FDIC-insured institution, we are required to pay quarterly deposit insurance premium assessments to the 
FDIC. Growth in 
 insured deposits at FDIC-insured financial institutions in recent years caused 
the ratio of the DIF to total insured deposits to fall below the 
 current statutory minimum, and the FDIC has approved an increase in the base 
assessment rates to increase the likelihood that the reserve 
 ratio of the DIF reaches the statutory minimum level by the statutory deadline. Although we cannot predict what 
the insurance assessment 
 rates will be in the future, either a deterioration in our risk-based capital ratios or 
further adjustments to the base assessment rates could have 
 a material adverse impact on our business, financial condition, results of operations 
and cash flows. 
 We face a risk of noncompliance and enforcement action with respect 
to the Bank Secrecy Act and other anti-money 
 laundering statutes and regulations. 
 The BSA, the PATRIOT Act and other laws and regulations require financial institutions, among other duties, to institute and 
maintain 
 an effective anti-money laundering program and to file reports such as suspicious 
activity reports and currency transaction reports. Violation 
 of such requirements may result in significant civil money penalties imposed 
by federal banking agencies and the U.S. Department of the 
 Treasury's Financial Crimes Enforcement Network, which agencies 
have recently engaged in coordinated enforcement efforts against banks 
 and other financial services providers with the U.S. Department of Justice DOJ ), the 
Drug Enforcement Administration and the IRS. We 
 are also subject to increased scrutiny of compliance with the rules enforced 
by the OFAC, which may require sanctions for dealing with 
 certain persons or countries. If the policies, procedures and systems of our 
company, or any of our subsidiaries, are deemed deficient, we 
 would be subject to fines and regulatory actions, which may include restrictions 
on our ability to pay dividends and requirements to obtain 
 regulatory approvals to proceed with certain aspects of our business plan, including 
our acquisition plans. Failure to maintain and implement 
 adequate programs to combat money laundering and terrorist financing 
could also have serious reputational consequences for us. Any of 
 these results could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, 
results of operations and growth prospects. 

 Regulations relating to privacy, information security and data protection 
could increase our costs, affect or limit how we 
 collect and use personal information and adversely affect our business 
opportunities. 
 We are subject to various privacy, information security and data protection laws, including 
requirements concerning security breach 
 notification and we could be negatively impacted by these laws. For example, 
our business is subject to the Gramm-Leach-Bliley Act which, 
 among other things: (i) imposes certain limitations on our ability to share non-public 
personal information about our clients with non-
 affiliated third parties; (ii) requires that we provide certain disclosures to clients about 
our information collection, sharing and security 
 practices and afford clients the right to opt out of any information sharing by us with 
non-affiliated third parties (with certain exceptions); 
 and (iii) requires that we develop, implement and maintain a written comprehensive 
information security program containing safeguards that 
 are appropriate based on our size and complexity, the nature and scope of 
our activities and the sensitivity of client information we process, 
 as well as plans for responding to data security breaches. Many state and 
federal banking regulators, states and foreign countries have also 
 enacted data security breach notification requirements with varying levels 
of individual, consumer, regulatory or law enforcement 
 notification in certain circumstances in the event of a security breach. Moreover, 
legislators and regulators in the United States and other 
 countries are increasingly adopting or revising privacy, information security 
and data protection laws that potentially could have a significant 
 impact on our current and planned privacy, data protection and information 
security-related practices, our collection, use, sharing, retention 

Table of Contents 
 27 
 and safeguarding of client or employee information and some of our current 
or planned business activities. This could also increase our costs 
 of compliance and business operations and could reduce income from certain 
business initiatives. This includes increased privacy-related 
 enforcement activity at the federal level by the Federal Trade Commission, as well as at the state level. 
 Compliance with current or future privacy, data protection and information 
security laws (including those regarding security breach 
 notification) affecting client or employee data to which we are subject could result 
in higher compliance and technology costs and could 
 restrict our ability to provide certain products and services, which could have 
a material adverse effect on our business, financial conditions 
 or results of operations. Our failure to comply with privacy, data protection and 
information security laws could result in potentially 
 significant regulatory or governmental investigations or actions, litigation, 
fines, sanctions and damage to our reputation, which could have a 
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition or results of operations. 
 We face increased risk under the terms of the CRA 
as we accept additional deposits in new geographic markets. 
 Under the terms of the CRA, each appropriate federal bank regulatory 
agency is required, in connection with its examination of a 
 bank, to assess such bank s record in assessing and meeting the credit needs of 
the communities served by that bank, including low- and 
 moderate-income neighborhoods. During these examinations, the regulatory 
agency rates such bank s compliance with the CRA as 
 Outstanding, Satisfactory, Needs to Improve or Substantial Noncompliance. 
The Bank had a CRA rating of Satisfactory as of its 
 most recent CRA assessment. The regulatory agency s assessment of an institution s record is part of the regulatory agency s consideration 
of 
 applications to acquire, merge or consolidate with another banking 
institution or its holding company, or to open or relocate a branch office. 
 As we accept additional deposits in new geographic markets, we will be required 
to maintain an acceptable CRA rating, which may be 
 difficult. 
 We are subject to numerous laws designed to protect consumers, including 
the CRA and fair lending laws and 
failure to 
 comply with these laws could lead to a wide variety of sanctions. 
 The CRA, the Equal Credit Opportunity Act, the Fair Housing Act and other fair lending laws and regulations impose 
 nondiscriminatory lending requirements on financial institutions. The U.S. Department 
of Justice and other federal agencies are responsible 
 for enforcing these laws and regulations. A successful regulatory challenge to an institution s performance under the CRA or fair lending 
 laws and regulations could result in a wide variety of sanctions, including damages 
and civil money penalties, injunctive relief, restrictions 
 on mergers and acquisitions activity, restrictions on expansion and restrictions 
on entering new business lines. Private parties also could 
 challenge an institution s performance under fair lending laws in private class action 
litigation. Such actions could have a material adverse 
 effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations and 
future prospects. 

 Risks Related to Our Common Stock 
 The price of our common stock could be volatile. 
 The market price of our common stock may be volatile and could 
be subject to wide price fluctuations in response to various 
 factors, some of which are beyond our control. These factors include, among other 
things, actual or anticipated variations in our quarterly or 
 annual results of operations; recommendations by securities analysts; operating 
performance or fluctuations in the stock price performance of 
 other companies that investors deem comparable to us; news reports relating 
to trends, concerns and other issues in the financial services 
 industry generally; conditions in the banking industry such as credit quality 
and monetary policies; domestic and international economic 
 factors unrelated to our performance; perceptions, general market conditions 
and, in particular, developments related to market conditions for 
 the financial services industry; loss of investor confidence in the market 
for stocks; new technology used, or services offered, by competitors; 
 loss of investor confidence and changes in government regulations. If any of the foregoing 
occurs, it could cause our stock price to fall and 
 may expose us to lawsuits that, even if unsuccessful, could be costly to defend 
and be a distraction to management. 
 Kansas law and the provisions of our articles of incorporation and bylaws 
may have an anti-takeover effect and there are 
 substantial regulatory limitations on changes of control of bank holding 
companies. 
 Kansas corporate law and provisions of our articles of incorporation and our bylaws 
could make it more difficult for a third party to 
 acquire us, even if doing so would be perceived to be beneficial by our stockholders. 
Furthermore, with certain limited exceptions, federal 
 regulations prohibit a person or company or a group of persons deemed to be 
 acting in concert from, directly or indirectly, acquiring more 
 than 10 (5 if the acquirer is a bank holding company) of any class of our voting 
stock or obtaining the ability to control in any manner the 
 election of a majority of our directors or otherwise direct the management or 
policies of our Company without prior notice or application to 
 and the approval of the Federal Reserve. Accordingly, prospective investors need to be aware of and comply with 
these requirements, if 
 applicable, in connection with any purchase of shares of our common stock. 
Collectively, provisions of our articles of incorporation and 
 bylaws and other statutory and regulatory provisions may delay, prevent or 
deter a merger, acquisition, tender offer, proxy contest or other 
 transaction that might otherwise result in our stockholders receiving 
a premium over the market price for their common stock. Moreover, the 

Table of Contents 
 28 
 combination of these provisions effectively inhibits certain business combinations, 
which, in turn, could adversely affect the market price of 
 our common stock. 
 Future equity issuances could result in dilution, which could cause 
the price of our shares of common stock to decline. 
 We are generally not restricted from issuing additional shares of stock, up 
to the 200,000,000 shares of voting common stock and 
 5,000,000 
shares of preferred stock authorized in our articles of incorporation. We may issue additional 
shares of our common stock in the 
 future in various transactions, including pursuant to current or future 
equity compensation plans, upon conversions of preferred stock or debt, 
 upon exercise of warrants or in connection with future acquisitions or financings. 
If we choose to issue additional shares of our common 
 stock, or securities convertible into shares of our common stock, for any reason, 
the issuance would have a dilutive effect on the holders of 
 our common stock and could have a material negative effect on the market 
price of our common stock. 
 We may issue shares of preferred stock in the future, which could 
make it difficult for another company to acquire us or 
 could otherwise adversely affect holders of our common stock. 
 Our articles of incorporation authorize us to issue up to 5,000,000 shares 
of one or more series of preferred stock. Our Board of 
 Directors has the power to set the terms of any series of preferred stock 
that may be issued, including voting rights, dividend rights, 
 conversion rights, preferences over our voting common stock with respect 
to dividends or in the event of a dissolution, liquidation or winding 
 up and other terms. If we issue preferred stock in the future that has preference over 
our common stock with respect to payment of dividends 
 or upon our liquidation, dissolution or winding up, the rights of the holders 
of our common stock or the market price of our common stock 
 could be adversely affected. 
 Our dividend policy may change without notice, 
and our future ability to pay dividends is subject to restrictions. 
 Holders of our common stock are entitled to receive only such dividends as our 
Board of Directors may declare out of funds legally 
 available for such payments. The Federal Reserve has indicated that bank holding 
companies should carefully review their dividend policy in 
 relation to the organization s 
overall asset quality, current and 
prospective earnings and capital level, composition and quality. 
Furthermore, 
 the Federal Reserve may prohibit payment of dividends that are deemed 
unsafe or unsound practice. 
Accordingly, any declaration and 
 payment of dividends on our common stock will depend upon many factors, 
including our earnings and financial condition, liquidity and 
 capital requirements, the general economic and regulatory climate, our 
ability to service any equity or debt obligations senior to our common 
 stock, our capital management policies and strategic plans; our growth 
initiatives; and other factors deemed relevant by our Board of 
 Directors. 
Any such factor could adversely affect the amount of dividends, if any, paid to our 
common stockholders. If declared, dividends 
 will be payable to the holders of shares of our common stock on a pro rata basis in accordance 
with their shares held. If preferred shares are 
 issued, such shares may be entitled to priority over the common shares as to dividends. 
Other than the stock dividend provided to our 
 stockholders pursuant to our two-for-one stock split in 2018, we have no history 
of paying dividends to holders of our common stock. 
 We are a bank holding company and our only source of cash, other 
than further issuances of securities, is distributions from 
 our wholly owned subsidiaries. 
 We are a bank holding company with no material activities other than activities incidental 
to holding the common stock of the Bank. 
 Our principal source of funds to pay distributions on our common 
stock and service any of our obligations, other than further issuances of 
 securities, would be dividends received from our wholly owned subsidiaries. 
Furthermore, our wholly owned subsidiaries are not obligated to 
 pay dividends to us and any dividends paid to us would depend on the earnings 
or financial condition of our wholly owned subsidiaries and 
 various business considerations. As is the case with all financial institutions, the profitability of our wholly owned 
subsidiaries is subject to 
 the fluctuating cost and availability of money, changes in interest rates and economic 
conditions in general. In addition, various federal and 
 state statutes limit the amount of dividends that our wholly owned subsidiaries 
may pay to the Company without regulatory approval. 
 As an emerging growth company, or EGC, we utilize certain exemptions 
from disclosure requirements which could make our 
 shares less attractive to investors and make it more difficult to compare 
our performance with other public companies. 
 As an emerging growth company , we may take advantage of certain exemptions from 
various reporting requirements including, but 
 not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements 
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and 
 reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation. 
In addition, as an emerging growth company we are not required to 
 comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private 
companies are required to comply and we have not opted out of this 
 extended transition period. When a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates 
for public or private companies, we can 
 adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the 
new or revised standard. This may make comparison of our 
 financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging 
growth company nor an emerging growth company which 
 has opted out of the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of 
the potential differences in accounting standards used. If 
 some investors find our shares less attractive as a result of our reliance on 
these exemptions, the trading prices of our shares may be lower 
 than they otherwise would be. 

Table of Contents 
 29 
 ITEM 1B. 
UNRESOLVED 
STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 

 ITEM 2. 
PROPERTIES 
 Our headquarters is located at 11440 Tomahawk Creek Parkway, Leawood, Kansas. 
Including our headquarters building, we operate 
 12 full-service banking centers located in: Leawood, Kansas; Wichita, Kansas; Kansas City, 
Missouri; Oklahoma City, Oklahoma; Tulsa, 
 Oklahoma; Dallas, Texas; Frisco, Texas; Phoenix, Arizona; Denver, Colorado; Colorado Springs, Colorado; and Clayton, New Mexico. We 
 own our headquarters building, our banking centers in Leawood, Kansas, Wichita, Kansas, Oklahoma 
City, Oklahoma and Clayton, New 
 Mexico and we lease the remainder of our locations. In addition, the 
Company signed a second lease agreement in Dallas, Texas and a new 
 lease in Fort Worth, Texas. 
We anticipate these additional locations will be open to our clients in 202 
3. We believe that the leases to which we 
 are subject are generally on terms consistent with prevailing market terms. We also believe that 
our facilities are in good condition and are 
 adequate to meet our operating needs for the foreseeable future. 

 ITEM 3. 
LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 In the normal course of business, we are named or threatened to be named 
as defendant in various lawsuits. Management, following 
 consultation with legal counsel, does not expect the ultimate disposition of 
any one matter or a combination of these matters to have a 
 material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations, 
cash flows or growth prospects. However, given the nature, 
 scope and complexity of the extensive legal and regulatory landscape applicable 
to our business (including laws and regulations governing 
 consumer protection, fair lending, fair labor, privacy, information security and 
anti-money laundering and anti-terrorism laws), we, like all 
 banking organizations, are subject to heightened legal and regulatory 
compliance 
and litigation risk. 

 ITEM 4. 
MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 

 INFORMATION ABOUT 
OUR EXECUTIVE OFFICERS 
 The following table sets forth certain information regarding our executive 
officers and the executive officers of the Bank, including 
 their names, ages and positions: 
 Name 
 Age as of March 3, 2023 
 Position(s) 
 Michael J. Maddox 
 53 
 President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company and 
 Chief Executive Officer of the Bank 
 W. Randall Rapp 
 58 
 President of the Bank 
 Benjamin R. Clouse 
 49 
 Chief Financial Officer of the Company and the Bank 
 Amy Fauss 
 56 
 Chief Human Resources Officer of the Company and the Bank 
 Steve Peterson 
 58 
 Chief Banking Officer of the Company and the Bank 
 Jana Merfen 
 41 
 Chief Technology Officer of the Company and the Bank 
 Amy Abrams 
 40 
 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company and 
 the Bank 
 Michael J. Maddox
 Mr. Maddox has served as President and Chief Executive Officer of the Company 
since June 1, 2020, and as 
 Chief Executive Officer of the Bank since November 28, 2008. He 
also served as President of the Bank from November 2008 until June 
 2022, when the roles of Chief Executive Officer and President of 
the Bank were split. Prior to joining the Bank, he was a Regional President 
 for Intrust Bank. In this role, he managed Intrust Bank s operations in Northeast 
Kansas. Mr. Maddox has over 20 years of banking 
 experience. Mr. Maddox attended the University of Kansas from which he 
received a Business degree and a law degree. While at KU, Mr. 
 Maddox was a four-year basketball letterman and a member of the 
KU team that won the National Championship in 1988. Mr. Maddox 
 completed the Graduate School of Banking at the University of Wisconsin - Madison 
in 2003. Mr. Maddox is a member of the Economic 
 Development Board of Johnson County and serves on the Kansas City Civic Council. 
He has served on the board of CrossFirst Bank since 
 2008 and currently serves as Chairman of the Board of CrossFirst Bank. 
 W. Randall Rapp
 Mr. Rapp was appointed President of the Bank effective July 1, 2022. He 
served as the Chief Risk and Credit 
 Officer for the Bank from April 2021 until July 2022, and Chief Credit Officer 
of the Bank from April 2019 until April 2021. Prior to joining 

Table of Contents 
 30 
 the Bank, Mr. Rapp held various positions at Texas Capital Bank, N.A. from March 2000 until 
March 2019, including serving as Executive 
 Vice President and Chief Credit Officer from May 2015 until March 2019, 
and as a Senior Credit Officer from 2013 until May 2015. He has 
 more than three decades of commercial banking experience, most of which 
has been spent in credit management for private and public banks 
 in the Dallas/Fort Worth 
metroplex. He earned a BBA in Accounting from The University of Texas 
at Austin and an MBA in Finance from 
 Texas Christian University. 
He is also a licensed CPA. 
Mr. Rapp is a member 
of the CrossFirst Bank Board of Directors.
 Benjamin R. Clouse
 Mr. Clouse has served 
as Chief Financial Officer of the Company since July 2021, leading the financial 
 organization and overall long-range financial planning 
and reporting of the Company and the Bank, as well as supporting the execution of 
 the Bank's growth strategy. 
He also serves as Chief Financial Officer and Cashier of the Bank. Prior to 
joining CrossFirst, Mr. Clouse served 
 as Chief Financial Officer of Waddell 
 Reed Financial, Inc., a financial services firm, from 2018 until its acquisition 
in 2021. Mr. Clouse 

 held a variety of other senior leadership roles at Waddell 
 Reed between March 2016 and February 2018, including Vice 
President and 
 Chief Accounting Officer, 
Vice President and Principal Accounting 
Officer and Vice 
President. 
Prior to joining Waddell Reed, 
Mr. 
 Clouse served as Chief Financial Officer of Executive 
AirShare Corporation, a private aviation company, 
from September 2012 to October 
 2015. From 2006 to 2012 and from 2002 to 2005, he served in various 
roles with H R Block, Inc., a tax preparation company in Kansas 
 City, Missouri, including 
Assistant Vice President Audit Services 
and Assistant Vice President and 
Controller Tax Services. From 
2005 
 to 2006, Mr. Clouse served as Vice 
President Finance and Corporate Controller of Gold Bank Corporation, 
Inc., a bank holding company. 
 From September 1996 to January 2002, he served in various roles in the audit practice 
of Deloitte. Mr. Clouse obtained a business 
degree and 
 a Master of Accountancy degree from Kansas State University.
 Amy Fauss
 Ms. Fauss has served as Chief Human Resources Officer of 
the Company and the Bank since January 2021 and 
 previously served as the Chief Operating Officer of the Bank from December 
2009 until June 2022. Prior to joining CrossFirst, she served as 
 Executive Vice President 
and Chief Operating Officer of Solutions Bank, where she directed all aspects of 
daily operations and human 
 resources. Her experience also includes senior management positions 
at Hillcrest Bank and Citizens-Jackson County Bank. Ms. Fauss holds a 
 Bachelor of Science degree in Finance from Central Missouri State University and 
an MBA from University of Missouri Kansas City. 
She 
 has also completed the Graduate School of Banking at the University of 
Wisconsin Madison. 
 Steve Peterson 
 Mr. Peterson has served as Chief Banking Officer since July 2020. 
Prior to this role, Mr. Peterson served as the 
 Wichita Bank President for CrossFirst Bank from August 2011 until his appointment to Chief Banking Officer. Prior 
to joining CrossFirst 
 Bank, Mr. Peterson served as Division President of Stillwater National Bank 
from 2004 to August 2011, where he expanded the bank into 
 new two new major markets in Texas. From 2002 to 2004, Mr. Peterson was the City President at Compass Bank. 
He served in roles of both 
 Vice President of Commercial Banking as well as Community Bank President for Commerce 
Bank from 1998-2002. He spent several years 
 as an entrepreneur, owning and operating several restaurant franchise units 
from 1991-1998. 
From 1987 to 1991, he severed in several roles 
 at Bank IV, including Commercial Business Development. Mr. Peterson 
received his Bachelor of Science degree in Business Administration 
 from the University of Kansas. 
 Jana Merfen
 Ms. Merfen joined CrossFirst in January 2021 
as Chief Technology Officer. Prior to that she served as Chief 
 Information Officer of Dickinson Financial Corp. and Academy Bank from April 2017 to January 2021. Prior to working at Dickinson 
 Financial Corp. and Academy Bank, she worked at CommunityAmerica Credit Union where she was the Director 
of Information Systems 
 Enterprise Project Manager Officer from July 2016 to April 2017 and was the Director of Enterprise Risk Management 
and Business Process 
 Operations from September 2014 to July 2016. Ms. Merfen has a degree 
in accounting from Miami University in Ohio. 

 Amy Abrams
 
 Ms. Abrams was appointed General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of the Company and the Bank in June 2022. 
As 
 General Counsel and Corporate Secretary, Ms. Abrams is responsible for the oversight of CrossFirst s legal affairs and 
corporate governance 
 matters. 
Prior to joining the Company and the Bank, Ms. Abrams provided legal assistance to Cerner Corporation and its global affiliates 
 Cerner from October 2011 until May 2022, most recently serving 
as Lead Counsel SEC Corporate and Assistant Secretary. Cerner 
 (recently acquired by Oracle Corporation) was a supplier of healthcare 
information technology services, devices, and hardware. Prior to 
 Cerner, Ms. Abrams was an attorney at the law firm of Polsinelli P.C. Ms. Abrams earned her Juris Doctorate 
degree from Loyola University-
 Chicago School of Law and has a business degree from the University of 
Kansas. 
 Part II 
 ITEM 5. 
MARKET FOR REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED 
 STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY 
SECURITIES 
 Our common stock is traded on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the 
symbol CFB. We had 374 holders of record at 
 February 23, 2023. 

Table of Contents 
 31 
 0.00
 20.00
 40.00
 60.00
 80.00
 100.00
 120.00
 140.00
 160.00
 180.00
 Total Return Performance
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.
 Russell 2000 Index
 KBW Nasdaq Regional Banking Index
 Performance Graph 
 The following table and graph sets forth the cumulative total stockholder return for 
the Company s common stock from August 15, 
 2019 (the date that our common stock commenced trading on the Nasdaq 
Global Select Market) through December 30, 2022 (the last trading 
 day of the year), compared to an overall stock market index (Russell 2000 Index) 
and one peer group index (KBW Nasdaq Regional Banking 
 Index) for the same period. The indices are based on total returns assuming reinvestment 
of dividends. The graph assumes an investment of 
 100 on August 15, 2019. The performance graph represents past performance 
and should not be considered to be an indication of future 
 performance. 
 The performance graph and related text are being furnished to and not filed 
with the SEC, and will not be deemed soliciting 
 material or subject to Regulation 14A or 14C under the Exchange Act or to the liabilities of Section 18 of the Exchange Act, and will not be 
 deemed to be incorporated by reference into any filing under the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, except to the extent we specifically 
 incorporate such information by reference into such a filing. 
 8/15/2019 
 12/31/2019 
 12/31/2020 
 12/31/2021 
 12/30/2022 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 
 100.00 
 
 99.45 
 
 73.63 
 
 106.92 
 
 85.00 
 Russell 2000 Index 
 
 100.00 
 
 114.85 
 
 137.77 
 
 158.19 
 
 125.86 
 KBW Nasdaq Regional Banking Index 
 
 100.00 
 
 116.94 
 
 102.79 
 
 136.92 
 
 123.98 
 Dividends 
 Historically, CrossFirst has not declared or paid any dividends on its common 
stock. Payments of future dividends, if any, will be at 
 the discretion of our Board of Directors and will depend upon our results of operations, 
our financial condition, capital requirements, general 
 economic conditions, regulatory and contractual restrictions, our 
business strategy, our ability to service any equity or debt obligations 
senior 
 to our common stock and other factors that our Board of Directors deems relevant. We are not obligated 
to pay dividends on our common 
 stock and are subject to restrictions on paying dividends on our common stock. 
 Our principal source of funds to pay dividends on our common stock would 
be dividends received from our wholly-owned 
 subsidiaries. Furthermore, our wholly-owned subsidiaries are not obligated 
to pay dividends to us, and any dividends paid to us would 
 depend on the earnings or financial condition of our wholly-owned 
subsidiaries and various business considerations. As is the case with all 
 financial institutions, the profitability of our wholly-owned subsidiaries 
is subject to the fluctuating cost and availability of money, changes 
 in interest 
rates and economic conditions in general. In addition, various federal 
and state statutes limit the amount of dividends that our 
 wholly-owned subsidiaries may pay to the Company without regulatory approval. 

Table of Contents 
 32 
 Share Repurchase Program 
 The following table summarizes our repurchases of our common shares 
for the three months ended December 31, 2022: 
 Calendar 
 Month 
 Total Number of 
 Shares 
 Repurchased 
 Average Price 
 Paid per Share 
 Total Number of Shares 
 Purchased as Part of Publicly 
 Announced Plans or Programs 
 Approximate Dollar Value of Shares 
 that may yet be Purchased as Part 
 of Publicly Announced Plans or 
 Programs 
 October 1 - 31 
 177,712 
 
 13.46 
 177,712 
 
 18,280,265 
 November 1 - 30 
 39,824 
 
 13.72 
 39,824 
 
 17,733,858 
 December 1 - 31 
 140,110 
 
 13.28 
 140,110 
 
 15,872,867 
 Total 
 357,646 
 
 13.42 
 357,646 
 On October 18, 2021, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved 
a share repurchase program under which the 
 Company may repurchase up to 30 million of its common stock. This program was completed 
during the third quarter of 2022. 
On May 10, 
 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved 
a second share repurchase program under which the Company may 
 repurchase up to 30 million of its common stock. As of December 31, 2022, approximately 16 million remains 
available for repurchase 
 under this share repurchase program. Repurchases under the program 
may be made in open market or privately negotiated transactions in 
 compliance with SEC Rule 10b-18, subject to market conditions, applicable 
legal requirements and other relevant factors. The program does 
 not obligate the Company to acquire any amount of common stock, and 
it may be suspended at any time at the Company's discretion. No 
 time limit has been set for completion of the program. 
 See Part III, Item 12 for information relating to securities authorized for 
issuance under our equity compensation plans. 
 ITEM 6. 
[RESERVED] 
 
 ITEM 7. 
MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION 
AND ANALYSIS 
OF FINANCIAL 
 CONDITION AND 
RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Overview 
 This section includes a discussion of the financial condition and results of operations 
of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. and its 
 subsidiaries. Refer to Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations
 in our 2021 Form 10-K filed 
 with the SEC on February 28, 2022 for a discussion of the financial condition and results 
of operations of the Company for the period ended 
 December 31, 2020 and a comparison between the 2021 and 2020 results. 

 Tables may include additional periods to comply with disclosure 
requirements or to illustrate trends in greater depth. You should read 
 the following financial data in conjunction with the other information contained 
in this 10-K, including under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors, 
 and in the financial statements and related notes included elsewhere 
in this 10-K. 

 Growth History 
 We have grown organically primarily by establishing our branch 
light network in seven states, attracting new clients and expanding 
 our relationships with existing clients, as well as through three strategic acquisitions. The 
data below presents the business' growth in key 
 areas for the past five years and the related compound annual growth rate CAGR ): 
 2018 to 2022 
 As of December 31, 
 CAGR 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 2019 
 2018 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Available-for-sale ("AFS") securities 
 1 

686,901 
 
 745,969 
 
 654,588 
 
 739,473 
 
 661,628 
 Gross loans (net of unearned income)
 (1)
 15 
 5,372,729 
 4,256,213 
 4,441,897 
 3,852,244 
 3,060,747 
 Total assets 
 13 
 6,601,086 
 5,621,457 
 5,659,303 
 4,931,233 
 4,107,214 
 Non-interest-bearing deposits 
 30 
 1,400,260 
 1,163,224 
 718,459 
 521,826 
 484,284 
 Total deposits 
 15 

5,651,308 
 
 4,683,597 
 
 4,694,740 
 
 3,923,759 
 
 3,208,097 
 (1)
 
Includes 3 million, 65 million and 292 million of PPP loans at December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 

Table of Contents 
 33 
 Performance Measures 

 As of or for the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Return on average assets 
 1.07 
 
 1.24 
 
 0.24 
 
 Adjusted return on average assets
 (1)
 1.19 
 
 1.31 
 
 0.37 
 
 Return on average common equity 
 9.97 
 
 10.84 
 
 2.05 
 
 Adjusted return on average common equity
 (1)
 11.11 
 
 11.40 
 
 3.26 
 
 Earnings per share 
 
 1.24 
 
 1.35 
 
 0.24 
 Diluted earnings per share 
 
 1.23 
 
 1.33 
 
 0.24 
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share
 (1)
 
 1.37 
 
 1.40 
 
 0.38 
 Efficiency ratio
 (2)
 57.75 
 
 54.50 
 
 58.13 
 
 Adjusted efficiency ratio - FTE
 (1)(2)(3)
 54.43 
 
 52.02 
 
 52.98 
 
 Ratio of equity to assets 
 9.22 
 
 11.88 
 
 11.03 
 
 (1) 
 
Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. 
See "Non-GAAP Financial Measures" in Management Discussion and Analysis for a reconciliation of 
 these measures. 
 (2) 
 We calculate efficiency ratio as non-interest expense divided by the sum of net interest income and non-interest income. 
 (3) 
 Tax exempt income (tax-free municipal securities) is calculated on a tax equivalent basis. 
The incremental tax rate used is 21.0 . 
 2022 Highlights: 
 
 Completed the acquisition of Farmers Stockmens Bank Central adding 
liquidity, new production talent, and expanding 
 into attractive and growing markets 
 o
 Added 389 million of loans and 570 million of deposits 
 
 Total assets were 6.6 billion primarily made up of 5.4 billion in loans and 
 687 million in securities 
 
 Loans grew 1.1 billion for the year or 26 ; excluding the Central acquisition, 
loans grew 17 for the year 
 
 Deposits grew 968 million for the year or 21 ; excluding the Central acquisition, 
deposits grew 9 for the year 
 
 Credit quality improved meaningfully with the non-performing assets to total 
assets ratio at 0.20 at year end and full year net 
 charge offs of just 0.08 
 
 Purchased 2,448,428 or 36 million of outstanding shares as part of 
the share repurchase programs in 2022 representing 5 of 
 outstanding shares 
 
 Launched a new digital banking platform, providing enhanced online 
tools and resources for clients 
 
 Book value per share decreased to 12.56 compared to 13.23 in the prior year. Tangible 
book value per share
 (1)
 
decreased to 
 11.96 compared to 13.23 in the prior year as earnings were more than offset 
by an increase in the unrealized losses on our 
 investment portfolio, the impact of Central and a reduction due to share repurchases 
 (1)
 
Represents a non-GAAP financial measure. 
See Non-GAAP Financial Measures in Management Discussion and Analysis for a 
 reconciliation of these measures. 
 Update to Net Interest Margin Methodology 
 The Company modified the yield calculation on the AFS security portfolio to better conform to peer disclosures in the 
first quarter 
 of 2022. All earning-asset yields and net interest margins presented were retroactively updated for the change in methodology. The 
following 
 changes were made: 
 
 The average unrealized gain (loss) on AFS securities balance was removed from the security lines and placed in other non-
 interest earning assets 

Table of Contents 
 34 
 
 The annualization method was changed from Actual/Actual to 30/360 for the security yields 
 The Company believes the new calculation provides better insight into 
why the security yields and net interest margin changed 
 period-to-period. 

 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2021 
 2020 
 Previous calculation 
 Yield on securities - taxable 
 1.93 

2.26 

Yield on securities - tax-exempt
 (1)
 3.28 
 3.52 
 Yield on interest-earning assets
 (1)
 3.60 
 3.96 
 Net interest spread
 (1)
 3.10 
 3.04 
 Net interest margin
 (1)
 3.15 
 3.13 
 As calculated going forward 
 Yield on securities - taxable 
 1.96 
 2.32 
 Yield on securities - tax-exempt
 (1)
 3.48 
 3.74 
 Yield on interest-earning assets
 (1)
 3.62 
 3.98 
 Net interest spread
 (1)
 3.12 
 3.06 
 Net interest margin
 (1)
 3.17 
 3.15 
 Change 
 Yield on securities - taxable 
 0.03 
 0.06 
 Yield on securities - tax-exempt
 (1)
 0.20 
 0.22 
 Yield on interest-earning assets
 (1)
 0.02 
 0.02 
 Net interest spread
 (1)
 0.02 
 0.02 
 Net interest margin
 (1)
 0.02 

0.02 

(1) 
 Tax-exempt income is calculated on a tax-equivalent basis. Tax-free municipal securities 
are exempt from Federal taxes. The incremental 
 tax rate used is 21 . 
 Concentrations 
 As of December 31, 2022, the Company s top 25 largest borrowing relationships 
totaled approximately 1.9 billion in total 
 commitments, 
representing, in the aggregate, 24 of our total outstanding commitments. As of December 31, 2022, the Company s top 
25 
 deposit relationships 
represented approximately 25 , or 1.4 billion, of total deposits. The majority 
of the 1.4 billion are money market 
 deposit accounts. The Company believes that there are sufficient funding sources, including 
on-balance sheet liquid assets and wholesale 
 deposit options, so that an immediate reduction in these deposit balances would 
not be expected to have a detrimental effect on the 
 Company s financial position or operations. 

 For the year ended December 31, 2021, a significant portion of the 
Company s ATM and credit card interchange income was driven by 
 companies that mobilized their workforce directly impacted by the 
COVID-19 pandemic. These companies represented 5 million or 61 of 
 the 8 million in ATM and credit card interchange income. This activity did not re-occur in 2022 at the same level. 
 Discussion and Analysis - Results 
of Operations 
 Net Interest Income 
 Our profitability depends in substantial part on our net interest income. 
Net interest income is the difference between the amounts 
 received on our interest-earning assets and the interest paid on our interest-bearing 
liabilities. Net interest income is impacted by internal and 
 external factors including: 
 
Changes in the volume, rate, and mix of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing 
liabilities; 
 
Changes in competition, federal economic, monetary and fiscal policies and 
economic conditions; and 

Table of Contents 
 35 
 
Changes in credit quality. 
 We present and discuss net interest income on a fully tax-equivalent basis FTE ). 

 For the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, we operated in an increasing 
interest rate environment. 
Our earning assets repriced 
 quicker than our cost of funds, resulting in a higher net interest margin in 2022. 
During 2022, the Company benefited from changes in our 
 deposit mix, including an increase in non-interest-bearing deposits that helped 
manage cost of funds. 
 The following table presents, for the periods indicated, average statement 
of financial condition information, interest income, interest 
 expense and the corresponding average yield earned and rates paid: 
 For the Years 
Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Income / 
 Expense 
 Yield / Rate
 (4)
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Income / 
 Expense 
 Yield / Rate
 (4)
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest 
 Income / 
 Expense 
 Yield / Rate
 (4)
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Interest-earning assets: 
 Securities - taxable 
 
 220,760 
 
 5,286 
 2.39 

201,419 
 
 3,955 
 1.96 

261,059 
 
 6,058 
 2.32 
 
 Securities - tax-exempt - FTE
 (1)
 551,734 
 18,559 
 3.36 
 488,544 
 16,981 
 3.48 
 421,548 
 15,745 
 3.74 
 Federal funds sold 
 3,139 
 49 
 1.56 
 - 
 - 
 
 1,020 
 18 
 1.73 
 Interest-bearing deposits in other banks 
 239,240 
 3,702 
 1.55 
 389,893 
 502 
 0.13 
 179,978 
 621 
 0.35 
 Gross loans, net of unearned income
 (2)(3)
 4,603,697 
 224,138 
 4.87 
 4,340,791 
 174,660 
 4.02 
 4,310,345 
 183,738 
 4.26 
 Total interest-earning assets 
- FTE
 (1)
 5,618,570 
 
 251,734 
 4.48 
 
 5,420,647 
 
 196,098 
 3.62 
 
 5,173,950 
 
 206,180 
 3.98 
 
 Allowance for loan losses 
 (57,388) 
 (73,544) 
 (68,897) 
 Other non-interest-earning assets 
 198,849 

244,368 

253,426 

Total assets 
 
 5,760,031 
 
 5,591,471 
 
 5,358,479 
 Interest-bearing liabilities 

Transaction deposits 
 
 538,604 
 
 4,951 
 0.92 

608,063 
 
 1,152 
 0.19 

447,777 
 
 1,696 
 0.38 
 
 Savings and money market deposits 
 2,475,891 
 33,599 
 1.36 
 2,338,315 
 8,225 
 0.35 
 1,993,964 
 14,033 
 0.70 
 Time deposits 
 688,095 
 11,432 
 1.66 
 812,774 
 9,146 
 1.13 
 1,155,492 
 20,856 
 1.80 
 Total interest-bearing deposits 
 3,702,590 
 49,982 
 1.35 
 3,759,152 
 18,523 
 0.49 
 3,597,233 
 36,585 
 1.02 
 FHLB and short-term borrowings 
 232,018 
 4,855 
 2.09 
 279,379 
 5,840 
 2.09 
 417,956 
 6,508 
 1.56 
 Trust preferred securities, net of fair value 
 adjustments 
 1,072 
 142 
 13.25 
 982 
 96 
 9.76 
 939 
 106 
 11.34 
 Non-interest-bearing deposits 
 1,146,594 

876,309 

684,294 

Cost of funds 
 5,082,274 
 
 54,979 
 1.08 
 
 4,915,822 
 
 24,459 
 0.50 
 
 4,700,422 
 
 43,199 
 0.92 
 
 Other liabilities 
 60,175 
 35,447 
 43,331 
 Stockholders equity 
 617,582 

640,202 

614,726 

Total liabilities and stockholders 
equity 
 
 5,760,031 
 
 5,591,471 
 
 5,358,479 
 Net interest income - FTE
 (1)
 
 196,755 

171,639 

162,981 

Net interest spread - FTE
 (1)
 3.40 
 
 3.12 
 
 3.06 
 
 Net interest margin -FTE
 (1)
 3.50 
 
 3.17 
 
 3.15 
 
 (1) 
 Calculated on a fully tax-equivalent basis. Tax 
-free municipal securities are exempt from Federal taxes. The incremental 
tax rate used is 21 .
 (2) 
 Loans, net of unearned income includes non-accrual loans of 11 
million, 31 million and 75 million as of December 31, 
2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively. 
 (3)
 
Loan interest income includes loan fees of 14 million, 18 million 
and 14 million for the years ended December 31, 2022, 
2021 and 2020, respectively.
 (4) 
 Actual unrounded values are used to calculate the reported yield or rate 
disclosed. Accordingly, recalculations 
using the amounts in thousands as disclosed in this report may 
not produce the same 
 amounts.
 Interest Income -
 Interest income increased for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to the same period 
in 2021. The yield on 
 earning assets increased 86 basis points, led by an 85 basis point increase in 
loan yields driven by the repricing of existing loans, origination 
 of new loans and the Central acquisition. The yield on the investment portfolio also increased 
five basis points. 
Average earning assets 
 increased 
 197.9 million due to 262.9 million higher average loans and an 82.5 million increase in 
the average investment portfolio. The 
 increased loan balances were due to strong loan growth, both organically 
and due to the acquisition of Central. 
 Interest Expense -
 Interest expense increased for the year ended December 31, 2022, compared 
to the same period in 2021. The cost of 
 interest-bearing deposits increased due to the higher interest rate environment 
and increased competition for deposits. The average volume 
 for interest-bearing deposits declined primarily because of decreases in time 
deposits 
and transaction deposits, partially offset by increases in 
 savings and money market deposits. Average FHLB and other borrowings declined compared to 2021; however, 
the rate paid on these 
 borrowings remained consistent year over year. 
The cost of funds increase was partially offset by an increase in average non-interest-bearing 
 deposits from 2021 to 2022. We currently anticipate our cost of funds will increase in 2023 
due to continued increases in the interest rate 
 environment and competition for deposits. 

Table of Contents 
 36 
 36 
 38 
 9 
 1 
 (1 17 
 34 
 59 
 25 
 7 
 (46 21 
 Service charges fees
 ATM credit card
 Bank-owned life
 insurance ("BOLI")
 AFS gain on sale
 Gains (losses) on
 equity securities
 Other
 Breakout of Non-interest Income
 2022
 2021
 Net Interest Income 
 Full year 2022 net interest income grew 24.8 million, an increase of 15 compared 
to 2021. 
Full year net interest 
 income - FTE grew 25.1 million, an increase of 15 compared to 2021, while 
the net interest margin NIM - FTE increased to 3.50 
 from 3.17 in the prior year due to the higher interest rate environment as well as the mix shift 
from cash into higher earning assets as noted 
 above. 
The NIM FTE also benefited from a 31 increase in non-interest-bearing 
deposits which benefited the NIM-FTE 4 basis points. We 
 currently expect the net interest margin to remain flat or slightly increase in 
2023 as we currently anticipate a slowdown in the trajectory of 
 interest rate increases. We currently anticipate that competition for deposits will continue 
into 2023 as clients seek higher yields. 
 Non-interest Income 
 The components of non-interest income were as follows for the periods 
shown: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 Change 
 2022 
 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Service charges and fees on customer accounts 
 
 6,228 
 
 4,580 
 
 1,648 
 36 
 
 Realized gains on available-for-sale securities 
 96 
 1,023 
 (927) 
 (91) 
 Gain on sale of loans 
 47 
 - 
 47 
 
 Gains (losses), net on equity securities 
 (181) 
 (6,325) 
 6,144 
 (97) 
 Income from bank-owned life insurance 
 1,602 
 3,483 
 (1,881) 
 (54) 
 Swap fees and credit valuation adjustments, net 
 188 
 275 
 (87) 
 (32) 
 ATM and credit card interchange income 
 6,523 
 7,996 
 (1,473) 
 (18) 
 Other non-interest income 
 2,778 
 2,628 
 150 
 6 
 Total non-interest income 
 
 17,281 
 
 13,660 
 
 3,621 
 27 
 
 Non-interest income to average assets 
 0.30 
 
 0.24 
 
 The changes in non-interest income were driven by the following: 
 Service charges and fees on customer accounts - 
 This category includes account analysis fees offset by a customer 
rebate program. The 
 increase for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared to 2021 
was driven by a decline in costs associated with our rebate program. In 
 addition, customer growth and an increase in outstanding balances improved 
account analysis fees.

Table of Contents 
 37 
 62 
 9 
 3 
 4 
 4 
 18 
 61 
 10 
 4 
 4 
 4 
 17 
 Salary benefits
 Occupancy
 Deposit insurance
 Professional fees
 Software 
 communication
 Other
 Breakout of Non-interest Expense
 2022
 2021
 Realized gains on available-for-sale securities 
 
The Company sells AFS securities for strategic reasons including capitalizing on attractive 
 market conditions, improving the credit quality of the security portfolio, or 
for tax purposes, 
primarily to offset capital losses. The realized 
 gains on AFS securities declined from 2021 to 2022 
primarily due to the Company selling securities for tax purposes and to capitalize on 
 attractive market conditions in 2021. 
 Gains (losses), net on equity securities 
 During 2021, the Company recorded a 6 million loss related to an 
equity investment received as 
 part of a modified loan agreement in 2020. The Company elected to account for this security at 
cost less impairment, unless an orderly 
 transaction for an identical or similar investment of the same issuer occurred that 
would result in an updated fair market value. During 2021, 
 significant adverse changes in market conditions for the investment resulted in 
the investment being sold below its book value. Refer to the 
 Equity Securities section in 
 Note 3: Securities
 
within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for additional information. 
 Income from bank-owned life insurance 
 The decrease for the year ended December 31, 2022 compared 
to 2021 was due to the Company 
 recognizing 2 million in tax-free death benefits from a bank-owned life insurance policy 
in 2021 that did not re-occur in 2022. 
 ATM and credit card interchange income -
 The decrease in ATM and credit card interchange income for the year ended December 31, 
 2022 compared to 2021 was primarily the result of one large customer that mobilized 
their workforce directly impacted by the COVID-19 
 pandemic during 2020 and into 2021. 
This activity did not re-occur in 2022 and accounts for the lower income. 
 Non-interest Expense 

Table of Contents 
 38 
 The components of non-interest expense were as follows for the periods indicated: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 Change 
 2022 
 2021 

(Dollars in thousands) 
 Salary and employee benefits 
 
 75,288 
 
 61,080 
 
 14,208 
 23 
 
 Occupancy 
 10,663 
 9,688 
 975 
 10 
 Professional fees 
 5,275 
 3,519 
 1,756 
 50 
 Deposit insurance premiums 
 3,354 
 3,705 
 (351) 
 (9) 
 Data processing 
 4,750 
 2,878 
 1,872 
 65 
 Advertising 
 3,201 
 2,090 
 1,111 
 53 
 Software and communication 
 5,093 
 4,234 
 859 
 20 
 Foreclosed assets, net 
 (17) 
 697 
 (714) 
 (102) 
 Other non-interest expense 
 14,135 
 11,491 
 2,644 
 23 
 Total non-interest expense 
 
 121,742 
 
 99,382 
 
 22,360 
 22 
 
 Non-interest expense to average assets 
 2.11 
 
 1.78 
 
 Non-interest expense increased 22.4 million and included 4.2 
million of transaction costs and core deposit intangible amortization 
 related to the Central acquisition. In addition, the Central acquisition added 
approximately 1.7 million of non-interest expense, the majority 
 in the salary and employee benefits line as we added employees to our 
teams. 
The ratio of non-interest expense to average assets increased 
 to 2.11 , in part, due to the Central acquisition as well as increased costs as we continue 
to invest in new markets, technology, and 
 personnel. 
The changes in non-interest expense were driven by the following: 
 Salary and Employee Benefits -
 Salary and employee benefit costs increased due to new market expansion, annual merit 
increases, the 
 addition of employees as part of the Central acquisition and increased perform 
ance-based incentive compensation. 
 Occupancy -
 Occupancy costs increased due to the adoption of Accounting Standards Codification ASC 842, 
Leases on January 1, 
 2022 as well as a new lease in our Dallas market resulting from expansion. 
We currently expect occupancy costs to increase in 2023 related 
 to our expansion into the Fort Worth, TX market and may increase further as we enter new markets in the 
future. 
 Professional Fees -
 Professional fees increased due to 1.4 million related to the Central Bank acquisition, 
 0.3 million in lending related 
 legal fees and 0.1 million due to recruiting fees.
 Data Processing 
 
 Data processing expense increased due to the Central acquisition, account 
growth and costs related to our digital 
 banking conversion. 
 Advertising 
 - 
 The increase in advertising costs was driven by increased post-pandemic activities. 
 Software and Communication -
 The increase was driven by our continued investment in best-in-class technologies. 
In addition to the 
 growing number of technologies implemented, a portion of the increase 
in costs was due to our growth. 
 Foreclosed Assets, net -
 The decrease in foreclosed assets, net was due to the Company selling a foreclosed commercial use 
facility 
 during 2021 at a loss.
 Other non-interest expense -
 The increase was due to employee separation expense of 1.1 million and higher 
travel and entertainment 
 costs in 2022 due to an increase in post-pandemic activities.
 Our GAAP efficiency ratio for 2022 was 57.75 and our adjusted efficiency ratio FTE was 54.43 . See below 
under Non-
 GAAP Financial Measures for a reconciliation. We currently expect to manage the efficiency ratio lower through 2023 as we finish 
the 
 integration of Central and scale investments in new markets. 
 Income Taxes 
 Our income tax expense differs from the amount that would be calculated 
using the federal statutory tax rate, primarily from 
 investments in tax advantaged assets, such as bank-owned life insurance 
and tax-exempt municipal securities, state tax credits and permanent 
 tax differences from equity-based compensation. In addition, 2022 
included a 0.3 million charge related to certain non-deductible 
 acquisition costs in connection with the Central acquisition. Detail behind 
the differences between the statutory rate and effective tax rate for 

Table of Contents 
 39 
 the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020 is provided in 
 Note 12: Income Taxes
 
within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
 Statements. 

 The tax-exempt benefit diminishes as the Company s ratio of taxable income 
to tax-exempt income increases. We currently anticipate 
 the effective tax rate to remain in the range of 20 to 22 for 2023. A three-year trend of our income tax and effective tax rate is presented 
 below: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Income tax expense 
 
 15,973 
 
 17,556 
 
 2,713 
 Income before income taxes 
 
 77,572 
 
 86,969 
 
 15,314 
 Effective tax rate 
 21 
 
 20 
 
 18 
 
 Non-GAAP Financial Measures 
 In addition to disclosing financial measures determined in accordance 
with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles (GAAP), the 
 Company discloses certain non-GAAP financial measures including tangible common 
stockholders equity, tangible book value per 
 share, adjusted efficiency ratio FTE, adjusted net income, adjusted 
diluted earnings per share, adjusted return on average assets, 
 and adjusted return on average common equity. 
We consider the use of select non-GAAP financial measures and ratios to be useful for 
 financial and operational decision making and useful in evaluating period-to-period 
comparisons. We believe that these non-GAAP financial 
 measures provide meaningful supplemental information 
to investors regarding our performance by excluding certain expenditures or gains 
 that we believe are not indicative of our primary business operating results. We believe that management 
and investors benefit from referring 
 to these non-GAAP financial measures in assessing our performance and when planning, 
forecasting, analyzing and comparing past, present 
 and future periods. 
 These non-GAAP financial measures should not be considered a substitute for financial information presented 
in accordance with 
 GAAP and you should not rely on non-GAAP financial measures alone as measures of our performance. The non-GAAP financial measures 
 we present may differ from non-GAAP financial measures used by our peers or other companies. We compensate for these limitations by 
 providing the equivalent GAAP measures whenever we present the non-GAAP financial measures and by including a reconciliation 
of the 
 impact of the components adjusted for in the non-GAAP financial measure so that both measures and the 
individual components may be 
 considered when analyzing our performance. 
 A reconciliation of non-GAAP financial measures to the comparable GAAP financial measures follows. 
 For the Year Ended 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Adjusted net income: 
 Net income 
 
 61,599 
 
 69,413 
 
 12,601 
 Add: Acquisition costs 
 3,890 
 - 
 - 
 Add: Acquisition - Day 1 CECL provision 
 4,400 
 - 
 - 
 Add: Employee separation 
 1,063 
 - 
 - 
 Add: Unrealized loss on equity security 
 - 
 6,200 
 - 
 Add: Accelerated employee benefits 
 - 
 719 
 - 
 Less: BOLI settlement benefits
 (1)
 - 
 (1,841) 
 - 
 Add: Goodwill impairment
 (1)
 - 
 - 
 7,397 
 Less: Tax effect
 (2)
 (2,335) 
 (1,512) 
 - 
 Adjusted net income 
 
 68,617 
 
 72,979 
 
 19,998 
 Diluted weighted average common shares outstanding 
 50,002,054 
 52,030,582 
 52,548,547 
 Diluted earnings per share 
 
 1.23 
 
 1.33 
 
 0.24 
 Adjusted diluted earnings per share 
 
 1.37 
 
 1.40 
 
 0.38 
 (1) 
 No tax effect. 
 (2) 
 Represents the tax impact of the adjustments at a tax rate of 21.0 , plus permanent 
tax expense associated with merger related 
 transactions and permanent tax benefit associated with stock-based 
grants 

Table of Contents 
 40 
 For the Year Ended 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Adjusted return on average assets: 
 Net income 
 
 61,599 
 
 69,413 
 
 12,601 
 Adjusted net income 
 68,617 
 72,979 
 19,998 
 Average assets 
 
 5,760,031 
 
 5,591,471 
 
 5,358,479 
 Return on average assets 
 1.07 
 
 1.24 
 
 0.24 
 
 Adjusted return on average assets 
 1.19 
 
 1.31 
 
 0.37 
 
 For the Year Ended 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Adjusted return on common equity: 
 Net income 
 
 61,599 
 
 69,413 
 
 12,601 
 Adjusted net income 
 68,617 
 72,979 
 19,998 
 Average common equity 
 
 617,582 
 
 640,202 
 
 614,276 
 Return on average common equity 
 9.97 
 
 10.84 
 
 2.05 
 
 Adjusted return on average common equity 
 11.11 
 
 11.40 
 
 3.26 
 
 For the Year Ended 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Tangible common stockholders' equity: 
 Total stockholders' equity 
 
 608,599 
 
 667,573 
 
 624,428 
 Less: goodwill and other intangible assets 
 29,081 
 130 
 208 
 Tangible common stockholders' equity 
 
 579,518 
 
 667,443 
 
 624,220 
 Tangible book value per share: 
 Tangible common stockholders' equity 
 
 579,518 
 
 667,443 
 
 624,220 
 Shares outstanding at end of period 
 48,448,215 
 50,450,045 
 51,679,516 
 Book value per share 
 
 12.56 
 
 13.23 
 
 12.08 
 Tangible book value per share 
 
 11.96 
 
 13.23 
 
 12.08 

Table of Contents 
 41 
 For the Year Ended 
 12/31/2022 
 12/31/2021 
 12/31/2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Adjusted Efficiency Ratio - FTE
 (1)
 Non-interest expense 
 
 121,742 
 
 99,382 
 
 99,968 
 Less: Acquisition costs 
 (3,890) 
 - 
 - 
 Less: Core deposit intangible amortization 
 (291) 
 - 
 - 
 Less: Employee separation 
 (1,063) 
 - 
 - 
 Less: Accelerated employee benefits 
 - 
 (719) 
 - 
 Less: Goodwill impairment 
 - 
 - 
 (7,397) 
 Adjusted Non-interest expense (numerator) 
 
 116,498 
 
 98,663 
 
 92,571 
 Net interest income 
 193,534 
 168,691 
 160,249 
 Tax equivalent interest income
 (1)
 3,221 
 2,948 
 2,732 
 Non-interest income 
 17,281 
 13,660 
 11,733 
 Add: Unrealized loss on equity security 
 - 
 6,200 
 - 
 Less: BOLI settlement benefits 
 - 
 (1,841) 
 - 
 Total tax-equivalent income (denominator) 
 
 214,036 
 
 189,658 
 
 174,714 
 Efficiency Ratio 
 57.75 
 
 54.50 
 
 58.13 
 
 Adjusted Efficiency Ratio - FTE
 (1)
 54.43 
 
 52.02 
 
 52.98 
 
 (1) 
 Tax exempt income (tax-free municipal securities) is calculated on a tax equivalent 
basis. The incremental tax rate used is 21.0 . 
 Discussion and Analysis - Financial 
Condition 
 Loan Portfolio 
 At December 31, 2022, our loan portfolio was comprised of new loans 
that we have originated and loans that were acquired on 
 November 22, 2022 in the acquisition of Central. 
Certain of the comparative graphs below are excluding the Central loans and 
are so noted. 
 Loans represent our largest portion of earning assets and typically provide higher 
yields than other assets. The quality and 
 diversification of the loan portfolio is an important consideration when 
reviewing our financial condition. We established an internal loan 
 policy that outlines a standard lending philosophy and provides consistent direction 
to achieve goals and objectives, which include 
 maximizing earnings over the short and long term by managing risks through 
the policy. Internal concentration limits exist on all loans, 
 including commercial real estate, energy, and land development. We established strong 
underwriting practices and procedures to assess our 
 borrowers, including review of debt service, collateral value and evaluation 
of guarantors. We also engage third-parties to independently 
 review our loan portfolio. Appropriate actions are taken when a borrower is no longer able to service its debt. 
 Our loan portfolio consists of various types of loans, primarily made up of commercial 
and industrial and commercial real estate loans. 
 Commercial and industrial loans are generally paid back through normal business 
operations. Commercial real estate loans, which include 
 both construction and limited term financing are typically paid back through 
normal income from operations, the sale of the underlying 
 property or refinancing by other institutional sources. Most of our loans are made 
to borrowers within the states we operate, which include 
 Kansas, Missouri, Oklahoma, Arizona, Texas, Colorado and New Mexico. In addition, we occasionally invest 
in syndicated shared national 
 credits and loan participations. 

Table of Contents 
 42 
 16 
 8 
 15 
 10 
 8 
 3 
 8 
 6 
 5 
 21 
 16 
 11 
 11 
 9 
 9 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 6 
 23 
 Commercial and Industrial Loan Portfolio by Industry
 12/31/2022
 12/31/2021
 The following table presents the balance and associated percentage of 
each major product type within our portfolio as of the dates 
 indicated: 
 As of 

 December 31, 2022 
 As of 

 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 vs. 
 December 31, 2022 

 Change 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Commercial and industrial
 (1)
 
 1,017,678 
 
 843,024 
 20.7 
 
 Commercial and industrial lines of credit 
 957,254 
 617,398 
 55.0 
 Energy 
 173,218 
 278,579 
 (37.8) 
 Commercial real estate 
 1,718,947 
 1,278,479 
 34.5 
 Construction and land development 
 794,788 
 574,852 
 38.3 
 Residential real estate 
 409,124 
 360,046 
 13.6 
 Multifamily real estate 
 237,984 
 240,230 
 (0.9) 
 Consumer 
 63,736 
 63,605 
 0.2 
 Total 
 
 5,372,729 
 
 4,256,213 
 26.2 
 
 (1) Total includes PPP loans of 3.2 million and 64.8 million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 
 For a description of the Company s loan segments refer to the Loan Portfolio 
Segments section within 
 Note 4: Loans and Allowance 
 for Credit Losses
 
within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Commercial and Industrial Loans 
 The Company provides a mix of variable- and fixed-rate commercial 
and industrial loans across various industries. We extend 
 commercial and industrial loans on an unsecured and secured basis. Unsecured 
commercial and industrial loan balances totaled 271 million 
 or 5 of the total loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022 compared to 126 million or 3 as of 
December 31, 2021. 

 Our commercial and industrial loan portfolio is comprised of diverse industry segments. A breakdown of the Company s commercial 
 and industrial loan portfolio by industry, excluding the loans acquired from 
Central, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is provided below: 

Table of Contents 
 43 
 16 
 6 
 6 
 3 
 6 
 5 
 2 
 3 
 5 
 5 
 5 
 25 
 13 
 16 
 5 
 8 
 3 
 4 
 6 
 3 
 2 
 4 
 4 
 5 
 25 
 15 
 Real Estate Loan Portfolio by Segment
 12/31/2022
 12/31/2021
 29 
 18 
 13 
 7 
 6 
 27 
 30 
 18 
 16 
 9 
 3 
 24 
 TX
 KS
 OK
 MO
 AZ
 Remaining
 States
 Real Estate Loan Portfolio by Geography
 12/31/2022
 12/31/2021
 Real Estate Loans 
 Our real estate portfolio is comprised of construction and development loans, 
residential family and multifamily loans and commercial 
 real estate loans. Our Real Estate portfolio, 
excluding Central, is predominately in-market relationships with 73 of 
Real Estate loans 
 located within our footprint of Kansas, Missouri, Texas, Oklahoma and Arizona as of December 31, 2022, based on the geographical 
location 
 of the collateral. 
A breakdown of our real estate portfolio by type and geography (based upon location of collateral), excluding the loans 
 acquired from Central, as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 is presented 
below: 

Table of Contents 
 44 
 The following table shows the contractual maturities of our gross loans and 
sensitivity to interest rate changes: 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Due in One Year 
or Less 
 Due in One Year 
through Five 
 Years 
 Due in Five Year 
through 
 Fifteen Years 
 Due after Fifteen Years 
 Fixed Rate 
 Adjustable 
 Rate 
 Fixed Rate 
 Adjustable 
 Rate 
 Fixed Rate 
 Adjustable 
 Rate 
 Fixed Rate 
 Adjustable 
 Rate 
 Total 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Commercial and industrial 
 
 89,571 
 
 116,378 
 
 308,284 
 
 341,195 
 
 46,807 
 
 93,496 
 
 19,589 
 
 2,358 
 
 1,017,678 
 Commercial and industrial lines of credit 
 47,360 
 388,302 
 21,288 
 464,461 
 16,101 
 19,742 
 - 
 - 
 957,254 
 Energy 
 - 
 29,159 
 916 
 143,143 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 - 
 173,218 
 Commercial real estate 
 64,215 
 221,690 
 477,324 
 452,410 
 179,940 
 262,030 
 8,846 
 52,492 
 1,718,947 
 Construction and land development 
 28,382 
 81,548 
 82,146 
 492,424 
 30,608 
 34,787 
 3,661 
 41,232 
 794,788 
 Residential real estate 
 4,380 
 2,630 
 21,987 
 4,846 
 68,818 
 5,856 
 377 
 300,230 
 409,124 
 Multifamily real estate 
 4,379 
 60,235 
 61,750 
 98,023 
 4,864 
 8,733 
 - 
 - 
 237,984 
 Consumer 
 3,449 
 12,356 
 8,669 
 12,656 
 371 
 24,612 
 - 
 1,623 
 63,736 
 Total 
 
 241,736 
 
 912,298 
 
 982,364 
 
 2,009,158 
 
 347,509 
 
 449,256 
 
 32,473 
 
 397,935 
 
 5,372,729 
 Provision and Allowance for Credit Losses ACL 
 The Company implemented the CECL model as of January 1, 2022. Refer 
to 
 Note 1: Nature of Operations and Summary of 
 Significant Accounting Policies
 
and 
 Note 4: Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses
 
within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 for details regarding the transition, including the impact to the financial statements. 
The CECL model compared to the incurred loss model 
 may accelerate the provision for credit losses if the Company s 
loan portfolio continues to grow. 
In addition, positive (negative) forward-
 looking indicators may decrease (increase) the required provision for 
credit losses. 
 The ACL at December 31, 2022 represents our best estimate of the expected credit losses in the Company s loan portfolio and off-
 balance sheet commitments, measured over the contractual life of the underlying 
instrument. 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Asset quality 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Provision for credit losses
 (1)
 
- loans 
 
 7,997 
 
 (4,000) 
 
 56,700 
 Provision for credit losses
 (1)
 
- off-balance sheet 
 3,504 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 Allowance for credit losses
 (2)
 
- loans 
 61,775 
 58,375 

75,295 
 Allowance for credit losses
 (2)
 
- off-balance sheet 
 8,688 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 Net charge-offs 
 
 3,765 
 
 12,920 
 
 38,301 
 (1) 
 Prior to 2022, this line represents the provision for loan losses 
 (2)
 
Prior to 2022, this line represents the allowance for loan and lease losses 
 Upon adoption of the CECL model, the Company established a reserve for unfunded commitments RUC and 
reduced the ACL 
 1.7 million as of January 1, 2022. 
During 2022, the ACL increased by 3.4 million due to 4.6 million in Central Day 1 CECL provision 
 on non-PCD loans and a 0.9 million Central Day 1 provision on PCD loans. 
In addition, the ACL grew 12.8 million due to loan growth 
 and changes in credit quality and economic factors. 
These increases were partially offset by the day 1 impact of CECL adoption noted 
 above of 1.7 million, 3.8 million in net charge-offs, and a reduction 
in reserves on impaired loans of 9.4 million. 

Table of Contents 
 45 
 January 1, 2022, the adoption date, is presented below instead of December 
31, 2021 for comparability purposes. The allocation in one 
 portfolio segment does not preclude its availability to absorb losses in other segments. The table below 
presents the allocation of the 
 allowance for credit losses as of the dates indicated: 

 December 31, 2022 
 January 1, 2022 
 ACL Amount 
 ACL Amount 
 Loans 
 Off-
 Balance 
 Sheet 
 Total 
 Percent of 
 ACL to 
 Total ACL 
 Percent of 
 Loans to 
 Total Loans 
 Loans 
 Off-
 Balance 
 Sheet 
 Total 
 Percent of 
 ACL to 
 Total ACL 
 Percent of 
 Loans to 
 Total Loans 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Commercial and industrial 
 
 12,272 
 
 245 
 
 12,517 
 18 
 
 19 

10,139 
 
 107 
 
 10,246 

17 
 
 20 
 
 Commercial and industrial lines of credit 
 14,531 

74 

14,605 
 21 
 18 
 8,866 
 44 

8,910 
 14 
 14 
 Energy 
 4,396 
 787 
 5,183 

7 

3 
 9,190 
 265 
 9,455 
 15 
 7 
 Commercial real estate 
 19,504 
 700 
 20,204 
 29 
 32 
 18,933 
 711 
 19,644 
 32 

30 
 Construction and land development 
 5,337 
 6,830 
 12,167 
 17 
 15 
 3,666 

3,914 
 7,580 
 12 
 14 
 Residential real estate 
 3,110 
 35 
 3,145 
 4 
 8 
 3,046 
 5 
 3,051 
 5 
 8 
 Multifamily real estate 
 2,253 
 14 
 2,267 
 3 
 4 
 2,465 
 137 
 2,602 
 4 
 6 
 Consumer 
 372 
 3 
 375 
 1 
 1 
 323 
 1 
 324 
 1 
 1 
 Gross loans 
 
 61,775 
 
 8,688 
 
 70,463 
 100 
 
 100 

56,628 
 
 5,184 
 
 61,812 
 100 
 
 100 
 
 Refer to 
 Note 4: Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses
 
within the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements for a summary 
of the 
 changes in the ACL. Provided below is additional information regarding changes to the ACL: 
 Charge-offs and Recoveries 
 The below table provides the ratio of net charge-offs (recoveries) to average 
loans outstanding based on our loan categories for the 
 periods indicated: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Commercial and industrial 
 - 
 
 0.07 
 
 2.41 
 
 Commercial and industrial lines of credit 
 0.31 

2.69 

1.21 
 Energy 
 1.19 
 0.32 
 1.24 
 Commercial real estate 
 (0.09) 
 - 
 0.14 
 Residential real estate 
 0.05 
 (0.08) 
 0.11 
 Multifamily real estate 
 - 
 (0.01) 
 - 
 Consumer 
 (0.01) 
 0.04 
 0.14 
 Total net charge-offs to average loans 
 0.08 
 
 0.30 
 
 0.89 
 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, charge-offs primarily related 
to three commercial and industrial and commercial and industrial 
 line of credit borrowers, three energy borrowers and two non-owner 
occupied commercial real estate borrowers who were unable to meet 
 their debt obligations. 
Recoveries totaled 7.0 million for the year ended December 31, 2022 and were primarily 
related to six commercial 
 and industrial loans/lines of credit, two energy loans and two non-owner occupied commercial real 
estate loans that were previously charged-
 off. 
 Non-performing assets and past due loans 
 Non-performing assets include: (i) non-performing loans - includes non-accrual 
loans, loans past due 90 days or more and still 
 accruing interest, and loans modified under TDRs that are not performing in accordance 
with their modified terms; (ii) foreclosed assets held 
 for sale; (iii) repossessed assets; and (iv) impaired debt securities. 

Table of Contents 
 46 
 The table below summarizes our non-performing assets and related ratios as of 
the dates indicated: 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Asset quality 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Non-accrual loans 
 
 11,272 
 
 31,432 
 
 75,051 
 Loans 90+ days past due and still accruing 
 750 
 90 
 1,024 
 Total non-performing loans 
 12,022 
 31,522 

76,075 
 Foreclosed assets held-for-sale 
 1,130 
 1,148 
 2,347 
 Total non-performing assets 
 
 13,152 
 
 32,670 
 
 78,422 
 Loans 30 - 89 days past due 
 
 19,519 
 
 3,529 
 
 18,078 
 Asset quality metrics ) 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Non-performing loans to total loans 
 0.22 
 
 0.74 
 
 1.71 
 
 Non-performing assets to total assets 
 0.20 
 0.58 
 1.39 
 ACL to total loans 
 1.15 
 1.37 
 1.70 
 ACLs + RUC to total loans
 (1)
 1.31 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 ACL to non-performing loans 
 514 
 185 
 99 
 Classified Loans / (Capital + ACL) 
 10.1 
 10.8 
 40.9 
 Classified Loans / (Capital + ACL + RUC)
 (1)
 10.0 
 N/A 
 N/A 
 (1)
 
Includes the accrual for off-balance sheet credit risk from unfunded 
commitments that resulted from CECL adoption on January 1, 2022. 
 Credit quality metrics were significantly improved compared to the prior 
year. Non-performing assets decreased to 13.2 million at 
 December 31, 2022 entirely due to a 20.2 million decrease in non-accrual 
loans. The decline is attributable primarily to payments and 
 payoffs on non-accrual energy, commercial and industrial and commercial real 
estate loans during the year. The non-performing assets to 
 total assets ratio decreased to 0.20 at December 31, 2022 from 0.58 
at December 31, 2021. Classified loans decreased 11.2 million 
 during the year but included the addition of 5.7 million from Central. Without Central, classified 
assets decreased 16.9 million due to 
 reductions in classified energy, commercial and industrial and commercial real 
estate loans. 
Loans 30-89 days past due increased 16.0 
 million primarily due to administrative past dues which were short-term 
in nature. 

 Investment Portfolio 
 Our investment portfolio is governed by our investment policy that sets our 
objectives, limits and liquidity requirements among other 
 items. The portfolio is maintained to serve as a contingent, on-balance sheet source 
of liquidity. The objective of our investment portfolio is 
 to optimize earnings, manage credit risk, ensure adequate liquidity, manage 
interest rate risk, meet pledging requirements and meet 
 regulatory capital requirements. Our investment portfolio is generally 
comprised of government sponsored entity securities and U.S. state 
 and political subdivision securities with limits set on all types of securities. 
 At the date of purchase, all debt securities are classified as AFS securities. Since interest rates move in cycles, having an AFS portfolio 
 allows management to: (i) protect against additional unrealized market valuation 
losses; (ii) provide more liquidity as rates rise, which often 
 coincides 
with increasing loan demand and slower deposit growth; and (iii) generate 
more money to reinvest when rates are higher giving the 
 institution an opportunity to lock in higher yields. In the event the AFS portfolio becomes too large given the constraints 
set in the policy, 
 investments may be classified as held-to-maturity. Held-to-maturity 
classification will only be used if we have the intent and ability to hold 
 the investment to its maturity. 
 At December 31, 2022, AFS debt securities decreased 59 million or 8 from the prior year-end primarily 
due to the 112 million 
 increase in unrealized losses. During 2022, the Company purchased 50 million 
of tax-exempt municipal securities, 48 million of mortgage-
 backed securities, 10 million of SBA, and 6 million of corporate 
securities. 
During 2021, the Company purchased 117 million of tax-
 exempt municipal securities and 108 million of mortgage-backed 
securities primarily to deploy liquidity into higher yielding interest-
 earning assets. 
 For information related to the book value and fair value of our AFS securities at December 31, 2022 and 2021 
refer to the Available-
 for-Sale Securities segment in 
 Note 3: Securities
 
within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. For information 
related to the 
 investment maturity schedule and weighted average yield for each range of maturities 
refer to the Maturity Schedule segment in 
 Note 3: 
 Securities
 
within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Table of Contents 
 47 
 Bank-Owned Life Insurance 
 The Company maintains investments in BOLI policies to help control employee 
benefit costs, as a protection against loss of certain 
 employees and as a tax planning strategy. The decrease in yield during 2022 was primarily due 
to the Company recognizing 2 million in 
 tax-free death benefits from a BOLI policy in 2021, coupled with movements 
in the insurance carrier s underlying investments and operating 
 costs that decreased the overall income on the underlying asset. 
 The following table provides the balance of BOLI income earned and tax-equivalent 
yield for the periods indicated: 
 As of or For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Ending balance 
 
 69,101 
 
 67,498 
 
 67,498 
 Income earned 
 
 1,602 
 
 3,483 
 
 1,809 
 Tax-equivalent yield
 (1)
 2.9 
 
 6.4 
 
 3.4 
 
 (1) 
 Tax exempt income is calculated on a tax-equivalent basis. BOLI income is exempt from federal and state taxes. The incremental tax rate used is 24.7 
 between 2020 and 2022. 
 Deposits 
 The following table sets forth deposit balances by certain categories as of 
the dates indicated and the percentage of each deposit 
 category to total deposits: 
 As of 

 December 31, 2022 
 As of 

 December 31, 2021 
 December 31, 2021 vs. 
 December 31, 2022 

 Change 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Non-interest-bearing deposits 
 
 1,400,260 
 
 1,163,224 
 20.4 
 
 Transaction deposits 
 543,801 
 536,225 
 1.4 
 Savings and money market deposits 
 2,761,680 
 2,359,761 
 17.0 
 Time deposits
 (1)
 945,567 
 624,387 
 51.4 
 Total deposits 
 
 5,651,308 
 
 4,683,597 
 20.7 
 
 Total uninsured deposits
 (2)
 
 2,449,506 
 
 2,413,533 
 (1) 
 Includes 382 million and 91 million of brokered deposits, representing 
40 and 15 of time deposits for the years ended December 
 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 (2) 
 Based on estimated amounts of uninsured deposits and are based on the 
same methodologies and assumptions used for the Bank s 
 regulatory reporting requirements. 

 Deposits originate from our markets as well as through participation in certain wholesale 
programs. Deposit accounts are added by 
 loan cross-selling, client referrals and involvement within our community. The Company 
offers a variety of deposit products including non-
 interest-bearing demand deposits and interest-bearing deposits that include 
transaction accounts (including NOW accounts), savings 
 accounts, money market accounts, and certificates of deposit. The Bank also acquires 
brokered deposits, internet subscription certificates of 
 deposit, and reciprocal deposits through the Intrafi Network. The reciprocal deposits include 
both the Certificate of Deposit Account Registry 
 Service and Insured Cash Sweep program. The Company is a member of the Intrafi 
Network which effectively allows depositors to receive 
 FDIC insurance on amounts greater than the FDIC insurance limit, which is currently 
 250 thousand. The Intrafi Network allows institutions 
 to break large deposits into smaller amounts and place them in a network of other 
Intrafi Network institutions to ensure full FDIC insurance 
 is gained on the entire deposit. 
 At December 31, 2022, deposits increased 968 million, or 21 , from 
the prior year-end including 570 
million from the Central 
 acquisition. 
Non-interest-bearing deposits increased 237 million or 20 from December 
31, 2021 to December 31, 2022, including 225 
 million from the Central acquisition. The increase in non-interest-bearing deposits 
was driven by approximately 544 million of increased 
 deposits from current clients and approximately 189 million from new 
deposit relationships and 225 million from Central, partially offset 
 by deposit withdrawals. 
At both December 31, 2022 
and 2021, non-interest-bearing deposits represented 25 of total deposits. Transaction 
 deposits and savings and money market deposits increased 409 million 
at December 31, 2022 as compared to December 31, 2021, as a 
 result of new deposit relationships, 
increased deposits from current clients and the acquisition of Central. Time deposits increased 
by 321 
 million during 2022. Approximately 489 million of time deposits matured in 2022, offset by 829 
million of new and renewed time 
 deposits. 
Brokered time deposits increased during 2022 to meet short-term liquidity needs. 

Table of Contents 
 48 
 The following table sets forth the maturity of time deposits as of December 
31, 2022: 
 As of December 31, 2022 
 Three Months or 
 Less 
 Three to Six 
 Months 
 Six to Twelve 
 Months 
 After Twelve 
 Months 
 Total 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Time deposits in excess of FDIC insurance limit 
 
 24,769 
 
 26,203 
 
 49,409 
 
 211,123 
 
 311,504 
 Time deposits below FDIC insurance limit 
 164,871 
 168,450 
 155,278 
 145,464 
 634,063 
 Total time deposits 
 
 189,640 
 
 194,653 
 
 204,687 
 
 356,587 
 
 945,567 
 Other Borrowed Funds 
 Since it may not be possible to achieve the institution s overall funding needs 
through core deposit funding, other borrowings may be 
 used to support asset growth. The risks associated with other borrowings are addressed in the same 
fashion as other financial condition risks 
 incurred by the Bank. Credit risk, interest rate risk, concentration risk, capital 
adequacy and liquidity are measured for the consolidated 
 statement of financial condition as a whole, including any wholesale funding 
strategies that have been implemented or are expected to be 
 implemented. 

 The following table sets forth the amounts outstanding and weighted 
average interest rate of our borrowings as of the dates indicated:
 As of December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Amount 
 Weighted Average 
 Interest Rate 
 Amount 
 Weighted Average 
 Interest Rate 
 Amount 
 Weighted Average 
 Interest Rate 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Repurchase agreements 

2,306 
 0.15 
 
 Federal funds purchased 
 20,000 
 4.65 

FHLB borrowings
 (1)
 218,111 
 3.02 
 236,600 
 1.92 
 293,100 
 1.78 
 Trust preferred securities
 (2)
 1,061 
 6.51 
 1,009 
 1.94 
 963 
 1.96 
 TIB line of credit 
 5,000 
 7.50 

SBA loan secured borrowings 
 9,396 
 N/A 

Total other borrowings 
 
 253,568 
 3.41 

237,609 
 1.92 

296,369 
 1.77 
 
 (1) 
 Includes FHLB advances and FHLB line of credit. 
 (2) 
 The difference between the interest rate above and the interest rate 
in the table below is due to the Company assuming a liability 
with a fair value of 1 million related to 
 the assumption of trust preferred securities issued by Leawood 
Bancshares Statutory Trust I for 4 million on September 
30, 2005. In 2012, the Company settled litigation 
 related to the trust preferred securities which decreased the principal 
balance by 2 million and the recorded balance by 
approximately 400 thousand. The difference 
 between the recorded amount and the contract value of 
 3 million is being accreted to the maturity date in 
2035. 
 For a description and general terms of the other borrowed funds, refer 
to 
 Note 11: Borrowing Arrangements
 
within the Notes to the 
 Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Table of Contents 
 49 
 The following table sets forth the maximum amount at any month end during the 
reporting period, the weighted average interest rate 
 and the average balance of other borrowings during the reported period 
for the years indicated: 

 For the Year Ended 
December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 Maximum 
 Amount 
 Outstanding at 
 Any Month End 
 Average 
 Amount 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Interest Rate 
 Maximum 
 Amount 
 Outstanding at 
 Any Month End 
 Average 
 Amount 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Interest Rate 
 Maximum 
 Amount 
 Outstanding at 
 Any Month End 
 Average 
 Amount 
 Weighted 
 Average 
 Interest Rate 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Repurchase agreements 
 
 5,695 
 
 827 
 0.13 

6,218 
 
 1,821 
 0.15 

57,259 
 
 32,265 
 0.49 
 
 Federal funds purchased 
 20,000 
 7,836 
 1.22 

30,000 
 2,589 
 0.19 
 Federal reserve discount 
 window 

15,000 
 1,055 
 0.24 
 FHLB borrowings
 (1)
 326,600 
 224,182 
 2.11 
 293,100 
 277,558 
 2.10 
 470,659 
 382,047 
 1.66 
 Trust preferred securities 
 1,061 
 1,031 
 8.83 
 1,009 
 982 
 5.05 
 963 
 939 
 11.34 
 TIB line of credit 
 5,000 
 27 

SBA loan secured borrowings 
 
 10,897 
 1,170 
 
N/A 

Total other borrowings 
 
 235,073 
 2.10 

280,361 
 2.10 

418,895 
 1.58 
 
 (1) 
 Includes FHLB advances and FHLB line of credit. 
 Liquidity and Capital Resources 
 Contractual Obligations and Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 The Company is subject to contractual obligations made in the ordinary 
course of business. The obligations include deposit liabilities, 
 other borrowed funds, and operating leases. Refer to 
 Note 11: Borrowing Arrangements
 
within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
 Statements for a listing of our December 31, 2022 significant contractual 
cash obligations to third parties on debt obligations. Refer to
 
Note 
 6: Leases
 
within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for a 
summary of our contractual cash obligations to third parties on 
 lease obligations. 

 As a financial services provider, the Company is a party to various financial instruments 
with off-balance sheet risks, such as 
 commitments to extend credit. Off-balance sheet arrangements represent the 
Company s future cash requirements. However, a portion of 
 these commitments may expire without being drawn upon. Refer to 
 Note 21: Commitments and Credit Risk
 
within the Notes to the 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
for a listing of our December 31, 2022 off-balance sheet arrangements. 

 The Company s short-term and long 
-term contractual obligations, including off-balance 
sheet obligations, may be satisfied through 
 our on-balance sheet and off-balance sheet liquidity 
discussed below. 

 Liquidity 
 Liquidity is the ability to generate adequate amounts of cash from depositors, 
stockholders, profits or other funding sources, to meet 
 our needs for funding, including payments to borrowers, operational 
costs, capital requirements and other strategic cash flow needs. 

 Our liquidity policy governs our approach to our liquidity position. The objective is to maintain 
adequate, but not excessive, liquidity 
 to meet the daily cash flow needs of our clients while attempting to achieve 
adequate earnings for our stockholders. Our liquidity position is 
 monitored continuously by our finance department. 
 Liquidity resources can be derived from two sources: (i) on-balance 
sheet liquidity resources, which represent funds currently on the 
 consolidated statement of financial condition; and (ii) off-balance sheet liquidity 
resources, which represent funds available from third-party 
 sources. On-balance sheet liquidity resources include overnight funds, short 
-term deposits with other banks, AFS securities, and certain other 
 sources. Off-balance sheet liquidity resources consist of credit lines, wholesale 
deposits and debt funding and certain other sources. 
 On-balance sheet liquidity resources can be broken down into three 
sections: (i) primary liquidity resources, which represent liquid 
 funds that are on the consolidated statement of financial condition; (ii) 
tertiary liquidity resources, which represent assets that can be sold 
 into the secondary market; and (iii) public funds, which represent deposits. Primary 
liquidity resources include overnight funds plus short-
 term, interest-bearing deposits with other banks and unpledged AFS securities. Tertiary liquidity resources include loans that can 
be sold into 
 the secondary market or through participation and unpledged securities classified 
as held-to-maturity. Public funds are another source of 
 wholesale deposits as they require collateral. 
 Off-balance sheet liquidity resources require sufficient collateral, in 
the form of loans or securities, and have a larger, negative impact 
 on our capital ratios. As a result, off-balance sheet liquidity has a higher cost on our asset growth compared to deposit growth. 
Off-balance 
 sheet liquidity exists in several forms including: (i) internet subscription 
certificates of deposit; (ii) brokered deposits; (iii) borrowing 
 capacity; (iv) repurchase agreements; or (v) other sources. 

Table of Contents 
 50 
 Internet subscription certificates of deposit are deposits made through national, 
wholesale certificates of deposit funding programs. 
 These programs are designed to provide funding outside of the Bank s normal 
market or existing client base and allow the Bank to diversify 
 its wholesale funding resources. This form of funding does not require collateral and generally 
cannot be redeemed early. Brokered deposits 
 are deposits funded through various broker-dealer relationships. The market 
for wholesale deposits is well developed. A key feature of this 
 type of funding is that it is generally unsecured and does not require collateral for 
pledging. 
 Borrowing capacity refers to a form of liability-based funding. Repurchase 
agreements are another source of short-term funding in 
 which a bank agrees to sell a security to a counterparty and repurchase the same or 
an identical security from the counterparty at a specified 
 future date and price. Public funds are another source of wholesale deposits as they 
require collateral. 
 Our short-term and long-term liquidity requirements are primarily met 
through cash flow from operations, redeployment of prepaying 
 and maturing balances in our loan portfolio and security portfolio, increases 
in client deposits and wholesale deposits. Other alternative 
 sources of funds will supplement these primary sources to the extent necessary 
to meet additional liquidity requirements on either a short-
 term or long-term basis. The Company believes that its current liquidity and access to such 
alternative sources of funds will be sufficient to 
 meet anticipated cash requirements for the next 12 months and thereafter. 
 The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows summarize our sources 
and uses of cash by type of activity for the years ended 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021. As of December 31, 2022, we had cash and cash equivalents of 300 million compared 
to 483 million at 
 December 31, 2021. The change in cash and cash equivalents was due to an 80 million increase in 
cash provided by operating activities, a 
 620 million decrease in cash provided by investing activities primarily 
due to strong loan growth and net cash provided by financing 
 activities of 357 million primarily due to increases in time deposits. During 
2022, liquid assets decreased as loan growth outpaced deposit 
 growth. The decrease was partially offset by net cash activity from the Central acquisition of 
 126 million. 
 As of December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020, we had the following available 
funding: 
 As of December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 On-balance sheet liquidity
 (1)
 
 986,482 
 
 1,224,253 
 
 1,046,110 
 Off-balance sheet liquidity
 (2)
 770,165 
 732,748 
 756,325 
 Total liquidity 
 
 1,756,647 
 
 1,957,001 
 
 1,802,435 
 On-balance sheet liquidity
 (1)
 
as a percent of assets 
 15 
 
 22 
 
 19 
 
 Total liquidity as a percent of assets 
 27 
 
 35 
 
 32 
 
 (1) 
 On-balance sheet liquidity represents funds currently on the consolidated statements of financial condition. It consists of overnight funds, short-term 
 deposits with other banks and unpledged AFS securities. 
 (2) 
 Off-balance sheet liquidity represents funds available from third-party sources including credit lines, FHLB, and FRB. 
 Capital Requirements 
 The Company and the Bank are subject to various regulatory capital requirements 
administered by the federal banking agencies. 
 Failure to meet minimum capital requirements can initiate certain mandatory 
and possibly additional discretionary actions by regulators that, 
 if undertaken, could have a direct material effect on the Company s consolidated 
financial statements. Refer to Item 1. Business under the 
 Supervision and Regulation section for a detailed discussion regarding 
our capital requirements. 

 Refer to 
 Note 14: Regulatory Matters
 
in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for the table that 
summarizes the capital 
 requirements applicable to the Company and the Bank in order to be considered 
 well-capitalized from a regulatory perspective, as well as 
 the Company s and the Bank s capital ratios as of December 31, 2022 
and 2021. The Bank exceeded all regulatory capital requirements 
 under Basel III, and the Bank was considered to be well-capitalized for 
the periods ended December 31, 2022 and 2021. 

 Stockholders Equity 
 For the year ended December 31, 2022, the Company s stockholders equity decreased primarily due to changes to the unrealized 
loss 
 on AFS securities, 
the impact of Central and share repurchases, partially offset by an increase in 
net income. 
 Changes in stockholders equity for the fiscal years ended December 31, 2020, 2021, and 2022 
are provided in the Consolidated 
 Statements of Stockholders Equity. Additional information regarding the Company s stock activity is provided in 
 Note 19: Stockholders 
 Equity
 
within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 

Table of Contents 
 51 
 Interest Rate Sensitivity 
 A primary component of market risk is interest rate volatility. Managing interest rate risk is a key element of our 
consolidated 
 statement of financial condition management. Interest rate risk is the risk that net 
interest margins will be eroded over time due to changing 
 market conditions. Many factors can cause margins to erode including, without 
limitation, (i) lower loan demand; (ii) increased competition 
 for funds; (iii) weak pricing policies; (iv) statement of financial condition 
mismatches; and (v) changing liquidity demands. We manage our 
 sensitivity position in accordance with our interest rate risk policy. The management 
of interest rate risk is a three-step process and involves: 
 (i) measuring the interest rate risk position; (ii) policy constraints; and (iii) 
strategic review and implementation. 
 Our exposure to interest rate risk is managed by the Bank s Asset/Liability Committee ALCO in accordance 
with policies 
 approved by the Bank s board of directors. ALCO uses a combination of three systems to measure the statement of financial 
condition s 
 interest rate risk position. Because each system serves a different purpose and 
provides a different perspective, the three systems in 
 combination are expected to provide a better overall result than a single system alone. The three systems include: 
(i) gap reports; (ii) earnings 
 simulation; and (iii) economic value of equity EVE ). 
 
A gap report measures the repricing volume of assets and liabilities by time period. The difference between repricing assets and 
 repricing liabilities for a particular time period is known as the periodic repricing 
gap. Using this method, it is possible to estimate 
 the impact on earnings of a given rate change. As a method of evaluating interest rate risk, the gap report is a reasonably 
accurate 
 method of assessing earnings exposure. However, its reliability diminishes 
as statement of financial condition complexity increases. 
 Optionality and other factors complicate the analysis. 
 
An earnings simulation measures the effect of changing interest rates on net interest 
income and earnings. Earnings simulation is 
 more detailed than gap analysis. Under this approach, the repricing characteristics 
of each asset and liability instrument are 
 programmed into a computer simulation model. This programming allows the Bank 
to refine important characteristics such as caps, 
 floors, and time lag. It also allows the Bank to include the impact of new business 
activity in the analysis. Gap reporting only 
 considers the existing statement of financial condition position. 
 
EVE is a valuation approach to measuring long-term interest rate risk exposure. This approach 
considers all future time periods, 
 which provides an advantage over earnings simulation. However, a negative 
attribute of EVE is that it assumes a sustained change 
 in rates, which is never the case in the long-term. This seeks to compute the financial risk of having 
a duration mismatch between 
 assets and funding. 
 In addition, ALCO compares the current interest rate risk position to policy limits. This procedure is compliance oriented and results 
 in either a pass or fail outcome. When the statement of financial condition is in compliance, no 
further action is necessary. In instances of 
 noncompliance, ALCO will develop a plan of action to correct the condition. A summary of the plan and its timing for completion will be 
 forwarded to the board of directors each quarter until compliance is reestablished. 
 ALCO also evaluates interest rate risk positioning in light of anticipated 
interest rates. The purpose of this comparison is to determine 
 whether action steps need to be taken to modify current strategy. The results form a 
decision-making input for ALCO. If it is determined that 
 more asset sensitivity is needed, ALCO will either increase rate sensitive assets or reduce rate sensitive liabilities. The opposite 
will occur if 
 less asset sensitivity is desired. 
 Loan and deposit repricing assumptions are critical in measuring interest rate risk. 
For loans, management reviews spreads and 
 prepayment assumptions. For deposits, management reviews beta 
factors and decay assumptions. ALCO reviews and adjusts repricing 
 assumptions at least annually. Model assumptions are included in the output 
reports and reviewed by ALCO on a periodic basis. 
 When evaluating statement of financial condition rate sensitivity, a proper 
analysis of total funding is of critical importance. The 
 funding side of the statement of financial condition can be segregated 
into three broad categories, as follows: (i) funding with defined 
 maturity dates; (ii) non-maturity deposits; and (iii) perpetual funding. 

Funding with defined maturity dates includes certificates of deposit and 
borrowed funds. The repricing analysis requires a twofold 
 statement of behavior for each statement of financial condition 
category. It requires a cash flow schedule for principal and interest 
 payments and a repricing schedule of rate adjustments. Once the cash flow 
and repricing projections are developed, the category can 
 be analyzed for interest rate risk exposure. 
 
Non-maturity deposits tend to be a longer term, less volatile source 
of funds. Non-maturity deposits have very short contractual 
 lives. The Bank uses historical analysis to develop its decay assumptions, but it looks at aggregate 
account types rather than 
 individual clients. The review analyzes both non-maturity deposits as a whole and individual 
deposit categories. 

Table of Contents 
 52 
 
Perpetual funding is the most stable and least costly source of funding. Its main 
component is equity capital. It has a zero interest 
 rate and cannot be withdrawn by stockholders because of a rate change. 
In effect, it is a perpetual source of free funding. 

 Periodic independent evaluations are conducted and documented. Each 
evaluation consists primarily of: (i) an assessment of internal 
 controls; (ii) an evaluation of data integrity; (iii) the appropriateness of 
the risk management system; (iv) the reasonableness of validity 
 scenarios; (v) a review of ALCO s charter; and (vi) validation of calculations. In addition, to ensure the model is working as expected 
a back 
 test of the model is completed at least annually. 
 All of the assumptions used in our analysis are inherently uncertain and, 
as a result, the model cannot precisely measure future net 
 interest income or precisely predict the impact of fluctuations in market interest 
rates on net interest income. Actual results may differ from 
 the model s simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency 
of interest rate changes as well as changes in market conditions and the 
 application and timing of various management strategies. 
 On a quarterly basis, we run various simulation models including a static statement of 
financial condition and dynamic growth 
 statement of financial condition. These models test the impact on net interest income and fair value 
of equity from changes in market interest 
 rates under various scenarios. Under the static model and dynamic growth 
models, rates are shocked instantaneously and ramped rates 
 change over a 12-month horizon based upon parallel and nonparallel yield 
curve shifts. Parallel shock scenarios assume instantaneous 
 parallel movements in the yield curve compared to a flat yield curve scenario. Nonparallel 
simulation involves analysis of interest income 
 and expense under various changes in the shape of the yield curve. 
 Our internal policy regarding internal rate risk simulations currently 
specifies that for instantaneous parallel shifts of the yield curve, 
 estimated net interest income at risk for the subsequent one-year period 
should not decline by more than 10 for a -200 basis point shift, 
 15 for a -300 basis point shift, 5 for a -100 basis point shift, 5 for a 100 basis point 
shift, 10 for a 200 basis point shift, and 15 for a 
 300 basis point shift. 
 The Company has several instruments that can be used to manage interest rate risk, 
including: (i) modifying the duration of interest-
 bearing liabilities; (ii) modifying the duration of interest-earning assets, including 
our investment portfolio; and (iii) entering into on-balance 
 sheet derivatives. Based upon the nature of our operations, we are not subject to 
foreign exchange or commodity price risk. 
 ALCO evaluates interest rate risk using a rate shock method and rate ramp method. 
In a rate shock analysis, rates change immediately 
 and the change is sustained over the time horizon. In a rate ramp analysis, rate changes 
occur gradually over time. The following tables 
 summarize the simulated changes in net interest income and fair value of 
equity over a 12-month horizon using a rate shock and rate ramp 
 method as of the dates indicated: 
 Hypothetical Change in Interest Rate - Rate Shock 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Change in Interest Rate 
 (Basis Points) 
 Percent Change in 
 Net Interest Income 
 Percent Change in 
 Fair Value of Equity 
 Percent Change in 
 Net Interest Income 
 Percent Change in 
 Fair Value of Equity 
 +300 
 7.9 
 
 (9.9) 
 
 7.9 
 
 (7.7) 
 
 +200 
 5.3 
 (6.4) 
 4.6 
 (4.7) 
 +100 
 2.6 
 (2.7) 
 1.5 
 (2.7) 
 Base 

-100 
 (2.7) 
 2.6 
 NA
 (1)
 NA
 (1)
 -200 
 (5.4) 
 5.1 
 NA
 (1)
 NA
 (1)
 -300 
 (11.2) 
 6.3 
 NA
 (1)
 NA
 (1)
 (1) 
 The Company decided to exclude the down rate environment from its analysis due to the already low interest rate environment. 

Table of Contents 
 53 
 Hypothetical Change in Interest Rate - Rate Ramp 
 December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 Change in Interest Rate 
 (Basis Points) 
 Percent Change in Net Interest Income 
 Percent Change in Net Interest Income 
 +300 
 3.4 
 
 3.4 
 
 +200 
 2.3 
 1.9 
 +100 
 1.1 
 0.6 
 Base 

-100 
 (1.1) 
 NA
 (1)
 -200 
 (2.3) 
 NA
 (1)
 -300 
 (3.9) 
 NA
 (1)
 (1) 
 The Company decided to exclude the down rate environment from its analysis due to the already low interest rate environment. 
 The hypothetical positive change in net interest income as of December 
31, 2022 
in an up 100 environment is primarily due to 
 approximately 63 of the Company s earning assets adjusting within 
the first year. In addition, the Company s time deposits and other 
 borrowings will continue to mature. Loans remain the largest portion of our 
adjustable earning assets, as the mix of adjustable loans or those 
 maturing in one year was 69 . 
 The models the Company uses include assumptions regarding interest rates 
and balance changes. 
These assumptions are inherently 
 uncertain and, as a result, the model cannot precisely estimate net interest income 
or precisely predict the impact of higher or lower interest 
 rates on net interest income. Actual results may differ from simulated results due to timing, magnitude and frequency 
of interest rate changes 
 as well as changes in market conditions, client behavior and management 
strategies, among other factors. 
 Critical Accounting 
Policies and Estimates 
 Our consolidated financial statements are prepared in accordance 
with GAAP and with general practices within the financial services 
 industry. Application of these principles requires management to make complex and subjective estimates and assumptions 
that affect the 
 amounts reported in the financial statements and accompanying notes. We base our 
estimates on historical experience and on various other 
 assumptions that we believe to be reasonable under current circumstances. These assumptions 
form the basis for our judgments about the 
 carrying values of assets and liabilities that are not readily available from independent, 
objective sources. We evaluate our estimates on an 
 ongoing basis. Use of alternative assumptions may have resulted in significantly 
different estimates. Actual results may differ from these 
 estimates. 
 The Company qualifies as an EGC under the JOBS Act. Section 107 of the JOBS Act provides that an EGC can take advantage of the 
 extended transition period when complying with new or revised accounting 
standards. This allows an EGC to delay adoption of certain 
 accounting standards until those standards would apply to private companies; 
however, the EGC can still early adopt new or revised 
 accounting standards, if applicable. We have elected to take advantage of this extended 
transition period, which means the financial 
 statements in this Form 10-K, as well as financial statements we file in the future, 
will be subject to all new or revised accounting standards 
 generally applicable to private companies, unless stated otherwise. This decision will remain 
in effect until the Company loses its EGC 
 status. 
 Our most significant accounting policies are described in 
 Note 1: Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting 
 Policies
 
within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. We identified the 
following accounting policies and estimates that, due to 
 the difficult, subjective or complex judgments and assumptions inherent 
in those policies and estimates and the potential sensitivity of our 
 financial statements to those judgments and assumptions, are critical to 
an understanding of our financial condition and results of operations. 
 Allowance for Credit Losses 
 The determination of the ACL, which represents management s estimate of expected lifetime credit loss is recognized 
at the origination or 
 purchase of an asset, including those acquired through a business combination, 
which is then reassessed at each reporting date over the 
 contractual life of the asset. The calculation of expected credit losses includes consideration 
of past events, current conditions, and reasonable 
 and supportable economic forecasts that affect the collectability of the 
reported amounts. Generally, expected credit losses are determined 
 through a pooled, collective assessment of loans and leases with similar risk characteristics. 
However, if the risk characteristics of a loan or 
 lease change such that it no longer matches that of the collectively assessed pool, it is removed 
from the population and individually assessed 
 for credit losses. The total ACL on loans and leases recorded by management represents the aggregated estimated credit loss determined 
 through both the collective and individual assessments. 
See 
 Note 4: Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses
 
in the Notes to the Consolidated 
 Financial Statements for additional information. 

Table of Contents 
 54 
 Although management believes the levels of the allowance for credit losses at December 
31, 2022 are adequate to absorb expected credit 
 losses, if actual results are materially different from the judgments and uncertainties 
made, the Company would be required to increase 
 (decrease) its credit losses provision resulting in a decrease (increase) in 
net income. 

 Business Combinations 
 The Company applies the acquisition method of accounting for 
business combinations in accordance with ASC 805, Business Combinations. 
 Under the acquisition method, the acquiring entity in a business combination 
recognizes all of the identifiable assets acquired and liabilities 
 assumed at their acquisition date fair values. Management utilizes prevailing 
valuation techniques appropriate for the asset or liability being 
 measured in determining these fair values. Any excess of the purchase price over amounts allocated to assets acquired, 
including identifiable 
 intangible assets, and liabilities assumed is recorded as goodwill. Where amounts allocated 
to assets acquired and liabilities assumed is 
 greater than the purchase price, a bargain purchase gain is recognized. Acquisition-related costs are expensed 
as incurred. 
See 
 Note 2: 
 Acquisition Activities
 
in the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements for further informatio 
n. 
 Recent Accounting 
Pronouncements 
 Refer to 
 Note 1: Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
 Statements included elsewhere in this form 10-K. 

 Item 7A. 
Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures about Market Risk 
 The information included under the caption Interest Rate Sensitivity in 
Management s Discussion and Analysis is incorporated 
 herein by reference. 

Table of Contents 
 55 
 Item 8. 
Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 Section
 Page Number
 Report of FORVIS, LLP Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 56 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 58 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 59 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 60 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 61 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 62 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 63 
 Note 1: Nature of Operations and Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 63 
 Note 2: Acquisition Activities 
 69 
 Note 3: Securities 
 72 
 Note 4: Loans and Allowance for Credit Losses 
 75 
 Note 5: Premises and Equipment 
 88 
 Note 
 6 
 : Leases 
 88 
 Note 
 7 
 : Goodwill and Core Deposit Intangibles 
 89 
 Note 
 8 
 : Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 90 
 Note 
 9 
 : Foreclosed Assets 
 92 
 Note 1 
 0 
 : Interest-bearing Time Deposits 
 92 
 Note 1 
 1 
 : Borrowing Arrangements 
 93 
 Note 12: Income Taxes 
 94 
 Note 1 
 3 
 : Changes in Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 95 
 Note 1 
 4 
 : Regulatory Matters 
 95 
 Note 1 
 5 
 : Employee Benefit Plan 
 96 
 Note 1 
 6 
 : Revenue from Contracts with Clients 
 97 
 Note 17: Stock-Based Compensation 
 97 
 Note 18: Stock Warrants 
 100 
 Note 19: Stockholders Equity 
 101 
 Note 20: Disclosure about Fair Market Value of Financial Instruments 
 101 
 Note 21 
 : Commitments and Credit Risk 
 104 
 Note 2 
 2 
 : Parent Company Condensed Financial Statements 
 105 
 Note 2 
 3 
 : Subsequent Events 
 106 

Table of Contents 
 56 
 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 To the Shareholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 Leawood, Kansas 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated statements of financial condition of CrossFirst Bankshares, 
 Inc. (the Company as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, the related 
consolidated statements of operations, 
 comprehensive income (loss), stockholders equity, and cash flows for each of the years in the three-year 
 period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred 
to as the financial statements ). 

 In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements referred to above present 
fairly, in all material respects, 
 the financial position of the Company as of December 31, 2022 
and 2021, and the results of its operations and 
 its cash flows for each of the years in the three-year period ended December 
31, 2022, in conformity with 
 accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 
 Change in Accounting Principle 
 As discussed 
in Note 
1 to 
the consolidated 
financial statements, 
the Company 
changed its 
method of 
accounting 
for the 
 recognition 
and 
measurement 
of 
credit 
losses 
as 
of 
January 
1, 
2022, 
due 
to 
the 
adoption 
of ASU 
2016-13, 
 Financial 
 Instruments 
-
 Credit 
Losses
 
(Topic 
326): 
 Measurement 
of 
Credit 
Losses 
on 
Financial 
Instruments
 
and 
its 
related 
 amendments. 
 As discussed in Note 1 
to the consolidated financial statements, 
the Company changed its method 
of accounting for leases 
 as of January 1, 2022, due to the adoption of ASU 2016-02 
 Leases
 
(Topic 842). 
 Basis for Opinion 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to 
express 
 an opinion on the Company s consolidated financial statements based on our audits. 
 We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United 
 States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to 
the Company in accordance with the 
 U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations 
of the Securities 
and Exchange 
 Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we 
 plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether 
the consolidated financial 
 statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. 

Table of Contents 
 57 
 Our audits included procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement, 
whether due to error or fraud, 
 and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures include examining, 
on a test basis, 
 evidence supporting the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. 
Our audits also included 
 evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made 
by management, as well as 
 evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a 
 reasonable basis for 
our opinion. 
 (Formerly, BKD, LLP) 
 We 
 have served as the Company s auditor since 2009. 
 Kansas City, Missouri 
 March 3, 2023 

Table of Contents 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 58 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 As of December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Assets 
 Cash and cash equivalents 

Available-for-sale securities - taxable 

Available-for-sale securities - tax-exempt 

Loans, net of allowance for credit losses of 

and 

at December 31, 2022 and 
 2021, respectively 

Premises and equipment, net 

Restricted equity securities 

Interest receivable 

Foreclosed assets held for sale 

Goodwill and other intangible assets, net 
 29,081 
 130 
 Bank-owned life insurance 

Other 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders equity 
 Deposits 

Non-interest-bearing 

Savings, NOW and money market 

Time 

Total deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Other borrowings 

Interest payable and other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders equity 
 Preferred stock, 

par value: 
Authorized - 

shares, issued - 

Common stock, 

par value: 
Authorized - 

shares, issued - 

and 

shares at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Treasury stock, at cost: 

and 

shares held at December 31, 2022 and 2021, 
 respectively 
 )
 )
 Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 
 )
 
 Total stockholders equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders equity 

Table of Contents 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 59 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands, except per share data) 
 Interest Income 
 Loans, including fees 

Available-for-sale securities - taxable 

Available-for-sale securities - tax-exempt 

Deposits with financial institutions 

Dividends on bank stocks 

Total interest income 

Interest Expense 
 Deposits 

Fed funds purchased and repurchase agreements 

Federal Home Loan Bank Advances 

Other borrowings 

Total interest expense 

Net Interest Income 

Provision for Credit Losses 
 
 )
 
 Net Interest Income after Provision for Credit Losses 

Non-Interest Income 

Service charges and fees on customer accounts 

Realized gains on available-for-sale securities 

Gain on sale of loans 

(Losses) gains, net on equity securities 
 )
 )
 
 Income from bank-owned life insurance 

Swap fees and credit valuation adjustments, net 

)
 ATM and credit card interchange income 

Other non-interest income 

Total non-interest income 

Non-Interest Expense 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy 

Professional fees 

Deposit insurance premiums 

Data processing 

Advertising 

Software and communication 

Foreclosed assets, net 
 )

Goodwill impairment 

Other non-interest expense 

Total non-interest expense 

Net Income Before Taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net Income 

Basic Earnings Per Share 

Diluted Earnings Per Share 

Table of Contents 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 60 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Net Income 

Other Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 Unrealized (loss) gain on available-for-sale securities 
 )
 )
 
 Less: income tax (benefit) expense 
 )
 )
 
 Unrealized gain (loss) on available-for-sale securities, net of income tax 
 )
 )
 
 Reclassification adjustment for realized gains included in income 

Less: income tax expense 

Reclassification adjustment for realized gains included in income, net of 
income tax 

Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges 
 )
 )
 
 Less: income tax benefit 
 )
 )
 
 Unrealized loss on cash flow hedges, net of income tax 
 )
 )
 
 Other comprehensive (loss) income 
 )
 )
 
 Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 
 )

Table of Contents 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 61 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 Preferred Stock 
 Common Stock 
 Treasury 
 Additional 
 Paid in 
 Retained 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Stock 
 Capital 
 Earnings 
 Income (Loss) 
 Total 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 December 31, 2019 

Adoption of ASU 2018-07 

)

)
 Net income 

Other comprehensive income - available-for-
 sale securities 

Issuance of shares from equity-based awards 

)

)
 Open market common share repurchases 

)
 
 )

)
 Employee receivables from sale of stock 

Stock-based compensation 

December 31, 2020 

)

Net income 

Other comprehensive loss - available-for-sale 
 securities 

)
 )
 Other comprehensive loss - cash flow hedges 

)
 )
 Issuance of shares from equity-based awards 

)

)
 Open market common share repurchases 

)
 
 )

)
 Employee receivables from sale of stock 

Stock-based compensation 

December 31, 2021 

)

Adoption of ASU 2016-13 

)
 )
 Net income 

Other comprehensive loss - available-for-sale 
 securities 

)
 )
 Other comprehensive loss - cash flow hedges 

)
 )
 Issuance of shares from equity-based awards 

)

)
 Open market common share repurchases 

)
 
 )

)
 Employee receivables from sale of stock 

Stock-based compensation 

December 31, 2022 

)

)

Table of Contents 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 62 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 For the Year Ended December 31, 
 2022 
 2021 
 2020 
 (Dollars in thousands) 
 Operating Activities 
 Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to 
net cash provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Provision for loan losses 
 
 )
 
 Accretion of discounts on loans 
 )

Accretion of discounts and amortization 
of premiums on securities 

Stock-based compensation 

(Gain) loss on disposal of fixed assets 
 )
 )
 
 Loss on sale of foreclosed assets and related 
impairments 
 )

Gain on sale of loans 
 )
 
 )
 Deferred income taxes 
 )
 
 )
 Net increase in bank owned life insurance 
 )
 )
 )
 Net gains (losses) on equity securities 

)
 Net realized gains on available-for-sale securities 
 )
 )
 )
 Goodwill impairment 

Dividends on FHLB stock 
 )
 )
 )
 Prepayment penalties on extinguishment 
of debt 

Changes in: 

Interest receivable 
 )
 
 )
 Other assets 
 
 )
 )
 Other liabilities 

)
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 
 Net change in loans 
 )
 
 )
 Purchases of available-for-sale and equity securities 
 )
 )
 )
 Proceeds from maturities of available-for-sale 
securities 

Proceeds from sale of available-for-sale and equity 
securities 

Proceeds from the sale of foreclosed assets 

Purchase of premises and equipment 
 )
 )
 )
 Proceeds from the sale of premises and equipment 
and related insurance claims 

Purchase of restricted equity securities 
 )
 
 )
 Proceeds from sale of restricted equity 
securities 

Proceeds from termination of cash flow hedge 

Proceeds from death benefit on bank owned 
life insurance 

Net cash activity from acquisition 

Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 )
 
 )
 Financing Activities 
 Net increase in demand deposits, savings, 
NOW and money market accounts 

Net increase (decrease) in time deposits 
 
 )
 )
 Net decrease in fed funds purchased and 
repurchase agreements 
 
 )
 )
 Net increase in federal funds sold 

Proceeds from Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Repayment of Federal Home Loan Bank 
advances 
 )
 )
 )
 Net proceeds from lines of credit 

Issuance of common shares, net of issuance 
cost 

Proceeds from employee stock purchase 
plan 

Repurchase of common stock 
 )
 )
 )
 Acquisition of common stock for tax 
withholding obligations 
 )
 )
 )
 Net decrease in employee receivables 

Net cash provided by (used in) financing activities 
 
 )
 
 (Decrease) increase in Cash and Cash 
Equivalents 
 )

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning of Period 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, End of Period 

Supplemental Cash Flows Information 

Interest paid 

Income taxes paid 

Equity interest assumed in partial satisfaction 
of loans 

Foreclosed assets in settlement of loans 

Table of Contents 
 63 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 

wholly owned subsidiaries: 
 (i) CrossFirst Investments, Inc., which holds investments in marketable 
securities; (ii) CFBSA I, LLC, which can hold foreclosed assets; and 
 (iii) CFBSA II, LLC, which can hold foreclosed assets. 
 The Bank is primarily engaged in providing a full range 
of banking and financial services to individual and corporate clients through 
 its branches in: (i) Leawood, Kansas; (ii) Wichita, Kansas; (iii) Kansas City, Missouri; (iv) Oklahoma 
City, Oklahoma; (v) Tulsa, Oklahoma; 
 (vi) Dallas, Texas; (vii) Frisco, Texas; (viii) Phoenix, Arizona (ix) Colorado Springs, Colorado; (x) Denver, Colorado; and (xi) 
Clayton, New 
 Mexico. 
The Bank is subject to competition from other financial institutions and the regulation 
of certain federal and state agencies and 
 undergoes periodic examinations by those regulatory authorities.

Summary of Significant Accounting 
Policies 

million of the Company s cash and cash equivalents were held at the Federal Reserve Bank 
of Kansas City 
 at December 31, 2022. The Company is required to maintain reserve funds in cash and/or on 
deposit with the Federal Reserve Bank. The 
 reserve required at December 31, 2022 was 
 
 . In addition, the Company is required from time to time to place cash collateral with third 
 parties as part of its back-to-back swap agreements and cash flow hedges. At December 31, 2022, 

cash collateral was required. At 
 December 31, 2022, the Company s cash accounts, excluding funds at the 
Federal Reserve Bank and funds required as cash collateral, 
 exceeded federally insured limits by 

million.

Table of Contents 
 64 

Table of Contents 
 65 

to 

years for buildings and improvements, 

to 

years for furniture and fixtures and 

to 

years for 
 equipment. The Company reviews premises and equipment whenever events or 
changes in circumstances indicate that the carrying amount 
 of the asset may not be recoverable. An impairment loss is recognized when the sum of the undiscounted future net cash flows expected 
to 
 result from the use of the asset and its eventual disposal is less than its carrying amount.

Table of Contents 
 66 

million and 

million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. Related party deposits totaled 

million and 

million at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively.

Table of Contents 
 67 

reportable segment.

Table of Contents 
 68 

)
 Commercial and industrial lines of credit 

Energy 

)
 Commercial real estate 

)
 Construction and land development 

)
 Residential real estate 

)
 Multifamily real estate 

PPP 

)
 Consumer 

Gross Loans 

)
 Net deferred loan fees and costs 

)
 Allowance for credit losses on loans 

)
 Loans, net of the allowance for credit losses 

Deferred tax asset 

Liabilities 
 Allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet 
 exposures 

Stockholders' equity 
 Retained earnings 

)

Table of Contents 
 69 

Liabilities: 
 Lease incentive 

)
 Accrued rent payable 

)
 Lease liability 

million of cash consideration and assumed all of the assets 
 and liabilities of Central by operation of law. The acquisition added three full-service 
branches within Colorado and New Mexico to the 
 Company s footprint, 
adds experienced leaders, in particular in the SBA and Residential Mortgage lending areas, and accelerates our growth 
 strategy. 
 Central acquisition-related costs totaled 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022, including a Day 1 CECL provision 
 expense of 

million, which were included in the Company s consolidated statements of operations. The 
results of Central are included in 
 the results of the Company subsequent to the acquisition date and reported 
in this annual report on Form 10-K. 

 The Company determined that the acquisition of Central constitutes a business combination 
as defined in ASC Topic 805, Business 
 Combinations. Accordingly, as of the date of the acquisition, the Company recorded the assets acquired and 
liabilities assumed at fair value. 
 The Company determined fair values in accordance with the guidance 
provided in ASC Topic 820, Fair Value Measurements and 
 Disclosures. In many cases, the determination of these fair values required 
management to make estimates about discount rates, future 
 expected cash flows, market conditions and other future events that are highly 
subjective in nature and subject to change. Actual results could 
 differ materially. The Company has made the determination of fair values using 
the best information available at the time; however, purchase 
 accounting is not complete and the assumptions used are subject to change and, if changed, 
could have a material effect on the Company's 
 financial position and results of operations. 

Table of Contents 
 70 

Available-for-sale securities 
 
 Loans, net of unearned fees 
 
 Premises and equipment 
 
 Restricted equity securities 
 
 Interest receivable 
 
 Foreclosed assets held for sale 
 
 Core deposit intangible 
 
 Other 
 
 Total assets acquired 
 
 Liabilities: 

Total deposits 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 
 
 Other borrowings 
 
 Interest payable and other liabilities 
 
 Total liabilities assumed 
 
 Identifiable net assets acquired 

Consideration: 
 Cash 
 
 Goodwill 

million of goodwill, which is deductible for tax purposes. 
 The amount of goodwill recorded reflects the expanded market presence, 
synergies and operational efficiencies that are expected to result 
 from the acquisition. The following is a description of the methods used to determine 
the fair values of significant assets and liabilities 
 presented above: 
 Cash and cash equivalents
 The carrying amount of these assets was deemed a reasonable estimate of fair 
value based on the short-
 term nature of these assets. 
 Loans, net
 The fair value of loans was based on a discounted cash flow methodology. 
Inputs and assumptions used in the fair 
 value estimate of the loan portfolio, includes interest rate, servicing, credit and liquidity 
risk, and required equity return. The fair value of 
 loans was calculated using a discounted cash flow analysis based on the remaining 
maturity and repricing terms. Cash flows were adjusted 
 by estimating future credit losses and the rate of prepayments. Projected monthly 
cash flows were then discounted to present value using a 
 risk-adjusted market rate for similar loans. 

 Core deposit intangibles
 The Company identified customer relationships, in the form of core deposit intangibles, 
as an identified 
 intangible asset. Core deposit intangibles derive value from 
the expected future benefits or earnings capacity attributable to the acquired core 
 deposits. The core deposit intangible was valued by identifying the expected future 
benefits of the core deposits and discounting those 
 benefits back to present value. The core deposit intangible will be amortized over 
its estimated useful life of approximately 

years using 
 the sum of the years digits accelerated method. 
 Deposits
 By definition, the fair value of demand and saving deposits equals the 
amount payable. For time deposits acquired, the 
 Company utilized an income approach, discounting the contractual cash flows 
on the instruments over their remaining contractual lives at 
 prevailing market rates. 

 FHLB Advances
 
- FHLB advances are recorded at their fair value as estimated by discounting the contractual future cash flows using 
 FHLB rates offered on similar maturities as of the acquisition date. 

Table of Contents 
 71 

million of loans acquired from Central, 

million, or 

of Central s loan portfolio, were accounted for as PCD loans. 

 The following table provides a summary of PCD loans purchased as part 
of the Central acquisition as of the acquisition date:

PCD allowance for credit loss at acquisition 
 )
 (Discount) premium on acquired loans 
 )
 Purchase price of PCD loans 

million is included in the 2021 pro forma results. Transaction-related costs related to 
each acquisition are not reflected in the pro forma 
 amounts. The pro forma information does not necessarily reflect the results of operations 
that would have occurred had the Company 
 acquired Central at the beginning of fiscal year 2021. Cost savings are also 
not reflected in the unaudited pro forma amounts. 

Table of Contents 
 72 

Non-interest income 

Net income 

Pro-forma earnings per share: 
 Basic 

Diluted 

Weighted average shares outstanding: 

Basic 

Diluted

Collateralized mortgage obligations - GSE residential 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total available-for-sale securities 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - GSE residential 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total available-for-sale securities 

million and 

at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Table of Contents 
 73 

(1) 
 Included 

thousand related to a previously disclosed OTTI municipal security that was settled in 2020.

Collateralized mortgage obligations - 
 GSE residential 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total temporarily impaired AFS 
 securities 

Collateralized mortgage obligations - 
 GSE residential 

State and political subdivisions 

Corporate bonds 

Total temporarily impaired AFS 
 securities 

Table of Contents 
 74 

Estimated fair value 

Weighted average yield
 (2)

Collateralized mortgage obligations - GSE residential
 (1)
 Amortized cost 

Estimated fair value 

Weighted average yield
 (2)

State and political subdivisions 
 Amortized cost 

Estimated fair value 

Weighted average yield
 (2)

Corporate bonds 
 Amortized cost 

Estimated fair value 

Weighted average yield
 (2)

Total available-for-sale securities 
 Amortized cost 

Estimated fair value 

Weighted average yield
 (2)

(1) 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities 
because issuers may have the rights to call or prepay obligations 
with or without prepayment penalties. 
 (2) 
 Yields are calculated based on amortized cost using a 
30/360 day basis. Tax-exempt securities are not tax effected.

Estimated fair value 

Weighted average yield
 (2)

Collateralized mortgage obligations - GSE residential
 (1)
 Amortized cost 

Estimated fair value 

Weighted average yield
 (2)

State and political subdivisions 
 Amortized cost 

Estimated fair value 

Weighted average yield
 (2)

Corporate bonds 
 Amortized cost 

Estimated fair value 

Weighted average yield
 (2)

Total available-for-sale securities 
 Amortized cost 

Estimated fair value 

Weighted average yield
 (2)

(1) 
 Actual maturities may differ from contractual maturities 
because issuers may have the rights to call or prepay obligations 
with or without prepayment penalties. 
 (2) 
 Yields are calculated based on amortized cost using a 
30/360 day basis. Tax-exempt securities are not tax effected.

Table of Contents 
 75 

million of private equity investments. Equity securities are included in other assets on the 
 consolidated statements of financial condition. 
 During 2020, the Company acquired an 

million privately-held security in partial satisfaction of debts previously contracted. The 
 Company used a discounted cash flow model, a market transactions model and 
a public valuation approach to determine the security s cost 
 basis. The Company elected a measurement alternative that allows the security to remain 
at cost until an impairment is identified or an 
 observable price change for an identical or similar investment of the 
same issuer occurs. Impairment is recorded when there is evidence that 
 the expected fair value of the investment has declined to below the recorded 
cost. No changes to the cost basis occurred in 2020. During 
 2021, the Company sold the equity security for 

million that resulted in a 

million realized loss. 

 The following is a summary of the recorded fair value and the unrealized and 
realized gains and losses recognized in net income on 
 equity securities:
 
 )

Less: net losses recognized during the period on equity securities sold during 
the 
 period 
 )
 )
 
 Unrealized (loss) gain recognized during the reporting period on 
equity securities 
 still held at the reporting date 

)

Commercial and industrial lines of credit 

Energy 

Commercial real estate 

Construction and land development 

Residential real estate 

Multifamily real estate 

Consumer 

Loans, net of unearned fees 

Less: Allowance for credit losses on loans
 (1)
 )
 )
 Loans, net of the allowance for credit losses on loans 

(1)

million and 

million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively, 
presented in interest 
 receivable on the consolidated statements of financial condition 
is excluded from the amortized cost basis disclosed in the above table. 

Table of Contents 
 76 

percent guaranteed by the SBA and repayment is primarily dependent on the 
 borrower s cash flow or SBA repayment approval. 
 
 Commercial and Industrial Lines of Credit 
 The category includes lines of credit to commercial and industrial 
 customers for working capital needs. The loan terms typically require interest-only 
payments, mature in one year, and 
 require the full balance paid-off at maturity. Lines of credit allow the borrower 
to drawdown and repay the line of credit 
 based on the customer s cash flow needs. Repayment is primarily from the operating 
cash flow of the business. Credit risk 
 is driven by creditworthiness of a borrower and the economic conditions that 
impact the cash flow stability from business 
 operations. 
 
 Energy
 
- The category includes loans to oil and natural gas customers for use in financing working 
capital needs, 
 exploration and production activities, and acquisitions. The loans are repaid primarily 
from the conversion of crude oil and 
 natural gas to cash. Credit risk is driven by creditworthiness of a borrower and 
the economic conditions that impact the 
 cash flow stability from business operations. Energy loans are typically collateralized 
with the underlying oil and gas 
 reserves. 
 
 Commercial Real Estate
 
- The category includes loans that typically involve larger principal amounts and repayment of 
 these loans is generally dependent on the successful operations of the property 
securing the loan or the business conducted 
 on the property securing the loan. These are viewed primarily as cash flow loans and secondarily 
as loans secured by real 
 estate. Credit risk may be impacted by the creditworthiness of a borrower, 
property values and the local economies in the 
 borrower s market areas. 
 
 Construction and Land Development
 
- The category includes loans that are usually based upon estimates of costs and 
 estimated value of the completed project and include independent appraisal reviews 
and a financial analysis of the 
 developers and property owners. Sources of repayment include permanent 
loans, sales of developed property or an interim 
 loan commitment from the Company until permanent financing is obtained. These loans 
are higher risk than other real 
 estate loans due to their ultimate repayment being sensitive to interest rate 
changes, general economic conditions, and the 
 availability of long-term financing. Credit risk may be impacted by 
the creditworthiness of a borrower, property values and 
 the local economies in the borrower s market areas. 
 
 Residential Real Estate 
 - The category includes loans that are generally secured by owner-occupied 
1-4 family residences. 
 Repayment of these loans is primarily dependent on the personal income and 
credit rating of the borrowers. Credit risk in 
 these loans can be impacted by economic conditions within or outside 
the borrower s market areas that might impact either 
 property values or a borrower s personal income. 

Multifamily Real Estate - 
 The category includes loans that are generally secured by multifamily properties. 
Repayment of 
 these loans is primarily dependent on occupancy rates and the personal income of 
the tenants. Credit risk in these loans can 
 be impacted by economic conditions within or outside the borrower s 
market areas that might impact either property values 
 or the tenants personal income. 

Table of Contents 
 77 

Table of Contents 
 78 

Table of Contents 
 79 

Special mention 

Substandard - accrual 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

Commercial and industrial lines of credit 
 Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard - accrual 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

Energy 
 Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard - accrual 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

Commercial real estate 
 Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard - accrual 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

Construction and land development 
 Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard - accrual 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

Residential real estate 
 Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard - accrual 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

Multifamily real estate 
 Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard - accrual 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

Consumer 
 Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard - accrual 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

Total 
 Pass 

Special mention 

Substandard - accrual 

Substandard - non-accrual 

Doubtful 

Loss 

Total 

Table of Contents 
 80 

Table of Contents 
 81 

60-89 days 

Greater than 90 days 

Total past due 

Current 

Total 

Greater than 90 days and 
 accruing 

Commercial and industrial 
 lines of credit 
 30-59 days 

60-89 days 

Greater than 90 days 

Total past due 

Current 

Total 

Greater than 90 days and 
 accruing 

Energy 
 30-59 days 

60-89 days 

Greater than 90 days 

Total past due 

Current 

Total 

Greater than 90 days and 
 accruing 

Commercial real estate 
 30-59 days 

60-89 days 

Greater than 90 days 

Total past due 

Current 

Total 

Greater than 90 days and 
 accruing 

Construction and land 
 development 
 30-59 days 

60-89 days 

Greater than 90 days 

Total past due 

Current 

Total 

Greater than 90 days and 
 accruing 

Residential real estate 
 30-59 days 

60-89 days 

Greater than 90 days 

Total past due 

Current 

Total 

Greater than 90 days and 
 accruing 

Multifamily real estate 
 30-59 days 

60-89 days 

Greater than 90 days 

Total past due 

Current 

Total 

Greater than 90 days and 
 accruing 

Consumer 
 30-59 days 

60-89 days 

Greater than 90 days 

Total past due 

Current 

Total 

Greater than 90 days and 
 accruing 

Table of Contents 
 82 

60-89 days 

Greater than 90 days 

Total past due 

Current 

Total 

Greater than 90 days and 
 accruing 

Commercial and 
 industrial lines of 
 credit 

Energy 

Commercial real 
 estate 

Construction and land 
 development 

Residential real estate 

Multifamily real estate 

Consumer 

Total 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Table of Contents 
 83 

Impact of ASU 2016-13 adoption 
 )
 
 )
 )
 )
 )
 
 )
 )
 PCD allowance for credit loss at 
 acquisition 

Charge-offs 
 )
 )
 )
 )
 
 )
 
 )
 )
 Recoveries 

Provision (release) 

)
 )

)

Day 1 CECL provision expense 

Ending balance 

Allowance for Credit Losses on Off-Balance Sheet Credit 
Exposures: 
 Beginning balance, prior to adoption of 
 ASU 2016-13 

Impact of ASU 2016-13 adoption 

Provision (release) 

)
 
 )
 )

Day 1 CECL provision expense 

Ending balance 

(1)
 
Prior to the adoption of ASU 2016-13, the Commercial and Industrial 
lines of credit were consolidated under the Commercial and 
Industrial segment. 
 (2)
 
Prior to the adoption of ASU 2016-13, the Residential Real 
Estate and Multifamily Real Estate segments were consolidated under the 
Residential and Multifamily Real Estate segment.

Table of Contents 
 84 

Commercial and industrial lines of credit 
 All business assets 

Energy 
 Oil and natural gas properties 

Commercial real estate 
 Commercial real estate properties 

Residential real estate 
 Residential real estate properties 

Multifamily real estate 
 Multifamily real estate properties 

Consumer 
 Vehicles other personal assets 

loans and 

million in loans, respectively, were restructured under the TDR 
 guidance. The outstanding balance of TDRs was 

million and 

million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 

Table of Contents 
 85 

Energy 

Commercial real estate 

Construction and land development 

Residential and multifamily real 
 estate 

PPP 

Consumer 

Total 

Energy 

Commercial real estate 

Construction and land development 

Residential and multifamily real 
 estate 

PPP 

Consumer 

Total 

Energy 
 
 Commercial real estate 

Construction and land development 
 
 Residential and multifamily real estate 

PPP 
 
 Consumer 

Total non-accrual loans 

Table of Contents 
 86 

Collectively evaluated for 
 impairment 

Ending balance 

Allocated to loans: 
 Individually evaluated for 
 impairment 

Collectively evaluated for 
 impairment 

Ending balance 

Table of Contents 
 87 

Energy 

Commercial real estate 

Construction and land development 

Residential and multifamily real estate 

PPP 

Consumer 

Loans with a specific valuation 

Commercial 

Energy 

Commercial real estate 

Construction and land development 

Residential and multifamily real estate 

PPP 

Consumer 

Total 

Commercial 

Energy 

Commercial real estate 

Construction and land development 

Residential and multifamily real estate 

PPP 

Consumer 

million allowance for credit losses on off-balance sheet credit 
 exposures 
at December 31, 2022 is included in interest payable and other liabilities on 
the statement of financial condition. 

 The following categories of off-balance sheet credit exposures have been 
identified: 
 Loan commitments include revolving lines of credit, non-revolving lines 
of credit, and loans approved that are not yet funded. 
 Risks inherent to revolving lines of credit often are related to the susceptibility of 
an individual or business experiencing 
 unpredictable cash flow or financial troubles, thus leading to payment 
default. The primary risk associated with non-revolving lines 
 of credit is the diversion of funds for other expenditures. 
 Letters of credit are primarily established to provide assurance to the beneficiary 
that the applicant will perform certain obligations 
 arising out of a separate transaction between the beneficiary and applicant. 
If the obligation is not met, it gives the beneficiary the 
 right to draw on the letter of credit.

Table of Contents 
 88 

Building and improvements 

Furniture and fixtures 

Equipment 

Construction in progress 

Premises and equipment 

Less: accumulated depreciation 

Premises and equipment, net 

million, 

million and 

million of depreciation expense during 2022, 2021 and 2020, 
 respectively, as a component of other non-interest expense in the consolidated 
statements of operations.

to 

with 
 certain options to renew. Renewal terms can extend the lease term between 

and 
 
 . The exercise of lease renewal options 
 is at the Company s sole discretion. When it is reasonably certain that the Company 
will exercise its option to renew or extend the lease term, 
 that option is included in the estimated value of the right of use ROU asset and lease liability. The Company s 
lease agreements do not 
 contain any material residual value guarantees or material restrictive covenants. As of December 31, 2022, the 
Company recognized one 
 finance lease and the remaining Company leases are classified as operating leases. 
 The ROU asset is included in Other assets on the consolidated statement of 
financial condition, and was 

million at 
 December 31, 2022. Certain adjustments to the ROU asset may be 
required for items such as initial direct costs paid or incentives received. 
 The lease liability is located in Interest payable and other liabilities on the 
consolidated statement of financial condition and was 
 
 million at December 31, 2022. 
 As of December 31, 2022, the weighted-average remaining lease term is 

years and the weighted-average discount rate was 
 
 utilizing the Company s incremental FHLB borrowing rate for borrowings of 
a similar term at the date of lease commencement. 
 The following table presents components of operating lease expense in 
the accompanying consolidated statements of operations for 
 the year ended December 31, 2022:

Finance leases interest on lease liability 
 
 Operating lease expense 
 
 Variable lease expense 
 
 Short-term lease expense 
 
 Total lease expense 

Table of Contents 
 89 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments 

Less: imputed interest 

Total 

million and 

million, respectively. 
 Supplemental cash flow information Operating cash flows paid for 
operating lease amounts included in the measurement of lease 
 liabilities was 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022. Operating cash flows paid for finance 
lease amounts included in the 
 measurement of lease liabilities was 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022. During the year ended December 31, 
2022, the 
 Company recorded ROU assets in the amount of 

million that were exchanged for operating lease liabilities and 

million that were 
 exchanged for finance lease liabilities.

million. Goodwill is measured as the excess 
 of the fair value of consideration paid over the fair value of net assets acquired. 

goodwill impairment was recorded during the years 
 ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 The Company recorded a core deposit intangible CDI of 

million as part of the Central acquisition. The Company is 
 amortizing the CDI over its estimated useful life of approximately 

years using the sum of the years digits accelerated method. The 
 Company recognized core deposit intangible amortization expense 
of 

million for the year ended December 31, 2022 which is included 
 in other non-interest expense in the consolidated statement of operations. 
 The gross carrying amount of goodwill and the gross carrying amount 
and accumulated amortization of the core deposit intangible 

 at December 31, 2022 and 2021 were:

Core deposit intangible 

Total goodwill and intangible assets 

December 31, 2021 

Core deposit intangible 

Total goodwill and intangible assets 

Table of Contents 
 90 

2024 
 
 2025 
 
 2026 
 
 2027 

instrument with a notional value of 

million at December 31, 2022, and 
 
 instruments with an aggregate notional value of 

million at December 31, 2021. 
 For derivatives designated and that qualify as cash flow hedges of interest rate 
risk, the gain or loss on the derivative is recorded in 
 Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income (Loss) AOCI and 
subsequently reclassified into interest income or expense in the same 
 period(s) during which the hedged transaction affects earnings. Amounts reported in AOCI related to derivatives will be reclassified to 
 interest income and expense as interest payments are received and made 
on the Company s variable-rate assets and liabilities. The derivative 
 financial instruments did not impact the consolidated statements of operations 
for the years ended December 31, 2022 or 2021. During the 
 next twelve months, the Company estimates that an 

million will be reclassified as a reduction to interest expense. 

The Company is hedging its exposure to the variability in future cash flows for forecasted 
transactions over a maximum period of 

years. 
 Non-designated Hedges 
 Derivatives not designated as hedges are not speculative and result from 
a service provided to clients. The Company executes 
 interest rate swaps with customers to facilitate their respective risk management 
strategies. 
Those interest rate swaps are simultaneously 
 hedged by offsetting derivatives that the Company executes with a third-party, 
such that the Company minimizes its net risk exposure 
 resulting from such transactions. Interest rate derivatives associated 
with this program do not meet the strict hedge accounting requirements 
 and changes in the fair value of both the customer derivatives and the offsetting 
derivatives are recognized directly in earnings. 
As of 
 December 31, 2022 and 2021, the Company had 

swaps with an aggregate notional amount of 

million and 

swaps with an 
 aggregate notional amount of 

million, respectively. 
 The Company s derivative financial instruments that are not designated 
as hedging instruments, including swap fees earned upon 
 origination and credit valuation adjustments CVA that repre 
sent the risk of a counterparty s default, 
are reported on the consolidated 
 statements of operations as swap fee income, net. During 2022, 
the Company recorded net swap fees of 

thousand. 
During 2021, the 
 Company recorded a 

thousand gain for CVA adjustments primarily related to one swap. 

Table of Contents 
 91 

Other 
 liabilities 

Derivatives not designated as hedging 
 instruments 
 Other assets 

Other 
 liabilities 

Total 

)

Interest Income 

Interest Rate Products - 
 terminated 

Interest Expense 

Total 
 
 )
 
 )

)

Interest Expense 

million. As of December 31, 2022, the Company 
 has minimum collateral thresholds with certain of its derivative counterparties 
and has received collateral of 

million.

Table of Contents 
 92 

Transfers from loan portfolio, at fair value 

Foreclosed asset acquired 

Direct write-downs 
 
 )
 )
 Sales or other proceeds from foreclosed assets 
 )
 )
 )
 Gain (loss) on sale of foreclosed assets 

)
 Ending balance 

commercial use facilities at December 31, 2022. For the year ended December 
31, 2022, the 
 Company purchased a foreclosed property as part of the Central acquisition 
and received proceeds from expired earnest funds on a pre-
 existing property. 
For the year ended December 31, 2021, the Company sold certain raw land foreclosed 
upon in 2019 and a commercial use 
 facility foreclosed upon in 2020. During 2020, the Company sold the industrial 
facilities that were foreclosed upon in 2019 and impaired the 
 raw land foreclosed upon in 2019. 

 Gain (loss) on the sale of foreclosed assets are reported on the consolidated 
statements of operations under the foreclosed assets, net 
 section.

million and 

million as of December 31, 
 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The Company acquires brokered deposits in the normal course of business. At December 31, 2022 and 2021, brokered 
deposits of 
 approximately 

million and 

million, respectively, were included in the Company s time deposit balance. Reciprocal 
deposits, which 
 includes The Certificate of Deposit Account Registry Services CDARS discussed below, are treated as core deposits instead of 
brokered 
 deposits and are not included in the above amounts. 
 The Company is a member of CDARS that allows depositors to receive FDIC insurance 
on amounts greater than the FDIC 
 insurance limit, which is currently 250,000. CDARS allows institutions to break 
large deposits into smaller amounts and place them in a 
 network of other CDARS institutions to ensure full FDIC insurance is gained 
on the entire deposit. CDARS totaled approximately 

million 
 and 

million as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively. 
 The scheduled maturities for time deposits are provided in 
 Note 11: Borrowing Arrangements
 
below.

Table of Contents 
 93 

NA 

NA 

Federal funds purchased
 (2)

NA 
 
 FHLB advances
 (3)

FHLB line of credit
 (3)

NA 
 
 TIB line of credit
 (4)

NA 

SBA secured borrowing
 (5)
 
 NA 

NA 
 
 Trust preferred security
 (6)

Total borrowings 

and 

million for the years ended December 31, 2022 
 and 2021, respectively. The securities, mortgage-backed government 
sponsored residential securities, pledged for customer repurchase 
 agreements were 

at both December 31, 2022 and 2021.
 (2)
 
Federal funds purchased include short-term funds that are borrowed from 
another bank. The Bank is part of a third-party service that 
 allows us to borrow amounts from another bank if the bank has approved 
us for credit. Federal funds purchased generally have one day 
 maturities.
 (3)
 
FHLB advances and line of credit are collateralized by a blanket floating 
lien on certain loans, as well as, unrestricted securities. FHLB 
 advances are at a fixed rate, ranging from 
 
 to 
 
 and are subject to restrictions or penalties in the event of prepayment. The 
 FHLB line of credit has a variable interest rate that reprices daily based on FHLB s cost of 
funds and matures on May 14, 2023.

million related to the assumption of trust preferred securities 
 issued by Leawood Bancshares Statutory Trust I for 

million on September 30, 2005. In 2012, the Company settled litigation related 
to 
 the trust preferred securities which decreased the principal balance 
by 

million and the recorded balance by approximately 

thousand. The difference between the recorded amount and the contract value of 

million is being accreted to the maturity date 
 in 2035. Distributions will be paid on each security at a variable annual rate 
of interest, equal to LIBOR, plus 
 
 . 

The following table summarizes the Company s other borrowing capacities 
at December 31, 2022 and 2021:

FHLB borrowing capacity relating to securities 

Total FHLB borrowing capacity 

Unused Federal Reserve borrowing capacity 

Table of Contents 
 94 

Fed funds purchased 

repurchase agreements 

FHLB borrowings 

FHLB line of credit 

TIB line of credit 

SBA secured borrowing 

Trust preferred securities
 (1)

Total 

million and is currently being accreted to the maturity date of 2035.

Deferred income tax (benefit) expense 
 )
 
 )
 Income tax expense 

Increase (decrease) resulting from 
 Tax-exempt income 
 )
 )
 )
 Non-deductible expenses 

State income taxes, net of federal benefits 

Stock-based compensation 
 )
 )
 
 Goodwill impairment 

Other adjustments 
 )
 )
 
 Income tax expense 

Table of Contents 
 95 

Allowance for credit losses 

Lease incentive 

Loan fees 

Accrued expenses 

Deferred compensation 

State tax credit 

Other 

Total deferred tax asset 

Deferred tax liability 

Net unrealized gain on securities available-for-sale 
 
 )
 FHLB stock basis 
 )
 )
 Premises and equipment 
 )
 )
 Other 
 )
 )
 Total deferred tax liability 
 )
 )
 Net deferred tax asset 

million deferred tax asset as of December 31, 2021 due to state tax credits, which were 
completely 
 recognized in 2022. 
 The Company has approximately 

million of federal net operating loss carry-forwards, which expire 
after 2028. The net 
 operating loss is subject to annual usage limitations of 

thousand per year, but may include unused amounts from prior years. 
The 
 Company fully expects to utilize the entire net operating loss carry-forwards before 
they expire. Due to the carry forward of federal net 
 operating losses, all prior years remain subject to examination by federal 
tax authorities.

Realized gains on available-
 for-sale securities 
 Less: tax expense effect 

Income tax expense 
 Net reclassified amount 

Table of Contents 
 96 

N/A 

N/A 

Bank 

Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 

N/A 
 N/A 

Bank 

Common Equity Tier 1 to Risk-Weighted Assets 
 Consolidated 

N/A 
 
N/A 

Bank 

Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets 

Consolidated 

N/A 
 N/A 

Bank 

December 31, 2021 
 Total Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 

N/A 
 N/A 

Bank 

Tier 1 Capital to Risk-Weighted Assets 
 Consolidated 

N/A 
 
N/A 

Bank 

Common Equity Tier 1 to Risk-Weighted Assets 

Consolidated 

N/A 
 N/A 

Bank 

Tier 1 Capital to Average Assets 
 Consolidated 

N/A 
 
N/A 

Bank 

.

on the first 
 
 of employees salary deferral 
 amounts. During 2021 and 2020, Company contributions to the plan were 
 
 on the first 
 
 of employees salary deferral amounts plus 
 
 of employees salary deferral amounts over 
 
 , but capped at 
 
 , of employees compensation. Additional contributions are 
 discretionary and are determined annually by the Board of Directors. Company 
contributions to the plan were 

million, 

million and 

million for 2022, 2021 and 2020, respectively.

Table of Contents 
 97 

ATM and credit card interchange income 

International fees 

Other fees 

Total non-interest income from contracts with clients 

Non-interest income not subject to ASC 606 

Other non-interest income 
 
 )
 
 Total non-interest income 

shares 
 as of December 31, 2022. The Company will issue new common shares upon 
exercise or vesting of stock-based awards. 

Table of Contents 
 98 

Performance-based stock awards 

Restricted stock units and awards 

Employee stock purchase plan 

Total stock-based compensation 

period, commencing on the first anniversary of the effective date of grant and have 
 fifteen-year
 
contractual terms for Legacy 
 Awards and 
 ten-year
 
contractual terms for all other SSARs. Legacy Awards include retirement eligibility upon the participant s 65th birthday, 

of participation, and after 

holding the grant. The exercise of a SSAR entitles the participant to the excess of the exercise 
 price over the grant price for each SSAR. 
Exercise price is based on the fair market value of the Company s common 
shares. 
 The calculated value of each SSAR is estimated at the grant date using a Black-Scholes 
option valuation model. Expected volatility 
 is primarily based on an internal model that calculates the historical volatility of 
the Company s stock since the IPO and several peer group 
 banks daily average stock prices before the IPO over the expected term. The expected term of stock granted represents the period that 
shares 
 are expected to be outstanding. The risk-free rate for periods within the contractual 
life of the share award is based on the U.S. Treasury yield 
 curve. 
 For the expected term, the Company uses the simplified method described 
in SAB Topic 14.D.2. This method uses an expected term 
 based on the midpoint between the vesting date and the end of the contractual term. This method 
is used for the majority of SSARs, because 
 the Company does not have a significant pool of SSARs that have been exercised. 
For some SSARs that are granted to participants who will 
 be retirement eligible during the term of the award, a separate analysis is performed 
that focuses more on expected retirement date. 

 The following table provides the range of assumptions used in the Black-Scholes 
valuation model, the weighted average grant date 
 fair value, and information related to SSARs exercised for the following years, 
as well as, the remaining compensation cost to be recognized 
 and period over which the amount will be recognized as of the dates indicated:

- 

- 

Expected dividends 

Expected term (in years) 

- 

- 

Risk-free rate 
 
 - 

- 

Weighted average grant date fair value per share 

Aggregate intrinsic value of SSARs exercised 

Total fair value of SSARs vested during the year 

Unrecognized compensation information: 
 Unrecognized compensation cost 

Period remaining (in years) 

Table of Contents 
 99 

Granted 

Exercised 
 )
 
 Forfeited or expired 
 )
 
 Outstanding, December 31, 2022 

Exercisable, December 31, 2022 

based on attainment of certain 
 performance metrics developed by the Compensation Committee. The ultimate 
number of shares issuable under each performance-based 
 award is the product of the award target and the award payout percentage given 
the level of achievement. The award payout percentages by 
 level of achievement range between 
 
 of target and 
 
 of target. 

 During 2016, the Company awarded PBSAs to New Market Founders. A New Market Founder is a non-employee, adviser chosen in 
 a selected market to facilitate expansion of banking relationships. During 
2016, 

PBSAs were granted and cliff-vested on 
 December 31, 2021. The Company adopted ASU 2018-07 in the first quarter of 2019, which set the fair market value for 
these awards. The 
 Company determined that no substantial service existed for these awards, 
resulting in a cumulative effect adjustment of approximately 

million to retained earnings. 

 The New Market Founder PBSAs were based upon 

equally weighted market measures: total assets, total loans, return on assets 
 and classified assets to capital as of December 31, 2021 that resulted 
in 

common shares that vested and were issued in 2022. The 
 
 payout percentage resulted in 

thousand of expense being recognized during the year ended December 
31, 2021. No expense was 
 recorded in 2022 related to these awards. 
 During 2022, 

PBSAs granted in 2019 did not meet the target payout threshold and were 
forfeited. Additionally, in 2022, the 
 vesting dates for one former employee s PBSA award were accelerated and 

shares were issued at target. 

 During 2022, 

PBSAs were granted. The performance metrics included a three-year cumulative 
earnings per share target and 
 a cumulative relative total shareholder return target. 

 The following table summarizes the status of and changes in the performance-based 
awards:

Granted 

Vested 
 )
 
 Forfeited 
 )
 
 Unvested, December 31, 2022 

million and is expected to be recognized over 

years. 

 Restricted Stock Units RSUs and Restricted Stock 
Awards RSAs 
 The Company issues RSUs and RSAs to provide additional incentives to key officers, 
employees, and non-employee directors. 
 Awards are typically granted annually as determined by the Compensation 
Committee. The service based RSUs typically vest in equal 
 amounts over 
 
 . The service based RSAs typically cliff-vest after 
 
 . 

Table of Contents 
 100 

Granted 

Vested 
 )
 
 Forfeited 
 )
 
 Unvested, December 31, 2022 

million and is expected to be recognized over 

years. 

 Employee Stock Purchase Plan 
 The Company has an ESPP whereby employees are eligible for the plan when they have met certain 
requirements concerning period 
 of credited service and minimum hours worked. The price an employee pays for shares is 
 
 of the fair market value of Company 
 common stock on the last day of the offering period. 
The offering periods are the six-month periods commencing on January 
1 and July 1 of 
 each year and ending on June 30 and December 31 of each year. There are no vesting or other 
restrictions on the stock purchased by 
 employees under the ESPP. 
 The calculated value of each unit award is estimated at the start of the offering period 
using a Black-Scholes option valuation model 
 that used the assumptions noted in the following table:

- 

- 

Expected dividends 

Expected term (in years) 

Risk-free rate 
 
 - 

- 

and 

outstanding, fully vested warrants to purchase common stock at a strike price 
of 

per 
 share as of December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively, as 

warrants were exercised during 2022. The 

warrants were modified 
 during 2018 to extend the expiration date from June 30, 2019 to April 26, 2023. The strike price continues to be 

per share.

Table of Contents 
 101 

Weighted average common shares 

Earnings per share 

Diluted Earnings per Share 

Net Income 

Weighted average common shares 

Effect of dilutive shares 

Weighted average dilutive common shares 

Diluted earnings per share 

Stock-based awards not included because to do so would be antidilutive 

million of the Company s common stock. As of December 31, 2021, the 
 Company had repurchased 

million, representing 

common shares. 
This repurchase program was completed in the third quarter of 
 2022. 
 On May 10, 2022, the Company announced that its Board of Directors approved 
a new share repurchase program under which the 
 Company may repurchase up to 

million of its common stock. As of December 31, 2022, 

million remains available for repurchase 
 under this share repurchase program. 

 During 2022, the Company repurchased 

million, representing 

common shares, under the repurchase programs.

Table of Contents 
 102 

Foreclosed assets held-for-sale 

Foreclosed assets held-for-sale 

Table of Contents 
 103 

Market comparable properties 
 Marketability discount 
 
 - 

Foreclosed assets held-for-sale 

Market comparable properties 
 Marketability discount 

Market comparable properties 
 Marketability discount 
 
 - 

Foreclosed assets held-for-sale 

Market comparable properties 
 Marketability discount 

Available-for-sale securities 

Loans, net of ACL 

Restricted equity securities 

Interest receivable 

Equity securities 

Derivative assets 

Financial Liabilities 
 Deposits 

Federal funds purchased and repurchase agreements 
 74,968 
 
 74,968 
 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Other borrowings 

Interest payable 

Derivative liabilities 

Table of Contents 
 104 

Available-for-sale securities 

Loans, net of allowance for loan losses 

Restricted equity securities 

Interest receivable 

Equity securities 

Derivative assets 

Financial Liabilities 
 Deposits 

Federal Home Loan Bank advances 

Other borrowings 

Interest payable 

Derivative liabilities 

Standby letters of credit 

Unfunded commitments under lines of credit 

Future lease commitments 

Commitment related to investment fund 

Total 

Table of Contents 
 105 

million in investment 
 funds designed to help accelerate technology adoption at community banks. 
 Lease Commitments 

 The Company entered into a lease agreement with a third party for office space 
located in Fort Worth, Texas, which is expected to 
 commence in the second quarter of 2023. The initial lease term is 

years with 
 
 , 

renewal option.

Equity method investments 

Cash 

Other assets 

Total assets 

Liabilities and stockholders' equity 
 Other borrowings 

Trust preferred securities, net 

Other liabilities 

Total liabilities 

Stockholders' equity 

Common stock 

Treasury stock at cost 
 )
 )
 Additional paid-in capital 

Retained earnings 

Accumulated other comprehensive (loss) income 
 )
 
 Total stockholders' equity 

Total liabilities and stockholders' equity 

Table of Contents 
 106 

Distributions from subsidiaries 

Management fees charged to subsidiaries 

Other 

)
 Total income 

Expense 

Salaries and employee benefits 

Occupancy, net 

Other 

Total expense 

Income tax benefit 
 )
 )
 )
 Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash provided by operating 
 activities: 
 Earnings of consolidated subsidiaries 
 )
 )
 )
 Share-based incentive compensation 

Other adjustments 
 )
 )
 )
 Net cash provided by operating activities 

Investing Activities 
 Decrease in investment in subsidiaries 
 )

Increase in equity investments 
 )
 )
 
 Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities 
 )
 )
 
 Financing Activities 
 Proceeds from TIB line of credit 

Issuance of common stock, net 

Open market common share repurchases 
 )
 )
 )
 Acquisition of common stock for tax withholding obligations 
 )
 )
 )
 Proceeds from employee stock purchase plan 

Net decrease in employee receivables 

Net cash used in financing activities 
 )
 )
 )
 Decrease in cash 
 )
 )
 )
 Cash at beginning of year 

Cash at end of year 

Table of Contents 
 107 

million of any combination of common stock, preferred stock, debt securities, 
depositary shares, warrants, 
 purchase contracts, purchase units, subscription rights and units in one or multiple 
offerings while the shelf registration statement is effective.

Item 9. 
Changes in and Disagreements with 
Accountants on Accounting 
and Financial 
 Disclosure 
 None. 

 Item 9A. 
Controls and Procedures 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 The Company s management, with the participation of the Company s Chief Executive 
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, has 
 evaluated the effectiveness of the Company s disclosure controls and 
procedures, as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e) of the 
 Exchange Act, as of December 31, 2022. Based on that evaluation, the Company s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial 
Officer 
 concluded that the Company s disclosure controls and procedures were effective 
in recording, processing, summarizing and reporting, on a 
 timely basis, information required to be disclosed by the Company 
in the reports that we file or submit under the Exchange Act as of 
 December 31, 2022. 
 Management s Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 The management of the Company is responsible for establishing and maintaining 
adequate internal control over financial reporting 
 as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act. Our systems of internal controls are designed under the supervision 
and with the 
 participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and 
Chief Financial Officer, to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
 the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of our financi 
al statements for external purposes in accordance with GAAP. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting 
may not prevent or detect all misstatements. Also, 
 projections of any evaluation of effectiveness as to future periods are 
subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of 
 changes in conditions or that the degree of compliance with the policies or 
procedures may deteriorate. In addition, given the Company s 
 size, operations and footprint, lapses or deficiencies in internal controls 
may occur from time to time. 
 On November 22, 2022, the Company completed the merger 
with Central. 
The Company is in the process of evaluating the existing 
 controls and procedures of Central and integrating Central into the 
internal control over financial reporting process. 
In accordance with SEC 
 Staff guidance permitting a company to exclude an acquired 
business from management s assessment 
of the effectiveness of internal control 
 over financial reporting for the year in which the acquisition is completed, 
the Company has excluded Central from the assessment of the 
 effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting 
as of December 31, 2022. Operations of Central comprised 0.42 of 
net income for 
 the year ended December 31, 2022. 
The scope of management s assessment of 
the effectiveness of the design and operation of the 
 Company s disclosure 
controls and procedures as of December 31, 2022 includes all of the Company s 
consolidated operations except for 
 those disclosure 
controls and procedures of Central that are included in internal control over financial 
reporting. 
 Management assessed our internal control over financial reporting as of 
December 31, 2022. This assessment was based on criteria 
 established in the 2013 Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued 
by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway 
 Commission COSO ). Based on this assessment, we have concluded 
that, as of December 31, 2022, our internal control over financial 
 reporting was effective. 
 Our internal control over financial reporting continues to be updated 
as necessary to accommodate modifications to our business 
 processes and accounting procedures. There has been no change in our internal 
control over financial reporting (as such term is defined in 
 Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the fourth quarter of 2022 that has materially affected, or is reasonably 
likely 
 to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 
 Item 9B. 
Other Information 
 None. 

 Item 9C. 
Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 None. 

Table of Contents 
 108 
 Part III 
 Item 10. 
Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 The information required by this item regarding our directors is incorporated 
by reference to the information to be set forth under 
 the captions Board Governance Matters - Proposal 1 - Election of Directors, 
 Proxy Summary and Highlights - Information Regarding 
 the Board and Director Nominees, Delinquent Section 16(a) Reports, Board 
and Committee Structure and Operations - Committee 
 Matters, Board and Committee Structure and Operations Board 
and Committee Meetings, and Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 in our proxy statement for our 2023 
annual meeting of stockholders (the 2023 Proxy Statement ). The information required by 
this item 
 regarding our executive officers is incorporated by reference to Part I of this Annual Report on Form 10-K under the 
caption Information 
 About our Executive Officers. 
 There have been no material changes to the procedures by which security holders 
may recommend nominees to our Board of 
 Directors since our last disclosure thereof in our 2022 proxy statement. 
 Item 11. 
Executive Compensation 
 The information required by this item regarding compensation 
of executive officers and directors is incorporated by reference to the 
 information to be set forth under the captions (including the subcaptions 
found within these captions) Director Compensation, Executive 
 Compensation, Executive Compensation Tables, and Corporate 
Governance - Other Matters - Compensation Committee Interlocks and 
 Insider Participation in the 2023 Proxy Statement and 
 Note 17: Stock-Based Compensation
 
within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial 
 Statements. 

 Item 12. 
Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and 
 Related Stockholder Matters 
 The information required by this item, other than the equity compensation 
plan information presented below, is incorporated by 
 reference to the information to be set forth under the caption Beneficial Ownership 
of Company Common Stock in the 2023 Proxy 
 Statement and 
 Note 17: Stock-Based Compensation
 
within the Notes to the Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 Securities Authorized for Issuance 
under Equity Compensation Plans 
 Set forth below is information as of December 31, 2022 regarding 
equity compensation plans: 
 Plan Category 
 Number of securities to 
 be issued upon exercise 
 of outstanding options, 
 warrants and rights 
 Weighted average exercise 
 price of outstanding 
 options, warrants and 
 rights 
 Number of securities 
 remaining available for 
 future issuance under 
 equity compensation plans 
 Equity compensation plans 

approved by stockholders 

799,952 
 (1) 
 Equity compensation plans not 

approved by stockholders 
 1,239,240 
 (2) 
 
 11.21 
 (3) 
 1,530,702 
 (4) 
 Total 
 1,239,240 
 
 11.21 
 2,330,654 
 (1) 
 Represents the number of securities remaining available under the Employee Stock Purchase Plan. 
 (2) 
 Includes 100,000 shares issuable upon exercise of stock appreciation rights, 80,000 shares issuable upon exercise of warrants, and 1,059,240 shares 
 issuable upon exercise of stock appreciation rights granted under the 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the "Omnibus Plan"). 
 (3) 
 Represents the weighted average exercise price of outstanding stock appreciation rights and warrants. Includes the weighted average exercise price of 
 28.50 for stock appreciation rights, 5.00 for shares issuable upon exercise of warrants and 10.05 for stock appreciation rights granted under the 
 Omnibus Plan. 
 (4) 
 Available shares can be granted in the form of stock appreciation rights, options, restricted stock, restricted stock units, or performance awards. The 
 number of securities remaining available under the Omnibus Plan was 1,530,702. 

Table of Contents 
 109 
 The Omnibus Plan was established to promote the Company s long-term 
financial success by providing a means for the Company to 
 attract and retain individuals who can and do contribute to the Company s 
success and profitability. All employees and directors of, and 
 certain other service providers to, the Company and its affiliates are eligible to become 
participants in the 2018 Equity Incentive Plan. The 
 Compensation Committee will determine the specific individuals who 
will be granted awards under the Omnibus Plan and the type and 
 amount of any such awards and may permit awards to be granted or transferred 
to certain entities related to participants. Pursuant to the 
 Omnibus Plan, the Compensation Committee is allowed to grant awards 
to eligible persons in the form of non-qualified stock options, stock 
 appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance 
shares, performance units and other stock-based awards. Up to 
 2,600,000 shares of common stock are reserved for issuance under the Omnibus 
Plan; however, any shares issued pursuant to or subject to a 
 Legacy Award do not count against the maximum share limit under the Omnibus Plan. A non-employee director may not be granted any 
 award under the Omnibus Plan which is denominated in shares in any one calendar 
year for which the number of shares granted exceeds a 
 number equal to the quotient of 200 thousand divided by the grant date fair 
value of the award (determined under applicable accounting 
 principles), rounded down to the nearest whole share. Awards vest, become exercisable and contain such other terms and conditions 
as 
 determined by the Compensation Committee and set forth in the individual 
agreements with the participants receiving the awards. The 
 Omnibus Plan enables the Compensation Committee to set specific performance 
criteria that must be met before an award vests under the 
 Omnibus Plan. 
See 
 Note 17: Stock-Based Compensation
 
for additional information about the Omnibus Plan. 
 Item 13. 
Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director 
Independence 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to 
the information to be set forth under the captions Policies and 
 Procedures Regarding Related Person Transactions, Certain Transactions, Corporate 
Governance - Director Nominations, Skills and 
 Qualifications - Director Independence, and Board and Committee 
Structure and Operations - Committee Matters in the 2023 Proxy 
 Statement. 

 Item 14. 
Principal Accountant 
Fees and Services 
 The information required by this item is incorporated by reference to 
the information to be set forth under the caption Audit 
 Matters - Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm Fees and Audit Matters - Policy Regarding Pre-Approval 
of Independent 
 Registered Public Accounting Firm Services in the 2023 Proxy Statement. 

 The independent Registered Public Accounting Firm is 

(Public Company Accounting Oversight Board Firm ID No. located in 
 
 Part IV 
 Item 15. 
Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements 
 The following financial statements of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries, and 
the auditor s report thereon are filed as 
 part of this report under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary 
Data: 
 Page Number
 Report of FORVIS, LLP Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 56
 Consolidated Statements of Financial Condition 
 58
 Consolidated Statements of Operations 
 59
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive (Loss) Income 
 60
 Consolidated Statements of Stockholders Equity 
 61
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 62
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 63
 (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules: 
 All financial statement schedules for CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. and its subsidiaries 
have been included in this Form 10-K in the 
 consolidated financial statements or the related footnotes, or they are 
either inapplicable or not required. 

Table of Contents 
 110 
 (a) (3) Exhibits 

 Incorporated by Reference
 Exhibit 
 Number
 Exhibit Description
 Form
 Exhibit
 Filing 
 Date/Period End 
 Date
 3.1 
 Articles of Incorporation of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 S-1 
 3.1 
 July 18, 2019 
 3.2 
 Amendment to Articles of Incorporation of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 S-1 
 3.2 
 July 18, 2019 
 3.3 
 Bylaws of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 S-1 
 3.3 
 July 18, 2019 
 4.1 
 Specimen Common Stock Certificate 
 S-1 
 4.1 
 July 18, 2019 
 4.2 
 Form of Warrant Agreement 
 S-1/A 
 4.2 
 July 29, 2019 
 4.3 
 Description of Securities 
 10-K 
 4.3 
 March 10, 2020 
 10.1 
 Employment Agreement with Mike Maddox dated 
 June 1, 2020 
 
 10-Q 
 10.1 
 August 12, 2020 
 10.2 
 Employment Agreement with Benjamin R. Clouse, dated July 12, 2021 
 10-Q 
 10.1 
 November 2, 2021 
 10.3 
 Employment Agreement with Amy Fauss dated July 29, 2016 
 S-1 
 10.8 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.4 
 First Amendment to Employment Agreement with Amy Fauss dated 
 March 15, 2019 
 S-1 
 10.9 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.5 
 Amended and Restated Employment Agreement with Randy Rapp, dated 
 effective July 1, 2022 
 10-Q 
 10.1 
 August 3, 2022 
 10.6 
 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan 
 S-1 
 10.15 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.7 
 Form of Legacy RSU - New Market Founders Award 
 S-1 
 10.16 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.8 
 Form of Legacy EIP 2018 RSU Award Agreement 
 S-1 
 10.17 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.9 
 Form of Legacy SAR Award Agreement 
 S-1 
 10.18 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.10 
 Form of EEIP Legacy RSU Award Agreement 
 S-1 
 10.19 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.11 
 Form of RSU Award Agreement 
 S-1 
 10.20 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.12 
 Form of 2019 RSU Award Agreement 
 S-1 
 10.21 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.13 
 Omnibus Plan Form of Time-Based RSU Award Agreement (02.23) 
 10.14 
 Form of Performance Share Award Agreement 
 
 10-K 
 10.18 
 February 28, 2022 
 10.15 
 Omnibus Plan Form of Performance-Based RSU Award Agreement 
 (02.23) 
 10.16 
 Form of Director Restricted Stock Award 
 S-1 
 10.23 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.17 
 Omnibus Plan Director Restricted Stock Award (02.23) 
 
 10.18 
 Form of Indemnification Agreement 
 S-1 
 10.24 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.19 
 Director Deferred Fee Program 
 S-1 
 10.25 
 July 18, 2019 
 10.20 
 Omnibus Plan SAR Award Agreement 
 10.21 
 Annual Incentive Plan 
 10-Q 
 10.1 
 May 14, 2020 
 10.22 
 Employment Agreement with Steve Peterson dated July 1, 2020 
 10-Q 
 10.2 
 August 12, 2020 
 10.23 
 Senior Executive Severance Plan 
 10-Q 
 10.3 
 August 12, 2020 
 10.24 
 Employment Agreement with Jana D. Merfen Dated January 27, 2021 
 10-Q 
 10.1 
 May 6, 2021 
 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 23.1 
 Consent of Forvis, LLP 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of 
 the Exchange act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes- 
 Oxley Act of 2002 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of 
 the Exchange Act, as adopted pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes- 
 Oxley Act of 2002Oxley Act of 2002 
 32.1 
 Certification Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted to Section 
 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 101.INS 
 XBRL Instance Document - the instance document does not appear in the 
 Interactive Data File because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline 
 XBRL document. 
 101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema 
 101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Extension Calculation Linkbase 
 101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase 
 101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase 
 101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase 
 104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted in Inline XBRL and contained 
 in Exhibit 101) 
 Filed Herewith 
 Furnished Herewith 
 Indicates a management contract or compensatory plan 

Table of Contents 
 111 
 Item 16. 
Form 10-K Summary 
 Not applicable. 

Table of Contents 
 112 
 SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this 
 report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 
 CrossFirst Bankshares Inc. 
 March 3, 2023 
 /s/ Benjamin R. Clouse 

Benjamin R. Clouse 

Chief Financial Officer 

(Principal Financial Officer and 
 Principal Accounting Officer) 

Table of Contents 
 113 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons 
on 
 behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 Signature
 Title
 Date
 /s/ Rod Brenneman 
 
Director (Chairman)
 March 3, 2023
 Rod Brenneman 
 /s/ Michael J. Maddox 
 Director, President and Chief Executive Officer (Principal Executive Officer)
 March 3, 2023
 Michael J. 
Maddox
 /s/ Benjamin R. Clouse 
 Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer and Principal Accounting 
 Officer)
 March 3, 2023
 Benjamin R. Clouse
 /s/ George Bruce 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 George Bruce
 /s/ Steven W. Caple 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 Steven W. 
Caple 
 /s/ Ron Geist 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 Ron Geist 
 /s/ Jennifer Grigsby 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 Jennifer Grigsby 
 /s/ George E. Hansen III 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 George E. Hansen III 
 /s/ Lance Humphreys 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 Lance Humphreys 
 /s/ Mason King 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 Mason King 
 /s/ James Kuykendall 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 James Kuykendall 
 /s/ Kevin Rauckman 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 Kevin Rauckman 
 /s/ Michael Robinson 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 Michael Robinson 
 /s/ Grey Stogner 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 Grey Stogner 
 /s/ Stephen K. Swinson 
 Director
 March 3, 2023
 Stephen K. Swinson 

<EX-21.1>
 2
 q42022ex211.htm
 EX-21.1

q42022ex211 

Exhibit 21.1 
 Subsidiaries of the Registrant 
 Name 
 State of Incorporation 
 Other Names Under Which the 
 Subsidiary Does Business 
 CrossFirst Bank 
 Kansas 
 Farmers Stockmens Bank (NM) 
 Central Bank Trust (CO) 
 CB T Mortgage (CO) 
 
CrossFirst Investments, Inc. 
 Kansas 
 
CFBSA I, LLC 
 Kansas 
 
CFBSA II, LLC 
 Kansas 

</EX-21.1>

<EX-23.1>
 3
 q42022ex231.htm
 EX-23.1

q42022ex231 

Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting 
Firm 
 To the Shareholders, Board of Directors and Audit Committee 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 Leawood, Kansas 
 We consent to the incorporation by reference in the registration statements (No. 333-232704) on Form S-
 1, (Nos. 333-233744, 333-239636 and 333-260504) on Form S-8, and (No. 
333-269943) on Form S-3 of 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. of our report dated March 3, 2023, with 
respect to the consolidated 
 statements of financial condition of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. as 
of December 31, 2022 and 2021, and 
 the related consolidated statements of operations, comprehensive income 
(loss), stockholders equity and 
 cash flows for the years ended December 31, 2022, 2021 and 2020, and 
the related notes, which appears 
 in the December 31, 2022, Annual Report on Form 10-K 
of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. We also consent 
 to the references to our firm under the caption Experts in 
the Form S-3. 
 (Formerly BKD, LLP) 

Kansas City, Missouri 
 March 3, 2023 

</EX-23.1>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 q42022ex311.htm
 EX-31.1

q42022ex311 

Certification of Chief Executive Officer
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as adopted 
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I, Michael J. Maddox, certify that: 
 1.
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.; 
 2.
 Based on 
my knowledge, 
this report 
does not 
contain any 
untrue statement 
of a 
material fact 
or omit 
to state 
a material 
fact 
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the 
circumstances under which such statements were made, not 
misleading 
 with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.
 Based on my 
knowledge, the financial 
statements, and other 
financial information included 
in this report, 
fairly present in 
all 
 material 
respects 
the 
financial 
condition, 
results 
of 
operations 
and 
cash 
flows 
of 
the 
registrant 
as 
of, 
and 
for, 
the 
periods 
 presented in this report; 
 4.
 The 
registrant s 
other 
certifying 
officer 
and 
I 
are 
responsible 
for 
establishing 
and 
maintaining 
disclosure 
controls 
and 
 procedures (as defined 
in Exchange Act 
Rules 13a-15(e) and 
15d-15(e))
 and internal control 
over financial reporting 
(as defined 
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure 
controls and procedures to be designed 
 under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the 
registrant, including its consolidated 
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly 
during the period in which this report 
 is being prepared; 
 (b)
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such 
internal control over financial reporting to be 
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and 
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting 
 principles; 
 (c)
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s 
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our 
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and 
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by 
 this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s 
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during 
 the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter 
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the 
case of an annual report) that 
 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, 
the registrant s internal control over financial 
 reporting; and 
 5.
 The registrant s other certifying 
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation 
of internal control over 
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors 
and the audit committee of the registrant s 
board of directors (or persons 
 performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of 
internal control over financial 
 reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s 
ability to record, process, summarize and 
 report financial information; and
 (b)
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other 
employees who have a significant role in the 
 registrant s internal control 
over financial reporting.
 Date: 
March 3, 2023 
 /s/ Michael J. Maddox 
 Michael J. Maddox 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 q42022ex312.htm
 EX-31.2

q42022ex312 

Certification of Chief Financial Officer
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, 
as adopted
 pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 I
 , Benjamin R. Clouse, certify that: 
 1.
 I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc.; 
 2.
 Based on 
my knowledge, 
this report 
does not 
contain any 
untrue statement 
of a 
material fact 
or omit 
to state 
a material 
fact 
 necessary to make the statements made, in light of the 
circumstances under which such statements were made, not 
misleading 
 with respect to the period covered by this report; 
 3.
 Based on my 
knowledge, the financial 
statements, and other 
financial information included 
in this report, 
fairly present in 
all 
 material 
respects 
the 
financial 
condition, 
results 
of 
operations 
and 
cash 
flows 
of 
the 
registrant 
as 
of, 
and 
for, 
the 
periods 
 presented in this report; 
 4.
 The 
registrant s 
other 
certifying 
officer 
and 
I 
are 
responsible 
for 
establishing 
and 
maintaining 
disclosure 
controls 
and 
 procedures (as defined 
in Exchange Act 
Rules 13a-15(e) and 
15d-15(e))
 and internal control 
over financial reporting 
(as defined 
 in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 
 (a)
 Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls 
and procedures to be designed 
 under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the 
registrant, including its consolidated 
 subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly 
during the period in which this report 
 is being prepared; 
 (b)
 Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such 
internal control over financial reporting to be 
 designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding 
the reliability of financial reporting and 
 the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with 
generally accepted accounting 
 principles; 
 (c)
 Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s 
disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our 
 conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and 
procedures, as of the end of the period covered by 
 this report based on such evaluation; and 
 (d)
 Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s 
internal control over financial reporting that occurred during 
 the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter 
(the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the 
case of an annual report) that 
 has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, 
the registrant s internal control over financial 
 reporting; and 
 5.
 The registrant s other certifying 
officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation 
of internal control over 
 financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors 
and the audit committee of the registrant s 
board of directors (or persons 
 performing the equivalent functions):

(a)
 All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of 
internal control over financial 
 reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s 
ability to record, process, summarize and 
 report financial information; and
 (b)
 Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or 
other employees who have a significant role in the 
 registrant s internal control 
over financial reporting.
 Date: 
March 3, 2023 
 /s/ Benjamin R. Clouse 
 Benjamin R. Clouse 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 q42022ex321.htm
 EX-32.1

q42022ex321 

CERTIFICATION OF PRINCIPAL 
EXECUTIVE OFFICER AND PRINCIPAL FINANCIAL OFFICER 
 UNDER 18 U.S.C. 1350 FURNISHED PURSUANT TO SECURITIES EXCHANGE 
ACT RULE 13a-14(b) 
 In connection with the Annual Report on Form 10-K of CrossFirst Bankshares, 
Inc. (the Company for the year ended December 31, 
 2022, as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof 
(the Report ), each of the undersigned, in his 
 respective capacities indicated below, 
hereby certifies, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as enacted by Section 906 of 
the Sarbanes-Oxley 
 Act of 2002, that, to his knowledge and belief, 
 1.
 The Report fully complies with the 
requirements of section 13(a) or 15(d) 
of the Securities Exchange Act of 
1934, as amended; 
 and 
 2.
 The information contained in 
the Report fairly presents, 
in all material 
respects, the financial condition and 
results of operations 
 of the Company. 
 Date: 
March 3, 2023 
 /s/ Michael J. Maddox 
 Michael J. Maddox 
 Chief Executive Officer 
 Date: 
March 3, 2023 
 /s/ Benjamin R. Clouse 
 Benjamin R. Clouse 
 Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-10.13>
 7
 q42022ex1013.htm
 EX-10.13

q42022ex1013 

Exhibit 10.13 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023
 DB04/0835466.0001/14124542.2 
 CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES, INC. 
 2018 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
AGREEMENT 
 Date of Grant: 
________________________________ 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units Granted: 
________________________________ 
 This Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (this "RSU Award 
Agreement"), is entered into on 
 ___________________________, by and between CrossFirst Bankshares, 
Inc., a Kansas Corporation (the 
 "Company") and _________________ 
(the "Grantee"). 
 RECITALS: 
 A. 
Effective October 25, 2018, the Company adopted the CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
2018 
 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan") pursuant to which the Company 
may, from time to time, 
 grant Restricted Stock Units to eligible Service Providers of the Company 
and its Affiliates. 
 B. 
The Grantee is a Service Provider of the Company or one of its Affiliates and 
the 
 Company desires to grant to the Grantee Restricted Stock Units relating 
to the Company's Shares on the 
 terms and conditions reflected in this RSU Award Agreement, the Plan and as otherwise established by 
 the Committee.
 AGREEMENT: 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good 
and valuable 
 consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties 
agree as follows: 
 S
 ection 1. 
Incorporation of the Plan.
 
All provisions of this RSU Award Agreement and 
 the rights of the Grantee hereunder are subject in all respects 
to the provisions of the Plan, the terms of 
 which are incorporated herein by reference, and the powers of the Committee 
therein provided. 

 Capitalized terms used in this RSU Award Agreement but not defined herein have the meanings set forth 
 in Plan. 
 S
 ection 2. 
Grant of Restricted 
Stock Units. 

 As of the 
Date of Grant 
identified above, the 
 Company hereby 
grants to 
the Grantee 
and credits 
to a 
separate account 
maintained on 
the books 
of the 
 Company 
("Account") 
that 
number 
of 
Restricted 
Stock 
Units 
identified 
above 
opposite 
the 
heading 
 "Number of Restricted Stock 
Units Granted" (the "RSUs"). 
On any date, the value 
of each RSU shall equal 
 the Fair Market 
Value of a Share and 
each RSU 
shall represent 
a right 
to receive one 
Share, if the 
applicable 
 terms and 
conditions are 
satisfied. 
The Grantee's 
interest in 
the Account 
shall make 
the Grantee 
only a 
 general, unsecured creditor of the Company. Unless otherwise provided for in the Plan, the RSUs may not 
 be 
sold, 
transferred, 
gifted, 
bequeathed, 
pledged, 
assigned, 
or 
otherwise 
alienated 
or 
hypothecated, 
 voluntarily or involuntarily. 
The rights of the Grantee with respect to the RSUs shall remain forfeitable at 
 all times prior 
to the date 
or dates (each 
a "Vesting 
Date") on which such 
rights are vested 
in accordance 
 with Section 3 below. 

 S
 ection 3. 
Vesting 
and Settlement of RSUs.
 
The RSUs may be settled by delivering to the 
 Grantee or his 
or her Beneficiary, as 
applicable, either, as 
determined by 
the Company in 
its sole discretion, 
 (a) an amount 
of cash equal 
to the Fair 
Market Value 
of a Share 
as of the 
Vesting 
Date multiplied by the 

Exhibit 10.13 
 2 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 number of Shares underlying 
the RSUs held by 
the Grantee (or a 
specified portion of 
the RSUs in the 
event 
 of any partial 
vesting), or (b) 
a number of 
Shares equal to 
the whole number 
of Shares underlying 
the RSUs 
 then held by the Grantee (or a specified portion of the RSUs in 
the event of any partial vesting). 
The date 
 on which the Company pays cash or issues 
Shares to the Grantee in connection with vesting of 
an RSU is 
 the settlement date. 

 Except as specifically provided 
elsewhere under the 
Plan or in this 
RSU Award Agreement, the restrictions 
 on the RSUs will lapse and the RSUs will become vested in accordance with 
the schedule set forth below: 
 Vesting 
Date 
 Percentage of RSUs Vested 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 _______ 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
(a) if the Grantee's position 
as a Service Provider 
with the Company or 
any 
 of its Affiliates is terminated by reason of the Grantee's death or 
Disability, the Vesting 
Date for all of the 
 RSUs automatically 
will be accelerated 
to the 
date of the 
Grantee's termination as 
a Service 
Provider; or 
 (b) if the Grantee 
resigns his or her 
position as a Service 
Provider with the Company 
or any of its Affiliates 
 due to Retirement, the 
unvested RSUs shall 
not be forfeited upon 
Grantee's Retirement and 
shall instead be 
 settled in accordance with 
the vesting schedule shown above 
(i.e., the specified percentage 
of RSUs shall 
 be settled 
no later 
than the 
60
 th
 
day following 
each original 
Vesting 
Date shown 
on the 
vesting schedule 
 above that occurs after the date on which the Grantee resigns his or her 
position as a Service Provider due 
 to 
Retirement). 
For 
purposes 
of 
this 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement, 
"Retirement" 
shall 
mean 
the 
Grantee 
 resigning his or her 
position as a Service 
Provider with the Company or 
any of its Affiliates 
(other than a 
 resignation 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
Grantee's 
employment 
being 
terminated 
for 
Cause) 
after 
the 
first 
 anniversary of 
the 
Date of 
Grant 
and after 
(i) attaining 
age 55, 
(ii) 
providing 10 
years 
of 
service to 
the 
 Company or its Affiliates (for 
purposes of this RSU 
Award Agreement, a "year of service" is 
a consecutive 
 365 day period during 
which the Grantee served as 
a Service Provider), and 
(iii) six months have elapsed 
 from the date 
the Grantee provided 
the General Counsel 
and Corporate Secretary 
of the Company, 
or his 
 or her designee(s), with advance written notice of the Grantee's intent 
to resign due to Retirement. 
 Payment of the cash and/or Shares following 
a Vesting Date (or, 
in the case of a Grantee who has 
resigned 
 his 
or 
her 
position 
as 
a 
Service 
Provider 
due 
to 
Retirement, each 
original 
"Vesting 
Date" 
listed 
on 
the 
 vesting 
schedule 
above) 
shall 
be 
made 
by 
the 
Company 
to 
the 
Grantee 
as 
soon 
as 
administratively 
 practicable, but no later 
than the 60th 
day following a Vesting 
Date (or, 
in the case 
of a Grantee 
who has 
 resigned his or her position as a 
Service Provider due to Retirement, 
each original "Vesting Date" listed on 
 the vesting schedule above). 

 Section 4. 
Cancellation of RSUs.
 
Unless otherwise provided 
in this Section 4 
or in the 
Plan, 
 if, prior to the final Vesting Date, the Grantee's position as a Service 
Provider to the Company or any 
of its 
 Affiliates 
is 
terminated 
for 
any 
reason 
(other 
than 
the 
Grantee's 
death, 
Disability, 
or 
Retirement) 
or 
no 
 reason, the Grantee 
shall thereupon 
immediately forfeit 
any and all 
unvested RSUs, 
all such unvested 
RSUs 
 shall 
be cancelled 
and the 
Grantee shall 
have no 
further rights 
under this 
RSU Award 
Agreement. 
For 
 purposes of this RSU Award 
Agreement, the transfer of employment between the Company and any of its 
 Affiliates (or 
between Affiliates) 
shall not 
constitute a 
termination of 
the Grantee's 
position as 
a Service 
 Provider. 

 Section 5. 
Dividends and 
Voting. 
 
Prior to 
an RSU's 
settlement date, 
the Grantee 
shall be 
 entitled 
to 
receive 
Dividend 
Equivalent 
payments 
for 
any 
dividends 
paid 
by 
the 
Company 
on 
Shares, 
 whether payable in Stock, in cash or in kind, or other distributions, declared 
as of a record date that occurs 
 on or after the Date of Grant hereunder 
and prior to any cancellation of such 
RSUs, provided that any such 

Exhibit 10.13 
 3 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 Dividend Equivalent payments shall be held in escrow by the Company and, be subject to the same rights, 
 restrictions on transfer 
and conditions applicable 
to the underlying 
RSUs. 
In the event 
of cancellation of 
 any or 
all of 
the RSUs, 
the Grantee 
will forfeit 
all Dividend 
Equivalent payments 
held in 
escrow and 
relating 
 to the underlying cancelled 
RSUs. 
The Grantee will have 
no voting rights with 
respect to any of 
the RSUs. 
 Section 6. 
Tax Withholding. 

 The Grantee shall be required to pay to the Company, and the 
 Company shall have the 
right to deduct from 
any compensation paid to 
the Grantee pursuant to 
the Plan, or 
 from 
any 
other 
compensation otherwise 
due 
to 
the 
Grantee, 
the 
amount 
of 
any 
federal, 
state, 
and 
local 
 withholding obligations of the Company with 
respect to the RSUs. 
The Company will not deliver Shares 
 to the Grantee under this 
RSU Award 
Agreement unless the Grantee has remitted (or 
in appropriate cases 
 agrees 
to 
remit) 
or 
otherwise 
provided 
for 
the 
satisfaction 
of 
any 
withholding 
obligation. 
Unless 
 specifically denied by the 
Committee, the Grantee 
may elect to satisfy 
any such withholding obligations 
by 
 one or a combination of the following methods: 
 (a) 
payment of an amount in cash equal to the amount to be withheld; 
 (b) 
payment by tendering previously acquired Shares (either actually 
or by attestation) valued 
 at the Share's then Fair Market Value and equal 
to the amount to be withheld; or 
 (c) 
requesting that the 
Company withhold from 
the Shares otherwise 
issuable to the 
Grantee 
 Shares having a Fair Market Value equal to or less than the amount to be withheld. 
 To the extent the Committee 
permits withholding 
through either the 
payment of previously 
acquired Shares 
 or withholding from Shares 
otherwise issuable to the Grantee, 
any such withholding shall 
be in accordance 
 with 
any 
rules 
or 
established procedures 
for 
election by 
Participants, including 
any 
rules 
or 
restrictions 
 relating 
to 
the 
period 
of 
time 
any 
previously 
acquired 
Shares 
have 
been 
held 
or 
owned, 
including 
any 
 elections, the irrevocability of 
any election, or 
any special rules relating 
to a Grantee 
who is an 
officer of 
 the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the 1934 Act. 
 In the 
event that 
the Grantee 
becomes eligible 
to resign 
his or 
her position 
as a 
Service Provider 
due to 
 Retirement (i.e., when the Grantee has 
attained age 55 and provided 10 years 
of service to the Company or 
 its Affiliates), for 
purposes of 
certain FICA 
tax withholding obligations, 
any unvested 
RSUs shall 
no longer 
 be subject to a substantial risk of forfeiture as of the date the Grantee both attains age 55 and has provided 
 10 years of service to the Company or its Affiliates. 
 S
 ection 7. 
No 
Right 
to 
Continue 
as 
a 
Service 
Provider. 

 Neither 
the 
Plan 
nor 
this 
RSU 
 Award 
Agreement 
confers 
upon 
the 
Grantee 
any 
right 
to 
be 
retained 
in 
any 
position 
as 
an 
Employee, 
 Consultant, or Director of the Company. 
Further, nothing in the Plan or this RSU Award Agreement shall 
 be construed to limit 
the discretion of the 
Company to terminate the 
Grantee as a Service 
Provider at any 
 time, with or without Cause. 

 S
 ection 8. 
Restrictive 
Covenants. 

 In 
consideration 
for 
the 
granting 
of 
the 
RSUs 
and 
in 
 addition to any 
other restrictive agreements that 
the Grantee may 
have entered into 
with the Company 
or 
 an Affiliate, the Grantee accepts and agrees to be bound (except in cases in which 
the following covenants 
 conflict with 
the terms 
of any 
employment agreement 
between the 
Company or 
an Affiliate 
and the 
Grantee; 
 in such cases the terms of such an employment agreement shall control) in accordance with the provisions 
 set forth in Exhibit A. 
 Section 9.
 Compliance with 
Law.
 
The issuance 
and transfer 
of Shares 
shall be 
subject to 
 compliance by the 
Company and 
the Grantee with 
all applicable 
requirements of federal 
and state 
securities 
 laws and with all 
applicable requirements of any stock 
exchange on which the 
Company's Shares may be 

Exhibit 10.13 
 4 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 listed. No Shares 
shall be issued 
with respect to 
the RSUs unless 
and until any 
then applicable 
requirements 
 of 
state or 
federal laws 
and regulatory 
agencies have 
been fully 
complied with 
to the 
satisfaction of 
the 
 Company and its counsel. The Grantee 
understands that the Company 
is under no obligation to register 
the 
 Shares 
with 
the 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission, 
any 
state 
securities 
commission, 
or 
any 
stock 
 exchange to effect such compliance. 
 S
 ection 10. 
Notices.
 
Any 
notice 
required 
to 
be 
delivered 
to 
the 
Company 
under 
this 
RSU 
 Award Agreement shall be in writing and addressed to 
the General Counsel and Corporate 
Secretary of the 
 Company at the Company's principal corporate office. 
Any notice required to be delivered to the Grantee 
 under this RSU Award Agreement shall be in writing 
and addressed to the 
Grantee at the Grantee's 
address 
 as shown in 
the records of 
the Company. 
Either party may 
designate another address in 
writing (or such 
 other method approved by the Company) from time to time. 
 S
 ection 11. 
Governing Law. 

 This RSU Award 
Agreement will be construed and interpreted 
 in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas without regard to 
conflict of law principles. 
 S
 ection 12. 
Adjustments. 

 If any change is made to the outstanding Stock or capital structure 
 of the Company, 
if required, the 
RSUs shall be 
adjusted or terminated in 
any manner as 
contemplated by 
 the Plan. 
 S
 ection 13. 
Amendment.
 
This RSU Award 
Agreement may be amended in 
a manner that is 
 materially adverse to the Grantee only by a writing 
executed by the parties hereto which specifically states 
 that it is amending this RSU Award Agreement. 
 S
 ection 14. 
Clawback Policy. 

 The RSUs 
will be 
subject to 
certain provisions 
of the 
Dodd-
 Frank 
Wall 
Street 
Reform 
and 
Consumer 
Protection 
Act 
of 
2010 Dodd-Frank 
and 
any 
other 
 compensation clawback 
policy that 
the Committee 
has adopted 
or is 
required to 
adopt pursuant 
to the 
listing 
 standatds of 
any national 
securities exchange 
on which 
the Company's 
securities are 
listed or 
as is otherwise 
 required 
by 
Dodd 
Frank 
or 
any 
other 
applicable 
law, 
including 
without 
limitation 
the 
CrossFirst 
 Bankshares, Inc. Incentive Compensation Clawback Policy. 
Grantee acknowledges that the RSUs may be 
 clawed back by the 
Company in accordance 
with any policies 
and procedures adopted 
by the Committee in 
 order to comply with Dodd Frank or as set forth in this RSU Award Agreement. 

 Section 15. 
Interpretation. 

 Any 
dispute 
regarding 
the 
interpretation 
of 
this 
RSU 
Award 
 Agreement shall be submitted 
by the Grantee 
or the Company to 
the Committee for 
review. 
The resolution 
 of such dispute by the Committee shall be final and binding on the Grantee 
and the Company. 
 S
 ection 16. 
Titles. 

 Titles are 
provided herein for 
convenience only and 
are not to 
serve as a 
 basis for interpretation or construction of this RSU Award Agreement. 
 S
 ection 17.Section 
409A Compliance. 
 
Notwithstanding any provision 
of the 
Plan or 
this RSU 
 Award Agreement to the contrary, (i) this RSU Award Agreement shall not 
be amended in 
any manner that 
 would cause any amounts payable 
hereunder that are not 
subject to Code Section 409A 
("Section 409A") 
 to 
become 
subject 
thereto 
(unless 
they 
also 
are 
in 
compliance 
therewith), 
and 
the 
provisions 
of 
any 
 purported amendment 
that may 
reasonably 
be expected 
to 
result in 
such 
non-compliance shall 
be of 
no 
 force or 
effect with 
respect to 
this RSU 
Award 
Agreement and 
(ii) the 
Company, 
to the 
extent it 
deems 
 necessary 
or 
advisable in 
its 
sole 
discretion, reserves 
the 
right, but 
shall not 
be required, 
to 
unilaterally 
 amend or modify this RSU Award 
Agreement to reflect the intention that the Plan qualifies for exemption 
 from or complies with Section 409A in a manner that as closely as 
practicable achieves the original intent 
 of this RSU 
Award Agreement and with 
the least reduction, 
if any, in overall 
benefit to a 
Grantee to 
comply 
 with 
Section 
409A 
on 
a 
timely 
basis, 
which 
may 
be 
made 
on 
a 
retroactive 
basis, 
in 
accordance 
with 

Exhibit 10.13 
 5 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 regulations and 
other guidance 
issued under 
Section 409A. 
Neither the 
Company nor 
the Committee 
makes 
 any representation 
that this 
RSU Award 
Agreement shall 
be exempt 
from or 
comply with 
Section 409A 
 and makes no undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying 
to this RSU Award Agreement.
 S
 ection 18.Successors and 
Assigns. 

 The Company may 
assign any of 
its rights under 
this RSU 
 Award 
Agreement. 
This 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement 
will 
be 
binding 
upon 
and 
inure 
to 
the 
benefit 
of 
the 
 successors and 
assigns of 
the Company. 
Subject to 
the restrictions 
on transfer 
set forth 
herein, this 
RSU 
 Award 
Agreement 
will 
be 
binding 
upon 
the 
Grantee 
and 
the 
Grantee's 
beneficiaries, 
executors, 
 administrators and the 
person(s) to 
whom the 
RSUs may 
be transferred by 
will or 
the laws 
of descent 
or 
 distribution. 
 S
 ection 19.Severability. 

 The invalidity 
or unenforceability 
of any 
provision of 
the Plan 
or this 
 RSU Award 
Agreement shall not affect the validity or enforceability of 
any other provision of the Plan or 
 this 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement, 
and 
each 
provision 
of 
the 
Plan 
and 
this 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement 
shall 
be 
 severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 
 Section 20. 
No Impact on Other Benefits.
 
The value of the RSUs is not part of the Grantee's 
 normal or expected compensation 
for purposes of calculating 
any severance, retirement, 
welfare, insurance 
 or similar employee benefit. 
 Section 21.
 Counterparts.
 
This 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement 
may 
be 
executed 
in 
counterparts, 
 each 
of 
which 
shall 
be 
deemed 
an 
original 
but 
all 
of 
which 
together 
will 
constitute 
one 
and 
the 
same 
 instrument. 
Counterpart 
signature 
pages 
to 
this 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement 
transmitted 
by 
facsimile 
 transmission, 
by 
electronic 
mail 
in 
portable 
document 
format 
(.pdf), 
or 
by 
any 
other 
electronic 
means 
 intended to preserve the original graphic 
and pictorial appearance of a document, 
will have the same effect 
 as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 
 Section 22. 
Acceptance.
 
The Grantee hereby acknowledges receipt of a copy of the Plan and 
 this Agreement. 
The Grantee 
has read 
and understands 
the terms 
and provisions thereof, 
and accepts 
the 
 RSUs subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this RSU 
Award Agreement. 

 Section 23. 
Entire 
Agreement 
and 
Binding 
Effect. 

 This 
RSU Award 
Agreement and 
the 
 Plan constitute the entire 
contract between the parties 
hereto with regard 
to the subject matter 
hereof. 
They 
 supersede any 
other agreements, 
representations or 
understandings (whether 
oral or 
written and 
whether 
 express or 
implied) that 
relate to 
the subject 
matter hereof. 
Except as 
expressly stated 
herein to 
the contrary, 
 this 
RSU Award 
Agreement will 
be binding 
upon and 
inure to 
the 
benefit of 
the 
respective heirs, 
legal 
 representatives, successors and assigns of the parties hereto.
 [Signature Page Follows] 
 The parties 
to this 
RSU Award 
Agreement have 
executed this 
RSU Award 
Agreement as 
of the 
 date provided in the preamble to this agreement. 

Exhibit 10.13 
 6 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES, INC. 
 By: _____________________ 
 Name:___________________ 
 Title:____________________ 
 [GRANTEE NAME] 
 By: _____________________ 
 Name:___________________ 

Exhibit 10.13 
 7 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 EXHIBIT A 
 Restrictive Covenants for Grantee Employed in Arizona, Georgia, Kansas, Missouri, Texas 
 or New Mexico 

 1.
 NONCOMPETITION. 
For a period 
of one year 
following the 
date of Grantee's 
 termination 
as 
a 
Service 
Provider 
("
 Termination 
Date")
 , 
Grantee 
 will 
not 
 contribute his 
or her 
knowledge, directly 
or indirectly, in 
whole or 
in part, 
as an 
employee, 
 officer, 
owner, 
manager, 
advisor, 
consultant, 
agent, 
partner, 
director, 
shareholder, 
 volunteer, 
intern 
or 
in 
any 
other 
similar 
capacity 
to 
an 
entity 
engaged 
in 
the 
same 
or 
 similar 
business 
as 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
within 
the 
state, 
region 
or 
 metropolitan statistical area (as appropriate) for which 
Grantee had responsibility for, 
or 
 conducted business 
on behalf 
of, the 
Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates during 
the two 
years 
 prior to the Termination Date. 
 2.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF 
EMPLOYEES. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
 one 
year 
following 
 the 
 Termination 
Date 
, 
Grantee will 
not directly or 
indirectly, 
solicit, hire, recruit, 
attempt 
 to 
hire 
or 
recruit, 
or 
induce 
the 
termination 
of 
employment 
of 
any 
employee 
of 
the 
 Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 3.
 NONSOLICITATIO 
N 
OF 
COMPANY 
CUSTOMERS. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
 one 
year 
 following 
 the Termination 
Date 
, 
Grantee will not 
directly or indirectly, solicit, contact 
 (including, 
but 
not 
limited 
to, 
e-mail, 
regular 
mail, 
express 
mail, 
telephone, 
fax, 
and 
 instant 
message), 
attempt 
to 
contact 
or 
meet 
with 
the 
current, 
former 
or 
prospective 
 customers 
of 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
with 
whom 
Grantee 
had 
material 
 contact 
during 
Grantee's 
employment, 
for 
purposes 
of 
offering 
or 
accepting 
goods 
or 
 services 
similar 
to 
or 
competitive 
with 
those 
offered 
by 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
 Affiliates. 

 4.
 NO 
DETRIMENTAL 
COMMUNICATIO
 NS. 
Grantee 
 agrees 
not 
to 
disclose 
or 
 cause to be disclosed 
at any time 
any untrue, negative, adverse 
or derogatory comments 
 or information 
about the 
Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates, any 
product or 
service provided 
 by the 
Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates 
, 
or prospects 
for the 
future of 
the Company 
or 
 one of its 
Affiliates. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
this provision does 
not in any way 
 limit, restrict or impede Grantee s 
ability to provide truthful testimony or information 
in 
 response to a subpoena, court or arbitral order, or as otherwise required by law. 
 5.
 CONFIDENTIALITY. 

 Grantee 
 acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company 
to 
 maintain as confidential all information 
about the Company s and its Affiliates' business, 
 proprietary, 
and 
technical 
information 
that 
is 
not 
known 
to 
others, 
including 
without 
 limitation, customer 
lists, information relating 
to the 
Company's or one 
of its 
Affiliates' 
 customers, 
their 
businesses, 
operations, 
employees 
and 
customers, 
unique 
concepts, 
 lending practices, 
sales presentations, 
marketing programs, 
marketing strategies, 
business 
 practices, pricing information, 
employment handbooks, training 
materials/manuals, cost 
 information, customer 
leads, documents 
identifying past, 
present and 
future customers, 
 hiring 
and 
training 
methods, 
investment 
policies, 
financial 
and 
other 
confidential, 
 proprietary and/or trade secret 
information concerning the Company s 
and its Affiliates' 

Exhibit 10.13 
 8 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 operations 
and 
growth 
plans 
("Confidential 
Information"). 
Grantee 
recognizes 
that 
the 
 Confidential Information is the sole and exclusive property of the Company or one of its 
 Affiliates, 
and 
that 
disclosure 
of 
Confidential 
Information 
would 
cause 
damage 
to 
the 
 Company or one 
of its Affiliates. 
Grantee shall not 
at any time 
disclose or authorize the 
 disclosure 
of 
Confidential 
Information 
that 
(a) is 
disclosed 
to 
or 
known 
by 
Grantee 
as 
 result 
of 
as 
a 
consequence 
of 
or 
through 
the 
Grantee's 
performance 
of 
services 
for 
the 
 Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates, 
(b) 
is 
not 
publicly 
or 
generally 
known 
outside 
the 
 Company or one 
of its Affiliates 
and (c) relates 
in any 
manner to the 
Company's or one 
 of its Affiliates' business. 
This Section 5 shall apply in addition 
to, and not in derogation 
 of 
any 
other 
confidentiality 
agreements 
that 
may 
exist, 
now 
or 
in 
the 
future, 
between 
 Grantee and the Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 1.
 On 
or 
before 
the 
Termination 
Date
 , 
 Grantee 
shall 
return 
to 
the 
Company, 
all 
 records, 
lists, 
compositions, 
documents 
and 
other 
items 
which 
contain, 
disclose 
 and/or 
embody 
any 
Confidential 
Information 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
all 
 copies, 
reproductions, 
summaries 
and 
notes 
of 
the 
contents 
thereof, 
expressly 
 including all electronically-stored 
data, wherever stored), 
regardless of the 
person 
 causing the same to be in such form, and Grantee will certify 
that the provisions of 
 this paragraph have been complied with.
 2.
 Notwithstanding 
the 
above 
or 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Exhibit 
A 
or 
any 
other 
 agreement executed by the Grantee to the 
contrary, 
there shall be no restriction on 
 the Grantee's 
ability 
to (i) 
report violations 
of 
any 
law or 
regulation, 
(ii) 
provide 
 truthful testimony or 
information pursuant 
to subpoena, 
court order, or 
similar legal 
 process, (iii) provide truthful information to government or regulatory agencies, or 
 (iv) 
otherwise 
engage 
in 
whistleblower 
activity 
protected 
by 
the 
Securities 
 Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934, 
the 
Dodd-Frank 
Wall 
Street 
Reform 
and 
Consumer 
 Protection 
Act, 
or 
any 
rules 
or 
regulations 
issued 
thereunder, 
including, 
without 
 limitation, Rule 21F-17. 
In addition, 18 U.S.C. 
 1833(b) provides, in part: 
 (1) An 
 individual shall 
not be 
held criminally 
or civilly 
liable under any 
Federal or 
State 
 trade secret 
law for the 
disclosure of a 
trade secret that 
(A) is 
made (i) 
in confidence 
 to a Federal, 
State, or local 
government official, 
either directly or 
indirectly, 
or to 
 an attorney; and (ii) solely for the 
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected 
 violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other 
document filed in a lawsuit 
 or other 
proceeding, if 
such filing 
is made 
under seal. 
 . (2) An 
individual who 
 files a lawsuit for retaliation 
by an employer for reporting a 
suspected violation of 
 law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade 
 secret information in the court 
proceeding, if the individual (A) files any 
document 
 containing the 
trade secret 
under seal; 
and (B) 
does not 
disclose the 
trade secret, 
 except pursuant 
to court 
order. 
Nothing in 
this Exhibit 
A, any 
other agreement 
 executed by the 
Grantee is 
intended to conflict 
with the 
statutory protection 
in 18 
 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 6.
 BREACH 
OF 
COVENANTS. 

 In 
the 
event 
of 
a 
breach 
of 
any 
of 
the 
covenants 
 contained 
in 
this 
Exhibit 
A: 
(a) 
any 
unvested 
portion 
of 
the 
RSUs 
shall 
be 
forfeited 
 effective as of the date 
of such breach, unless sooner terminated 
by operation of another 
 term of condition of the RSU 
Award 
Agreement or the Plan; and (b) the 
Grantee hereby 

Exhibit 10.13 
 9 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 consents and agrees that the Company or one of its Affiliates 
shall be entitled to seek, in 
 addition 
to 
other 
available 
remedies, 
a 
temporary 
or 
permanent 
injunction 
or 
other 
 equitable 
relief 
against 
such 
breach 
or 
threatened 
breach 
from 
any 
court 
of 
competent 
 jurisdiction, without the 
necessity of 
showing any actual 
damages or that 
money damages 
 would not afford 
an adequate remedy, 
and without the 
necessity of posting 
any bond or 
 security. 
The aforementioned equitable 
relief shall be 
in addition to, 
not in lieu 
of, legal 
 remedies, monetary damages or other available forms of relief. 
 7.
 SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions 
of this Exhibit A 
shall otherwise contravene 
 or be invalid 
under the 
laws of 
any state, 
country or 
other jurisdiction 
where this 
Exhibit 
A 
 is applicable 
but for 
such contravention 
or invalidity, such 
contravention 
or invalidity 
shall 
 not invalidate 
all of 
the provisions 
of this 
Exhibit A 
but rather 
it shall 
be construed, insofar 
 as the laws of that state or other jurisdiction are concerned, 
as not 
containing 
the provision 
 or provisions 
contravening 
or invalid 
under the 
laws of that 
state or 
jurisdiction, or 
a court 
 of 
competent 
jurisdiction 
may 
reform 
any 
such 
invalid 
provision, 
and 
the 
rights 
and 
 obligations created hereby shall be construed and enforced accordingly. 

 Restrictive Covenants for Grantee Employed in Oklahoma 
 1.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF EMPLOYEES. 
For a period of 
one year following 
 the date of 
 Grantee's termination as a Service 
Provider ("
 Termination 
Date 
"), 
Grantee will not 
 directly 
solicit, 
hire, 
recruit, 
attempt 
to 
hire 
or 
recruit, 
or 
induce 
the 
termination 
of 
 employment of any employee of the Company or one of 
its Affiliates during the two years 
 prior to the Termination Date. 
 2.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF COMPANY CUSTOMERS. 
For a 
period of 
one year 
following 
 the Termination Date, 
Grantee will 
not directly 
solicit, interfere 
with, or 
attempt to 
interfere 
 with any of the Company 
's or one of its 
Affiliates' established customer 
relationships that 
 existed 
at 
Grantee's 
Termination 
Date 
for 
purposes 
of 
offering 
or 
accepting 
goods 
or 
 services 
similar 
to 
or 
competitive 
with 
those 
offered 
by 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
 Affiliates. 

 3.
 NO DETRIMENTAL 
COMMUNICATIONS. 
Grantee agrees not 
to disclose or 
cause to 
 be 
disclosed 
at 
any 
time 
any 
untrue, 
negative, 
adverse 
or 
derogatory 
comments 
or 
 information about the 
Company or one of 
its Affiliates, any product or 
service provided by 
 the Company or one of its Affiliates, 
or prospects for the future of the Company or one of 
 its 
Affiliates. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
foregoing, 
this 
provision 
does 
not 
in 
any 
way 
limit, 
 restrict or 
impede Grantee s ability 
to provide 
truthful testimony 
or information 
in response 
 to a subpoena, court or arbitral order, or as otherwise required by law. 
 4.
 CONFIDENTIALITY. 
Grantee 
acknowledges 
that 
it 
is 
the 
policy 
of 
the 
Company 
to 
 maintain as confidential 
all information about 
the Company s 
and its Affiliates' 
business, 
 proprietary, 
and 
technical 
information 
that 
is 
not 
known 
to 
others, 
including 
without 
 limitation, 
customer 
lists, 
information 
relating 
to 
the 
Company's 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates' 
 customers, 
their 
businesses, 
operations, 
employees 
and 
customers, 
unique 
concepts, 
 lending practices, sales presentations, marketing 
programs, marketing strategies, business 
 practices, 
pricing 
information, 
employment 
handbooks, 
training 
materials/manuals, 
cost 

Exhibit 10.13 
 10 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 information, 
customer 
leads, 
documents 
identifying 
past, 
present 
and 
future 
customers, 
 hiring 
and 
training 
methods, 
investment 
policies, 
financial 
and 
other 
confidential, 
 proprietary and/or 
trade 
secret information 
concerning 
the Company s 
and 
its 
Affiliates' 
 operations 
and 
growth 
plans 
("Confidential 
Information"). 
Grantee 
recognizes 
that 
the 
 Confidential Information 
is the sole 
and exclusive 
property of the 
Company or 
one of 
its 
 Affiliates, 
and 
that 
disclosure 
of 
Confidential 
Information 
would 
cause 
damage 
to 
the 
 Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates. 
Grantee shall 
not at 
any time 
disclose or 
authorize the 
 disclosure of 
Confidential Information 
that (a) is 
disclosed to 
or known 
by Grantee 
as result 
 of as a consequence of or through the 
Grantee's performance of services for the Company 
 or one of its Affiliates, 
(b) is not publicly or generally known outside the Company or one 
 of 
its 
Affiliates 
and 
(c) 
relates 
in 
any 
manner 
to 
the 
Company's 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
 business. 
This 
Section 
4 
shall 
apply 
in 
addition 
to, 
and 
not 
in 
derogation 
of 
any 
other 
 confidentiality agreements 
that may 
exist, now 
or in 
the future, 
between Grantee 
and the 
 Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 1.
 On 
or 
before 
the 
Termination 
Date, 
Grantee 
shall 
return 
to 
the 
Company, 
all 
 records, 
lists, 
compositions, 
documents 
and 
other 
items 
which 
contain, 
disclose 
 and/or 
embody 
any 
Confidential 
Information 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
all 
 copies, 
reproductions, 
summaries 
and 
notes 
of 
the 
contents 
thereof, 
expressly 
 including all 
electronically-stored data, wherever 
stored), regardless of 
the person 
 causing the same to be in such form, and Grantee will certify 
that the provisions of 
 this paragraph have been complied with. 
 2.
 Notwithstanding 
the 
above 
or 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Exhibit 
A 
or 
any 
other 
 agreement executed by the Grantee to the 
contrary, 
there shall be no restriction on 
 the Grantee's 
ability 
to (i) 
report violations 
of 
any 
law or 
regulation, 
(ii) 
provide 
 truthful testimony or 
information pursuant 
to subpoena, 
court order, or 
similar legal 
 process, (iii) provide truthful information to government or regulatory agencies, or 
 (iv) 
otherwise 
engage 
in 
whistleblower 
activity 
protected 
by 
the 
Securities 
 Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934, 
the 
Dodd-Frank 
Wall 
Street 
Reform 
and 
Consumer 
 Protection 
Act, 
or 
any 
rules 
or 
regulations 
issued 
thereunder, 
including, 
without 
 limitation, Rule 21F-17. 
In addition, 18 U.S.C. 
 1833(b) provides, in part: 
 (1) An 
 individual shall 
not be 
held criminally 
or civilly 
liable under any 
Federal or 
State 
 trade secret 
law for the 
disclosure of a 
trade secret that 
(A) is 
made (i) 
in confidence 
 to a Federal, 
State, or local 
government official, 
either directly or 
indirectly, 
or to 
 an attorney; and (ii) solely for the 
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected 
 violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other 
document filed in a lawsuit 
 or other 
proceeding, if 
such filing 
is made 
under seal. 
 . (2) An 
individual who 
 files a lawsuit for retaliation 
by an employer for reporting a 
suspected violation of 
 law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade 
 secret information in the court 
proceeding, if the individual (A) files any 
document 
 containing the 
trade secret 
under seal; 
and (B) 
does not 
disclose the 
trade secret, 
 except pursuant 
to court 
order. 
Nothing in 
this Exhibit 
A, any 
other agreement 
 executed by the 
Grantee is 
intended to conflict 
with the 
statutory protection 
in 18 
 U.S.C. 1833(b). 

Exhibit 10.13 
 11 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 5.
 BREACH OF COVENANTS. 
In the event of a breach of 
any of the covenants contained 
 in this 
Exhibit A: 
(a) any 
unvested portion 
of the 
RSUs shall 
be forfeited 
effective as 
of 
 the date of 
such breach, unless 
sooner terminated by 
operation of another 
term of condition 
 of the RSU Award Agreement or the Plan; and (b) the Grantee hereby consents and agrees 
 that 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
shall 
be 
entitled 
to 
seek, 
in 
addition 
to 
other 
 available remedies, 
a temporary 
or permanent 
injunction or 
other equitable 
relief against 
 such 
breach 
or 
threatened 
breach 
from 
any 
court 
of 
competent 
jurisdiction, 
without 
the 
 necessity 
of 
showing 
any 
actual 
damages 
or 
that 
money 
damages 
would 
not 
afford 
an 
 adequate 
remedy, 
and 
without 
the 
necessity 
of 
posting 
any 
bond 
or 
security. 
The 
 aforementioned 
equitable 
relief 
shall 
be 
in 
addition 
to, 
not 
in 
lieu 
of, 
legal 
remedies, 
 monetary damages or other available forms of relief. 
 6.
 SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions of this Exhibit A shall otherwise contravene or 
 be invalid under the laws of any state, country 
or other jurisdiction where this Exhibit A is 
 applicable but 
for such 
contravention or 
invalidity, 
such contravention 
or invalidity 
shall 
 not invalidate all of the 
provisions of this Exhibit A but 
rather it shall be construed, 
insofar 
 as the laws of that state or other 
jurisdiction are concerned, as not containing the provision 
 or provisions 
contravening or 
invalid under 
the laws 
of that 
state or 
jurisdiction, and 
the 
 rights and obligations created hereby shall be construed and enforced accordingly. 
 Restrictive Covenants for Grantee Employed in Colorado 
 1.
 The provisions in paragraphs 2 and 4 are 
for the protection of the Company's or one 
of its 
 Affiliates' 
trade secrets. 
The 
provisions 
in 
paragraphs 2 
apply 
only 
to 
a 
Grantee 
whose 
 annualized 
cash 
compensation 
is 
equivalent 
to 
or 
greater 
than 
the 
threshold 
amount 
for 
 highly compensated workers established by the Division of Labor Standards and Statistics 
 in the 
Colorado Department 
of Labor 
and Employment. 
The provisions 
in paragraphs 
2 
 and 
4 
apply 
only 
to 
a 
Grantee 
whose 
annualized 
cash 
compensation 
is 
equivalent 
to 
or 
 greater than 60 of 
the threshold amount for 
highly compensated workers established 
by 
 the Division 
of Labor 
Standards and 
Statistics in 
the Colorado 
Department of 
Labor and 
 Employment. 
 2.
 NONCOMPETITION. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
one year 
following 
the 
date 
of 
Grantee's 
 termination as a Service Provider 
("
 Termination 
Date")
 , Grantee 
 will not 
contribute 
 his or 
her knowledge, 
directly or 
indirectly, 
in whole 
or in 
part, as 
an employee, 
officer, 
 owner, manager, advisor, consultant, agent, 
partner, director, shareholder, volunteer, intern 
 or in any other similar capacity to an entity engaged in the same or 
similar business as the 
 Company or one of its Affiliates within the state, 
region or metropolitan statistical area (as 
 appropriate) for which Grantee had responsibility for, 
or conducted business on behalf of, 
 the Company or one of its Affiliates during the two years prior to the Termination 
Date. 
 3.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF 
EMPLOYEES. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
one 
year 
following 
the 
 Termination 
Date, Grantee will not directly 
solicit, hire, recruit, attempt to 
hire or recruit, 
 or induce 
the termination 
of employment 
of any 
employee of 
the Company 
or one 
of its 
 Affiliates. 

Exhibit 10.13 
 12 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 4.
 NONSOLICITATIO 
N 
OF 
COMPANY 
CUSTOMERS. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
 one 
year 
 following 
 the Termination 
Date 
, 
Grantee will not directly or 
indirectly, solicit, 
contact 
 (including, but not 
limited to, e-mail, 
regular mail, express 
mail, telephone, fax, 
and instant 
 message), attempt to contact or meet 
with the current, former or prospective 
customers of 
 the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
with 
whom 
Grantee 
had 
material 
contact 
during 
 Grantee's employment, 
for purposes 
of offering 
or accepting 
goods or 
services similar 
to 
 or competitive with those offered by the Company or one of its Affiliates. 

 5.
 NO DETRIMENTAL 
COMMUNICATION 
S. 
Grantee agrees not 
to disclose or 
cause to 
 be 
disclosed 
at 
any 
time 
any 
untrue, 
negative, 
adverse 
or 
derogatory 
comments 
or 
 information about the 
Company or one of 
its Affiliates, any product or 
service provided by 
 the Company or one of its Affiliates, 
or prospects for the future of the Company or one of 
 its 
Affiliates. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
foregoing, 
this 
provision 
does 
not 
in 
any 
way 
limit, 
 restrict or 
impede Grantee's ability 
to provide truthful 
testimony or information 
in response 
 to a subpoena, court or arbitral order, or as otherwise required by law. 
 6.
 CONFIDENTIALITY. 
Grantee 
acknowledges 
that 
it 
is 
the 
policy 
of 
the 
Company 
to 
 maintain 
as 
confidential 
all 
information 
about 
the 
Company s 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates' 
 business, 
proprietary, 
and 
technical 
information 
that 
is 
not 
known 
to 
others, 
including 
 without limitation, 
customer lists and 
information relating 
to the Company's 
or one of 
its 
 Affiliates' 
customers, 
their 
businesses, 
operations, 
employees 
and 
customers, 
unique 
 concepts, lending practices, sales 
presentations, marketing programs, marketing 
strategies, 
 business 
practices, 
pricing 
information, 
employment 
handbooks, 
training 
 materials/manuals, cost 
information, customer 
leads, documents 
identifying past, 
present 
 and future customers, hiring and 
training methods, investment policies, financial 
and other 
 confidential, proprietary and/or trade secret information concerning 
the Company s or one 
 of 
its 
Affiliates' 
operations 
and 
growth 
plans 
("Confidential 
Information"). 
Grantee 
 recognizes 
that 
the 
Confidential 
Information 
is 
the 
sole 
and 
exclusive 
property 
of 
the 
 Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates, 
and that 
disclosure of 
Confidential Information 
would 
 cause damage 
to the 
Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates. 
Grantee shall 
not at 
any time 
disclose 
 or authorize the disclosure 
of Confidential Information that (a) is 
disclosed to or known 
by 
 Grantee as result of as 
a consequence of or through the 
Grantee's performance of services 
 for the Company or one of its Affiliates, 
(b) is not publicly or generally known outside the 
 Company or one of its Affiliates and (c) relates in any manner to the Company's or 
one of 
 its Affiliates' business. 
This Section 6 shall 
apply in addition to, 
and not in derogation 
of 
 any other confidentiality agreements that may exist, 
now or in the future, between 
Grantee 
 and the Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 1.
 On 
or 
before 
the 
Termination 
Date, 
Grantee 
shall 
return 
to 
the 
Company, 
all 
 records, 
lists, 
compositions, 
documents 
and 
other 
items 
which 
contain, 
disclose 
 and/or 
embody 
any 
Confidential 
Information 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
all 
 copies, 
reproductions, 
summaries 
and 
notes 
of 
the 
contents 
thereof, 
expressly 
 including all 
electronically-stored data, wherever 
stored), regardless of 
the person 
 causing the same to be in such form, and Grantee will certify 
that the provisions of 
 this paragraph have been complied with. 

Exhibit 10.13 
 13 
 Time-Based Vesting RSU Award 
Agreement 
 v. 02.17.2023 
 2.
 Notwithstanding 
the 
above 
or 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Exhibit 
A 
or 
any 
other 
 agreement executed by Grantee to the contrary, 
there shall be no restriction on 
the 
 Grantee s 
ability 
to 
(i) 
report 
violations 
of 
any 
law 
or 
regulation, 
(ii) 
provide 
 truthful testimony or 
information pursuant 
to subpoena, 
court order, or 
similar legal 
 process, (iii) provide truthful information to government or regulatory agencies, or 
 (iv) 
otherwise 
engage 
in 
whistleblower 
activity 
protected 
by 
the 
Securities 
 Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934, 
the 
Dodd-Frank 
Wall 
Street 
Reform 
and 
Consumer 
 Protection 
Act, 
or 
any 
rules 
or 
regulations 
issued 
thereunder, 
including, 
without 
 limitation, Rule 21F-17. 
In addition, 18 U.S.C. 
 1833(b) provides, in part: 
 (1) An 
 individual shall 
not be 
held criminally 
or civilly 
liable under any 
Federal or 
State 
 trade secret 
law for the 
disclosure of a 
trade secret that 
(A) is 
made (i) 
in confidence 
 to a Federal, 
State, or local 
government official, 
either directly or 
indirectly, 
or to 
 an attorney; and (ii) solely for the 
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected 
 violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other 
document filed in a lawsuit 
 or other 
proceeding, if 
such filing 
is made 
under seal. 
 . (2) An 
individual who 
 files a lawsuit for retaliation 
by an employer for reporting a 
suspected violation of 
 law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade 
 secret information in the court 
proceeding, if the individual (A) files any 
document 
 containing the 
trade secret 
under seal; 
and (B) 
does not 
disclose the 
trade secret, 
 except pursuant 
to court 
order. 
Nothing in 
this Exhibit 
A, any 
other agreement 
 executed by the 
Grantee is 
intended to conflict 
with the 
statutory protection 
in 18 
 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 7.
 BREACH OF COVENANTS. 
In the event of a breach of 
any of the covenants contained 
 in this 
Exhibit A: 
(a) any 
unvested portion 
of the 
RSUs shall 
be forfeited 
effective as 
of 
 the date of 
such breach, unless 
sooner terminated by 
operation of another 
term of condition 
 of the RSU Award Agreement or the Plan; and (b) the Grantee hereby consents and agrees 
 that 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
shall 
be 
entitled 
to 
seek, 
in 
addition 
to 
other 
 available remedies, 
a temporary 
or permanent 
injunction or 
other equitable 
relief against 
 such 
breach 
or 
threatened 
breach 
from 
any 
court 
of 
competent 
jurisdiction, 
without 
the 
 necessity 
of 
showing 
any 
actual 
damages 
or 
that 
money 
damages 
would 
not 
afford 
an 
 adequate 
remedy, 
and 
without 
the 
necessity 
of 
posting 
any 
bond 
or 
security. 
The 
 aforementioned 
equitable 
relief 
shall 
be 
in 
addition 
to, 
not 
in 
lieu 
of, 
legal 
remedies, 
 monetary damages or other available forms of relief. 
 8.
 SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions of this Exhibit A shall otherwise contravene or 
 be invalid under 
the laws of 
any state, 
country or 
other jurisdiction 
where this Exhibit 
A is 
 applicable 
but for such contravention 
or invalidity, such contravention or 
invalidity shall 
 not invalidate all of the 
provisions of this Exhibit A but rather it shall be construed, 
 insofar as the laws of that state or other jurisdiction are concerned, 
as not 
containing 
the 
 provision 
or provisions 
contravening 
or invalid 
under 
the laws 
of that 
state 
or jurisdiction, or 
 a court of competent jurisdiction may reform any such invalid provision, and the rights 
 and obligations created hereby shall be construed and enforced accordingly. 

</EX-10.13>

<EX-10.15>
 8
 q42022ex1015.htm
 EX-10.15

q42022ex1015 

Exhibit 10.15 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES, INC. 
 2018 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 PERFORMANCE-BASED RESTRICTED STOCK UNIT AWARD 
AGREEMENT 
 Date of Grant: 
________________________________ 
 Number of Restricted Stock Units Granted: 
________________________________ 
 This Performance-Based 
Restricted Stock 
Unit Award Agreement (this 
"Performance RSU 
 Award 
Agreement"), 
is 
entered 
into 
on 
___________________________, 
by 
and 
between 
 CrossFirst Bankshares, 
Inc., a 
Kansas Corporation 
(the "Company") 
and _________________ 
(the 
 "Grantee"). 
 RECITALS: 
 A. 
Effective October 25, 2018, the Company 
adopted the CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive 
Plan (the "Plan") pursuant to 
which the Company may, from time 
 to 
time, 
grant 
Restricted 
Stock 
Units 
to 
eligible 
Service 
Providers 
of 
the 
Company 
and 
its 
 Affiliates. 
 B. 
The Grantee is 
a Service Provider 
of the Company 
or one of 
its Affiliates 
and the 
 Company desires to grant to the Grantee RSUs relating to the Company's Shares on the terms and 
 conditions 
reflected 
in 
this 
Performance 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement, 
the 
Plan, 
and 
as 
otherwise 
 established by the Committee.
 AGREEMENT: 
 In 
consideration 
of 
the 
mutual 
covenants 
contained 
herein 
and 
other 
good 
and 
valuable 
 consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
 S
 ection 1. 
Incorporation of 
the Plan.
 
All provisions 
of this 
Performance RSU 
Award 
 Agreement and the rights 
of the Grantee hereunder are 
subject in all respects 
to the provisions of 
 the Plan, 
the terms 
of which 
are incorporated 
herein by 
reference, and 
the powers 
of the 
Committee 
 therein 
provided. 
Capitalized 
terms 
used 
in 
this 
Performance 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement 
but 
not 
 defined herein have the meanings set forth in Plan. 
 S
 ection 2. 
Grant of 
Performance RSUs. 

 As of 
the Date 
of Grant 
identified above, 
 the 
Company 
hereby 
grants 
to 
the 
Grantee 
and 
credits 
to 
a 
separate 
account 
maintained 
on 
the 
 books 
of 
the 
Company 
("Account") 
that 
number 
of 
Restricted 
Stock 
Units 
identified 
above 
 opposite the heading "Number of Restricted Stock Units Granted" (the "Performance RSUs"). On 
 any date each Performance RSU 
shall represent a right to receive 
a percentage (which may be 
less 
 than 
100 , 
100 , 
or 
more 
than 
100 
of 
a 
Share, 
if 
the 
applicable 
terms 
and 
conditions 
are 
 satisfied. 
The Grantee's interest in the Account shall make the 
Grantee only a general, unsecured 
 creditor of the Company. 
Unless otherwise provided for in the Plan, 
the Performance RSUs may 
 not 
be 
sold, 
transferred, 
gifted, 
bequeathed, 
pledged, 
assigned, 
or 
otherwise 
alienated 
or 

Exhibit 10.15 
 2 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 hypothecated, 
voluntarily 
or 
involuntarily. 
The 
rights 
of 
the 
Grantee 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
 Performance RSUs shall 
remain forfeitable at all 
times prior to 
the date on 
which such rights 
are 
 vested 
(the 
date 
on 
which 
the 
Grantee's 
rights 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
Performance 
RSUs 
become 
 nonforfeitable in accordance with Section 3 below is the "Vesting 
Date"). 
 S
 ection 3. 
Vesting 
and Settlement of 
Performance RSUs.
 
The Performance RSUs 
 may 
be 
settled 
by 
delivering 
to 
the 
Grantee 
or 
his 
or 
her 
Beneficiary, 
as 
applicable, 
either, 
as 
 determined by the Company in 
its sole discretion, (a) an amount 
of cash equal to the 
Fair Market 
 Value 
of a Share 
as of the 
Vesting 
Date multiplied by 
the number of 
the Performance RSUs 
that 
 become vested on 
the Vesting 
Date, or (b) 
a number of 
Shares equal to 
the whole number 
of the 
 Performance RSUs that 
become vested 
on the Vesting Date. 
The date 
on which 
the Company pays 
 cash 
or 
issues 
Shares 
to 
the 
Grantee 
in 
connection 
with 
vesting 
of 
a 
Performance 
RSU 
is 
the 
 settlement date. 
 Except as 
specifically provided 
elsewhere under 
the Plan 
or in 
this RSU 
Award 
Agreement, the 
 restrictions 
on 
the 
Performance RSUs 
subject 
to 
this 
Performance RSU 
Award 
Agreement 
will 
 lapse 
and 
the 
Performance 
RSUs 
will 
become 
vested 
in 
accordance 
with 
the 
following 
 performance vesting terms and conditions: 
 [Insert Applicable Vesting 
Terms] 
 Notwithstanding 
the 
foregoing, 
(a) 
the 
Committee 
may, 
in 
its 
sole 
discretion, 
accelerate 
the 
 Vesting 
Date for 
any or 
all of 
the Performance 
RSUs, if 
in its 
judgment the 
performance of 
the 
 Grantee 
has 
warranted 
such 
acceleration 
and/or 
such 
acceleration 
is 
in 
the 
best 
interests 
of 
the 
 Company, provided that, except with respect to the 
Performance RSUs granted to a nonemployee 
 Director, the Vesting 
Date may not be accelerated with 
respect to the Performance RSUs held 
by 
 the Grantee for 
less than a 
year from the 
Date of Grant; 
(b) if the 
Grantee's position as 
a Service 
 Provider with the Company or 
any of its Affiliates 
is terminated by reason 
of the Grantee's death 
 or Disability, 
the Vesting 
Date for all of the Performance RSUs automatically 
will be accelerated 
 to the 
date of 
the Grantee 
's termination 
as a 
Service Provider 
and such 
Performance RSUs 
will 
 vest at the 
Target 
level of performance 
identified above; and 
(c) if the 
Grantee resigns his 
or her 
 position as a Service Provider with the Company or any of its Affiliates due to "Retirement" after 
 the first anniversary 
of the Date 
of Grant, the 
Grantee will not 
forfeit any 
of the 
Performance RSUs 
 and instead 
shall vest, on 
the Vesting Date, in a pro 
rata portion of 
the Performance RSUs 
to which 
 the Grantee would have been entitled had the 
Grantee not resigned on account of Retirement. 
For 
 purposes 
of 
this 
Performance 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement, 
the 
pro 
rata 
portion 
of 
the 
Performance 
 RSUs to which the Grantee 
is entitled to if the Grantee 
retires during the Performance Period after 
 the 
first 
anniversary 
of 
the 
Grant 
Date 
shall 
be 
determined 
by 
multiplying 
the 
number 
of 
the 
 Performance RSUs 
that would 
have vested 
had the 
Grantee remained 
a Service 
Provider for 
the 
 entire Performance Period by 
a fraction, the numerator 
of which is the 
total number of days 
during 
 the 
Performance 
Period 
for 
which 
the 
Grantee 
was 
a 
Service 
Provider 
and 
the 
denominator 
of 
 which is 
the total 
number of 
days in 
the Performance 
Period. 
Furthermore, for 
purposes 
of this 
 Performance 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement, 
"Retirement" 
means 
the 
Grantee 
resigning 
his 
or 
her 

Exhibit 10.15 
 3 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 position 
as 
a 
Service 
Provider 
(other 
than 
a 
resignation 
in 
connection 
with 
the 
Grantee's 
 employment being terminated by the Company for Cause) after (i) attaining age 55, (ii) providing 
 10 years of service 
to the Company or its 
Affiliates (for purposes of this 
Performance RSU Award 
 Agreement, 
a "year of 
service" is a 
consecutive 365 day 
period during which 
the Grantee served 
 as a 
Service Provider), 
and (iii) 
six months 
have elapsed 
from the 
date the 
Grantee provided 
the 
 General Counsel and Corporate 
Secretary of the Company, or his or 
her designee(s), 
with advance 
 written notice of the Grantee's intent to resign due to Retirement. 
 Payment of the 
cash and/or Shares 
following the Vesting 
Date shall be made 
by the Company 
to 
 the 
Grantee 
as 
soon 
as 
administratively 
practicable 
thereafter, 
but 
no 
later 
than 
the 
60
 th
 
day 
 following the Vesting 
Date. 
 Section 4. 
Cancellation 
of 
Performance 
RSUs.
 
Unless 
otherwise 
provided 
in 
this 
 Section 4 or in the Plan, if, prior to the 
Vesting 
Date, the Grantee's position as a Service Provider 
 to the Company 
or any of 
its Affiliates is 
terminated for any 
reason (other than 
the Grantee's death, 
 Disability, 
or Retirement) 
or no 
reason, 
the Grantee 
shall thereupon 
immediately forfeit 
any and 
 all unvested Performance 
RSUs, all such 
unvested Performance RSUs 
shall be cancelled 
and the 
 Grantee shall 
have no 
further rights under 
this Performance RSU 
Award Agreement. 
For purposes 
 of this 
Performance RSU 
Award 
Agreement, the 
transfer of 
employment between 
the Company 
 and any of its Affiliates 
(or between Affiliates) shall 
not constitute a termination of 
the Grantee's 
 position as a Service Provider. 

 Section 5. 
Dividends and Voting. 
 
Prior to a Performance RSU's settlement date, the 
 Grantee shall be 
entitled to receive 
Dividend Equivalent payments 
for any dividends 
paid by the 
 Company on Shares, whether payable in Stock, in cash or in 
kind, or other distributions, declared 
 as of a 
record date that occurs 
on or after 
the Date of Grant 
hereunder and prior 
to any cancellation 
 of such 
Performance RSUs, 
provided that 
any such 
Dividend Equivalent 
payments shall 
be held 
 in escrow 
by the 
Company and, 
be subject 
to the 
same rights, 
restrictions on 
transfer and 
conditions 
 applicable to the 
underlying Performance RSUs. 
In the event 
of cancellation of 
any or all 
of the 
 Performance RSUs, the Grantee will forfeit all Dividend Equivalent payments held in escrow and 
 relating to 
the underlying 
cancelled Performance 
RSUs. 
The Grantee will 
have no 
voting rights 
 with respect to any of the Performance RSUs. 
 Section 6. 
Tax 
Withholding. 

 The Grantee shall 
be required to 
pay to the 
Company, 
 and 
the 
Company 
shall 
have 
the 
right 
to 
deduct 
from 
any 
compensation 
paid 
to 
the 
Grantee 
 pursuant to the Plan, or from any other compensation otherwise due to 
the Grantee, the amount of 
 any 
federal, 
state, 
and 
local 
withholding 
obligations 
of 
the 
Company 
with 
respect 
to 
the 
 Performance RSUs. 
The Company will not deliver Shares to the Grantee under this Performance 
 RSU Award 
Agreement unless the 
Grantee has remitted 
(or in appropriate 
cases agrees to 
remit) 
 or 
otherwise 
provided 
for 
the 
satisfaction 
of 
any 
withholding 
obligation. 
Unless 
specifically 
 denied by 
the Committee, 
the Grantee 
may elect 
to satisfy 
any such 
withholding obligations 
by 
 one or a combination of the following methods: 
 (a) 
payment of an amount in cash equal to the amount to be withheld; 
 (b) 
payment by tendering previously acquired Shares (either actually or 
by attestation) 
 valued at the Share's then Fair Market Value 
and equal to the amount to be withheld; or 

Exhibit 10.15 
 4 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 (c) 
requesting 
that 
the 
Company 
withhold 
from 
the 
Shares 
otherwise 
issuable 
to 
the 
 Grantee Shares having a Fair Market Value 
equal to or less than the amount to be withheld. 
 To 
the 
extent 
the 
Committee 
permits 
withholding 
through 
either 
the 
payment 
of 
previously 
 acquired 
Shares 
or 
withholding 
from 
Shares 
otherwise 
issuable 
to 
the 
Grantee, 
any 
such 
 withholding 
shall 
be 
in 
accordance 
with 
any 
rules 
or 
established 
procedures 
for 
election 
by 
 Participants, 
including 
any 
rules 
or 
restrictions 
relating 
to 
the 
period 
of 
time 
any 
previously 
 acquired 
Shares 
have 
been 
held 
or 
owned, 
including 
any 
elections, 
the 
irrevocability 
of 
any 
 election, or 
any special 
rules relating 
to a 
Grantee who 
is an 
officer 
of the 
Company within 
the 
 meaning of Section 16 of the 1934 Act. 
 S
 ection 7. 
No Right 
to Continue 
as 
a Service 
Provider. 

 Neither the 
Plan nor 
this 
 Performance 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement 
confers 
upon 
the 
Grantee 
any 
right 
to 
be 
retained 
in 
any 
 position as an Employee, Consultant, or Director of the Company. 
Further, nothing in the Plan or 
 this Performance 
RSU Award Agreement shall 
be construed 
to limit 
the discretion 
of the 
Company 
 to terminate the Grantee as a Service Provider at any time, with or without Cause. 

 S
 ection 8. 
Restrictive 
Covenants. 

 In 
consideration 
for 
the 
granting 
of 
the 
 Performance RSUs and in addition 
to any other restrictive agreements that 
the Grantee may have 
 entered into with the Company 
or an Affiliate, the Grantee accepts 
and agrees to be bound 
(except 
 in cases in 
which the 
following covenants conflict 
with the terms 
of any employment 
agreement 
 between 
the 
Company 
or 
an 
Affiliate 
and 
the 
Grantee; 
in 
such 
cases 
the 
terms 
of 
such 
an 
 employment agreement shall control) in accordance with the provisions set forth in Exhibit A. 
 Section 9.
 Compliance with 
Law.
 
The issuance 
and transfer 
of Shares 
shall be 
subject 
 to compliance 
by the 
Company 
and the 
Grantee with 
all applicable 
requirements of 
federal and 
 state 
securities 
laws 
and 
with 
all 
applicable 
requirements 
of 
any 
stock 
exchange 
on 
which 
the 
 Company's Shares may be listed. 
No Shares shall be issued with 
respect to the Performance RSUs 
 unless and until any then applicable requirements of state or 
federal laws and regulatory agencies 
 have been 
fully complied 
with to 
the satisfaction 
of the 
Company 
and its 
counsel. The 
Grantee 
 understands that the Company is under no obligation 
to register the Shares with the Securities and 
 Exchange 
Commission, 
any 
state 
securities 
commission 
or 
any 
stock 
exchange 
to 
effect 
such 
 compliance. 
 S
 ection 10. 
Notices.
 
Any 
notice 
required 
to 
be 
delivered 
to 
the 
Company 
under this 
 Performance RSU Award Agreement shall be 
in writing and 
addressed to the 
General Counsel and 
 Corporate 
Secretary 
of 
the 
Company 
at 
the 
Company's 
principal 
corporate 
office. 
Any 
notice 
 required to be delivered to the 
Grantee under this Performance RSU Award Agreement shall be in 
 writing 
and 
addressed 
to 
the 
Grantee 
at 
the 
Grantee's 
address 
as 
shown 
in 
the 
records 
of 
the 
 Company. 
Either party may designate another address in writing (or such other method approved 
 by the Company) from time to time. 
 S
 ection 11. 
Governing 
Law. 

 This 
Performance 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement 
will 
be 
 construed and 
interpreted 
in 
accordance with 
the 
laws 
of 
the 
State 
of 
Kansas 
without 
regard to 
 conflict of law principles. 

Exhibit 10.15 
 5 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 S
 ection 12. 
Adjustments. 

 If 
any 
change 
is 
made 
to 
the 
outstanding 
Stock 
or 
capital 
 structure of 
the Company, 
if required, 
the Performance 
RSUs shall 
be adjusted 
or terminated 
in 
 any manner as contemplated by the Plan. 
 S
 ection 13. 
Amendment.
 
This Performance RSU Award Agreement may be amended 
 in 
a 
manner that 
is 
materially 
adverse 
to 
the 
Grantee 
only 
by 
a 
writing 
executed by 
the 
parties 
 hereto which specifically states that it is amending this Performance RSU Award 
Agreement. 
 S
 ection 14. 
Clawback 
Policy. 

 The 
Performance 
RSUs 
will 
be 
subject 
to 
certain 
 provisions of the Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and Consumer Protection 
Act of 2010 Dodd-
 Frank 
and 
any 
other 
compensation 
clawback 
policy 
that 
the 
Committee 
has 
adopted 
or 
is 
 required to adopt 
pursuant to the listing 
standatds of any 
national securities exchange 
on which the 
 Company's securities are listed or as is otherwise required by Dodd Frank or any 
other applicable 
 law, 
including 
without 
limitation 
the 
CrossFirst 
Bankshares, 
Inc. 
Incentive 
Compensation 
 Clawback Policy. 
Grantee acknowledges that the Performance RSUs may be clawed back by the 
 Company in 
accordance with 
any policies 
and procedures 
adopted by 
the Committee 
in order 
to 
 comply with Dodd Frank or as set forth in this Performance RSU Award Agreement.
 Section 15. 
Interpretation. 

 Any 
dispute 
regarding 
the 
interpretation 
of 
this 
 Performance RSU 
Award 
Agreement shall 
be 
submitted 
by the 
Grantee 
or the 
Company 
to the 
 Committee for review. 
The resolution of 
such dispute by 
the Committee shall 
be final and 
binding 
 on the Grantee and the Company. 
 S
 ection 16. 
Titles. 

 Titles are provided herein for convenience only and 
are not to serve 
 as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Performance RSU Award 
Agreement. 
 S
 ection 17.Section 409A Compliance. 
 
It is the intent of the Company that all 
payments 
 made under 
this Performance 
RSU Award 
Agreement will 
be exempt 
from Section 
409A of 
the 
 Code and the 
Treasury regulations 
and guidance issued 
thereunder ("Section 
409A") pursuant to 
 the 
 short-term 
deferral 
exemption. 
Notwithstanding 
any 
provision 
of 
the 
Plan 
or 
this 
 Performance RSU Award Agreement to the 
contrary, (i) this Performance RSU 
Award Agreement 
 shall not be amended in any manner that would cause any amounts payable hereunder 
that are not 
 subject to Section 409A to become subject thereto (unless they also are in compliance therewith), 
 and the provisions of any purported amendment that may reasonably be expected to result in such 
 non-compliance 
shall 
be 
of 
no 
force 
or 
effect 
with 
respect 
to 
this 
Performance 
RSU 
Award 
 Agreement 
and 
(ii) 
the 
Company, 
to 
the 
extent 
it 
deems 
necessary 
or 
advisable 
in 
its 
sole 
 discretion, 
reserves 
the 
right, 
but 
shall 
not 
be 
required, 
to 
unilaterally 
amend 
or 
modify 
this 
 Performance RSU Award 
Agreement to reflect the intention that the Plan qualifies for exemption 
 from or 
complies with 
Section 409A 
in a 
manner that 
as closely 
as practicable 
achieves the 
original 
 intent of this Performance RSU 
Award 
Agreement and with the 
least reduction, if any, 
in overall 
 benefit 
to 
a 
Grantee 
to 
comply 
with 
Section 
409A on 
a 
timely 
basis, 
which may 
be 
made 
on 
a 
 retroactive basis, 
in accordance 
with regulations 
and other 
guidance issued 
under Section 
409A. 

 Neither 
the 
Company 
nor 
the 
Committee 
makes 
any 
representation 
that 
this 
Performance 
RSU 
 Award Agreement 
shall be exempt from or comply with Section 409A and makes no undertaking 
 to preclude Section 409A from applying to this Performance 
RSU Award 
Agreement.

Exhibit 10.15 
 6 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 S
 ection 18.Successors and Assigns. 

 The Company may 
assign any of 
its rights under this 
 Performance RSU Award 
Agreement. This Performance RSU Award 
Agreement will be binding 
 upon 
and 
inure 
to 
the 
benefit 
of 
the 
successors 
and 
assigns 
of 
the 
Company. 
Subject 
to 
the 
 restrictions on transfer set forth 
herein, this Performance RSU Award 
Agreement will be binding 
 upon the 
Grantee and 
the Grantee's 
beneficiaries, executors, 
administrators and 
the person(s) 
to 
 whom the Performance RSUs may be transferred by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 
 S
 ection 19.Severability. 

 The invalidity 
or unenforceability 
of any 
provision of 
the Plan 
 or this Performance 
RSU Award 
Agreement shall 
not affect 
the validity 
or enforceability 
of any 
 other provision of the Plan 
or this Performance RSU Award Agreement, and each provision of the 
 Plan and this 
Performance RSU Award Agreement shall 
be severable and 
enforceable to the 
extent 
 permitted by law. 
 Section 20. 
No Impact on Other Benefits.
 
The value of the 
Performance RSUs is not 
 part of the Grantee's normal or expected compensation for purposes of calculating any severance, 
 retirement, welfare, insurance or similar employee benefit. 
 Section 21.
 Counterparts.
 
This Performance RSU 
Award Agreement may be executed 
 in counterparts, each of 
which shall be deemed 
an original but all of 
which together will constitute 
 one 
and 
the 
same 
instrument. 
Counterpart 
signature 
pages 
to 
this 
Performance 
RSU 
Award 
 Agreement transmitted by facsimile transmission, by electronic mail in portable document format 
 (.pdf), 
or 
by 
any 
other 
electronic 
means 
intended 
to 
preserve 
the 
original 
graphic 
and 
pictorial 
 appearance of a 
document, will 
have the same 
effect as 
physical delivery 
of the paper 
document 
 bearing an original signature. 
 Section 22. 
Acceptance.
 
The 
Grantee 
hereby 
acknowledges 
receipt 
of 
a 
copy 
of 
the 
 Plan and this Agreement. The Grantee has read and understands the terms and provisions thereof, 
 and accepts the Performance 
RSUs subject to 
all of the terms 
and conditions of 
the Plan and 
this 
 Performance RSU Award 
Agreement. 

 Section 23. 
Entire 
Agreement 
and 
Binding 
Effect. 

 This 
Performance 
RSU 
Award 
 Agreement and the Plan constitute 
the entire contract between 
the parties hereto with regard 
to the 
 subject matter 
hereof. 
They supersede 
any other 
agreements, representations 
or understandings 
 (whether oral 
or written 
and whether 
express or 
implied) that 
relate to 
the subject 
matter hereof. 

 Except as 
expressly stated 
herein to 
the contrary, 
this Performance 
RSU Award 
Agreement will 
 be binding upon 
and inure to 
the benefit of 
the respective heirs, 
legal representatives, successors 
 and assigns of the parties hereto. 
 [Signature Page Follows] 

Exhibit 10.15 
 7 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 The parties 
to this 
Performance RSU 
Award 
Agreement have 
executed this 
Performance 
 RSU Award 
Agreement as of the date provided in the preamble to this agreement. 
 CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES, INC. 
 By: _____________________ 
 Name:___________________ 
 Title:____________________ 
 [GRANTEE NAME] 
 By: _____________________ 
 Name:___________________ 

Exhibit 10.15 
 8 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 Exhibit A 
 Restrictive Covenants for Grantee Employed in Arizona, Georgia, Kansas, Missouri, Texas 
 or New Mexico 

 1.
 NONCOMPETITION. 
For a period 
of one year 
following the 
date of Grantee's 
 termination 
as 
a 
Service 
Provider 
("
 Termination 
Date")
 , 
Grantee 
 will 
not 
 contribute his 
or her 
knowledge, directly 
or indirectly, in 
whole or 
in part, 
as an 
employee, 
 officer, 
owner, 
manager, 
advisor, 
consultant, 
agent, 
partner, 
director, 
shareholder, 
 volunteer, 
intern 
or 
in 
any 
other 
similar 
capacity 
to 
an 
entity 
engaged 
in 
the 
same 
or 
 similar 
business 
as 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
within 
the 
state, 
region 
or 
 metropolitan statistical area (as appropriate) for which 
Grantee had responsibility for, 
or 
 conducted business 
on behalf 
of, the 
Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates during 
the two 
years 
 prior to the Termination Date. 
 2.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF 
EMPLOYEES. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
 one 
year 
following 
 the 
 Termination 
Date 
, 
Grantee will 
not directly or 
indirectly, 
solicit, hire, recruit, 
attempt 
 to 
hire 
or 
recruit, 
or 
induce 
the 
termination 
of 
employment 
of 
any 
employee 
of 
the 
 Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 3.
 NONSOLICITATIO 
N 
OF 
COMPANY 
CUSTOMERS. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
 one 
year 
 following 
 the Termination 
Date 
, 
Grantee will not 
directly or indirectly, solicit, contact 
 (including, 
but 
not 
limited 
to, 
e-mail, 
regular 
mail, 
express 
mail, 
telephone, 
fax, 
and 
 instant 
message), 
attempt 
to 
contact 
or 
meet 
with 
the 
current, 
former 
or 
prospective 
 customers 
of 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
with 
whom 
Grantee 
had 
material 
 contact 
during 
Grantee's 
employment, 
for 
purposes 
of 
offering 
or 
accepting 
goods 
or 
 services 
similar 
to 
or 
competitive 
with 
those 
offered 
by 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
 Affiliates. 

 4.
 NO 
DETRIMENTAL 
COMMUNICATIONS. 

 Grantee 
 agrees 
not 
to 
disclose 
or 
 cause to be disclosed 
at any time 
any untrue, negative, adverse 
or derogatory comments 
 or information 
about the 
Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates, any 
product or 
service provided 
 by the 
Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates 
, 
or prospects 
for the 
future of 
the Company 
or 
 one of its 
Affiliates. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
this provision does 
not in any way 
 limit, restrict or impede Grantee s 
ability to provide truthful testimony or information 
in 
 response to a subpoena, court or arbitral order, or as otherwise required by law. 
 5.
 CONFIDENTIALITY. 

 Grantee 
 acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company 
to 
 maintain as confidential all information 
about the Company s and its Affiliates' business, 
 proprietary, 
and 
technical 
information 
that 
is 
not 
known 
to 
others, 
including 
without 
 limitation, customer 
lists, information relating 
to the 
Company's or one 
of its 
Affiliates' 
 customers, 
their 
businesses, 
operations, 
employees 
and 
customers, 
unique 
concepts, 
 lending practices, 
sales presentations, 
marketing programs, 
marketing strategies, 
business 
 practices, pricing information, 
employment handbooks, training 
materials/manuals, cost 
 information, customer 
leads, documents 
identifying past, 
present and 
future customers, 
 hiring 
and 
training 
methods, 
investment 
policies, 
financial 
and 
other 
confidential, 
 proprietary and/or trade secret 
information concerning the Company s 
and its Affiliates' 

Exhibit 10.15 
 9 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 operations 
and 
growth 
plans 
("Confidential 
Information"). 
Grantee 
recognizes 
that 
the 
 Confidential Information is the sole and exclusive property of the Company or one of its 
 Affiliates, 
and 
that 
disclosure 
of 
Confidential 
Information 
would 
cause 
damage 
to 
the 
 Company or one 
of its Affiliates. 
Grantee shall not 
at any time 
disclose or authorize the 
 disclosure 
of 
Confidential 
Information 
that 
(a) is 
disclosed 
to 
or 
known 
by 
Grantee 
as 
 result 
of 
as 
a 
consequence 
of 
or 
through 
the 
Grantee's 
performance 
of 
services 
for 
the 
 Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates, 
(b) 
is 
not 
publicly 
or 
generally 
known 
outside 
the 
 Company or one 
of its Affiliates 
and (c) relates 
in any 
manner to the 
Company's or one 
 of its Affiliates' business. 
This Section 5 shall apply in addition 
to, and not in derogation 
 of 
any 
other 
confidentiality 
agreements 
that 
may 
exist, 
now 
or 
in 
the 
future, 
between 
 Grantee and the Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 a)
 On 
or 
before 
the 
Termination 
Date
 , 
 Grantee 
shall 
return 
to 
the 
Company, 
all 
 records, 
lists, 
compositions, 
documents 
and 
other 
items 
which 
contain, 
disclose 
 and/or 
embody 
any 
Confidential 
Information 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
all 
 copies, 
reproductions, 
summaries 
and 
notes 
of 
the 
contents 
thereof, 
expressly 
 including all electronically-stored 
data, wherever stored), 
regardless of the 
person 
 causing the same to be in such form, and Grantee will certify 
that the provisions of 
 this paragraph have been complied with.
 b)
 Notwithstanding 
the 
above 
or 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Exhibit 
A 
or 
any 
other 
 agreement executed by the Grantee to the 
contrary, 
there shall be no restriction on 
 the Grantee's 
ability 
to (i) 
report violations 
of 
any 
law or 
regulation, 
(ii) 
provide 
 truthful testimony or 
information pursuant 
to subpoena, 
court order, or 
similar legal 
 process, (iii) provide truthful information to government or regulatory agencies, or 
 (iv) 
otherwise 
engage 
in 
whistleblower 
activity 
protected 
by 
the 
Securities 
 Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934, 
the 
Dodd-Frank 
Wall 
Street 
Reform 
and 
Consumer 
 Protection 
Act, 
or 
any 
rules 
or 
regulations 
issued 
thereunder, 
including, 
without 
 limitation, Rule 21F-17. 
In addition, 18 U.S.C. 
 1833(b) provides, in part: 
 (1) An 
 individual shall 
not be 
held criminally 
or civilly 
liable under any 
Federal or 
State 
 trade secret 
law for the 
disclosure of a 
trade secret that 
(A) is 
made (i) 
in confidence 
 to a Federal, 
State, or local 
government official, 
either directly or 
indirectly, 
or to 
 an attorney; and (ii) solely for the 
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected 
 violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other 
document filed in a lawsuit 
 or other 
proceeding, if 
such filing 
is made 
under seal. 
 . (2) An 
individual who 
 files a lawsuit for retaliation 
by an employer for reporting a 
suspected violation of 
 law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade 
 secret information in the court 
proceeding, if the individual (A) files any 
document 
 containing the 
trade secret 
under seal; 
and (B) 
does not 
disclose the 
trade secret, 
 except pursuant 
to court 
order. 
Nothing in 
this Exhibit 
A, any 
other agreement 
 executed by the 
Grantee is 
intended to conflict 
with the 
statutory protection 
in 18 
 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 6.
 BREACH 
OF 
COVENANTS. 

 In 
the 
event 
of 
a 
breach 
of 
any 
of 
the 
covenants 
 contained in this Exhibit A: 
(a) any unvested portion of 
the Performance RSUs shall be 
 forfeited effective as of the date 
of such breach, unless sooner 
terminated by operation of 
 another term 
of condition 
of the 
Performance RSU 
Award 
Agreement or 
the Plan; 
and 

Exhibit 10.15 
 10 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 (b) the Grantee 
hereby consents and agrees 
that the Company or 
one of its Affiliates shall 
 be 
entitled 
to 
seek, 
in 
addition 
to 
other 
available 
remedies, 
a 
temporary 
or 
permanent 
 injunction 
or 
other 
equitable 
relief 
against 
such 
breach 
or 
threatened 
breach 
from 
any 
 court of competent jurisdiction, without 
the necessity of showing any 
actual damages or 
 that money damages would not 
afford an adequate remedy, 
and without the necessity of 
 posting any bond or security. The aforementioned equitable relief shall be in addition to, 
 not in lieu of, legal remedies, monetary damages or other available forms of relief. 
 7.
 SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions 
of this Exhibit A 
shall otherwise contravene 
 or be invalid 
under the 
laws of 
any state, 
country or 
other jurisdiction 
where this 
Exhibit 
A 
 is applicable 
but for 
such contravention 
or invalidity, such 
contravention 
or invalidity 
shall 
 not invalidate 
all of 
the provisions 
of this 
Exhibit A 
but rather 
it shall 
be construed, insofar 
 as the laws of that state or other jurisdiction are concerned, 
as not 
containing 
the provision 
 or provisions 
contravening 
or invalid 
under the 
laws of that 
state or jurisdiction, or a court 
 of 
competent 
jurisdiction 
may 
reform 
any 
such 
invalid 
provision, 
and 
the 
rights 
and 
 obligations created hereby shall be construed and enforced accordingly. 

 Restrictive Covenants for Grantee Employed in Oklahoma 
 1.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF EMPLOYEES. 
For a period of 
one year following 
 the date of 
 Grantee's termination as a Service 
Provider ("
 Termination 
Date 
"), 
Grantee will not 
 directly 
solicit, 
hire, 
recruit, 
attempt 
to 
hire 
or 
recruit, 
or 
induce 
the 
termination 
of 
 employment of any employee of the Company or one of 
its Affiliates during the two years 
 prior to the Termination Date. 
 2.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF COMPANY CUSTOMERS. 
For a 
period of 
one year 
following 
 the Termination Date, 
Grantee will 
not directly 
solicit, interfere 
with, or 
attempt to 
interfere 
 with any of the Company 
's or one of its 
Affiliates' established customer 
relationships that 
 existed 
at 
Grantee's 
Termination 
Date 
for 
purposes 
of 
offering 
or 
accepting 
goods 
or 
 services 
similar 
to 
or 
competitive 
with 
those 
offered 
by 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
 Affiliates. 

 3.
 NO DETRIMENTAL 
COMMUNICATIONS. 
Grantee agrees not 
to disclose or 
cause to 
 be 
disclosed 
at 
any 
time 
any 
untrue, 
negative, 
adverse 
or 
derogatory 
comments 
or 
 information about the 
Company or one of 
its Affiliates, any product or 
service provided by 
 the Company or one of its Affiliates, 
or prospects for the future of the Company or one of 
 its 
Affiliates. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
foregoing, 
this 
provision 
does 
not 
in 
any 
way 
limit, 
 restrict or 
impede Grantee s ability 
to provide 
truthful testimony 
or information 
in response 
 to a subpoena, court or arbitral order, or as otherwise required by law. 
 4.
 CONFIDENTIALITY. 
Grantee 
acknowledges 
that 
it 
is 
the 
policy 
of 
the 
Company 
to 
 maintain as confidential 
all information about 
the Company s 
and its Affiliates' 
business, 
 proprietary, 
and 
technical 
information 
that 
is 
not 
known 
to 
others, 
including 
without 
 limitation, 
customer 
lists, 
information 
relating 
to 
the 
Company's 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates' 
 customers, 
their 
businesses, 
operations, 
employees 
and 
customers, 
unique 
concepts, 
 lending practices, sales presentations, marketing 
programs, marketing strategies, business 
 practices, 
pricing 
information, 
employment 
handbooks, 
training 
materials/manuals, 
cost 

Exhibit 10.15 
 11 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 information, 
customer 
leads, 
documents 
identifying 
past, 
present 
and 
future 
customers, 
 hiring 
and 
training 
methods, 
investment 
policies, 
financial 
and 
other 
confidential, 
 proprietary and/or 
trade 
secret information 
concerning 
the Company s 
and 
its 
Affiliates' 
 operations 
and 
growth 
plans 
("Confidential 
Information"). 
Grantee 
recognizes 
that 
the 
 Confidential Information 
is the sole 
and exclusive 
property of the 
Company or 
one of 
its 
 Affiliates, 
and 
that 
disclosure 
of 
Confidential 
Information 
would 
cause 
damage 
to 
the 
 Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates. 
Grantee shall 
not at 
any time 
disclose or 
authorize the 
 disclosure of 
Confidential Information 
that (a) is 
disclosed to 
or known 
by Grantee 
as result 
 of as a consequence of or through the 
Grantee's performance of services for the Company 
 or one of its Affiliates, 
(b) is not publicly or generally known outside the Company or one 
 of 
its 
Affiliates 
and 
(c) 
relates 
in 
any 
manner 
to 
the 
Company's 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
 business. 
This 
Section 
4 
shall 
apply 
in 
addition 
to, 
and 
not 
in 
derogation 
of 
any 
other 
 confidentiality agreements 
that may 
exist, now 
or in 
the future, 
between Grantee 
and the 
 Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 a)
 On 
or 
before 
the 
Termination 
Date, 
Grantee 
shall 
return 
to 
the 
Company, 
all 
 records, 
lists, 
compositions, 
documents 
and 
other 
items 
which 
contain, 
disclose 
 and/or 
embody 
any 
Confidential 
Information 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
all 
 copies, 
reproductions, 
summaries 
and 
notes 
of 
the 
contents 
thereof, 
expressly 
 including all 
electronically-stored data, wherever 
stored), regardless of 
the person 
 causing the same to be in such form, and Grantee will certify 
that the provisions of 
 this paragraph have been complied with. 
 b)
 Notwithstanding 
the 
above 
or 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Exhibit 
A 
or 
any 
other 
 agreement executed by the Grantee to the 
contrary, 
there shall be no restriction on 
 the Grantee's 
ability 
to (i) 
report violations 
of 
any 
law or 
regulation, 
(ii) 
provide 
 truthful testimony or 
information pursuant 
to subpoena, 
court order, or 
similar legal 
 process, (iii) provide truthful information to government or regulatory agencies, or 
 (iv) 
otherwise 
engage 
in 
whistleblower 
activity 
protected 
by 
the 
Securities 
 Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934, 
the 
Dodd-Frank 
Wall 
Street 
Reform 
and 
Consumer 
 Protection 
Act, 
or 
any 
rules 
or 
regulations 
issued 
thereunder, 
including, 
without 
 limitation, Rule 21F-17. 
In addition, 18 U.S.C. 
 1833(b) provides, in part: 
 (1) An 
 individual shall 
not be 
held criminally 
or civilly 
liable under 
any Federal 
or State 
 trade secret 
law for the 
disclosure of a 
trade secret that 
(A) is 
made (i) 
in confidence 
 to a Federal, 
State, or local 
government official, 
either directly or 
indirectly, 
or to 
 an attorney; and (ii) solely for the 
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected 
 violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other 
document filed in a lawsuit 
 or other 
proceeding, if 
such filing 
is made 
under seal. 
 . (2) An 
individual who 
 files a lawsuit for retaliation 
by an employer for reporting a 
suspected violation of 
 law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade 
 secret information in the court 
proceeding, if the individual (A) files any 
document 
 containing the 
trade secret 
under seal; 
and (B) 
does not 
disclose the 
trade secret, 
 except pursuant 
to court 
order. 
Nothing in 
this Exhibit 
A, any 
other agreement 
 executed by the 
Grantee is 
intended to conflict 
with the 
statutory protection 
in 18 
 U.S.C. 1833(b). 

Exhibit 10.15 
 12 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 5.
 BREACH OF COVENANTS. 
In the event of a breach of 
any of the covenants contained 
 in 
this 
Exhibit 
A: 
(a) any 
unvested 
portion 
of 
the 
Performance RSUs 
shall 
be 
forfeited 
 effective as 
of the 
date of 
such breach, 
unless sooner 
terminated by 
operation of 
another 
 term 
of 
condition 
of 
the 
Performance 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement 
or 
the 
Plan; 
and 
(b) 
the 
 Grantee 
hereby 
consents 
and 
agrees 
that 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
shall 
be 
 entitled 
to 
seek, 
in 
addition 
to 
other 
available 
remedies, 
a 
temporary 
or 
permanent 
 injunction or other 
equitable relief against 
such breach or 
threatened breach from any 
court 
 of 
competent 
jurisdiction, 
without 
the 
necessity 
of 
showing 
any 
actual 
damages 
or 
that 
 money damages 
would not 
afford an adequate 
remedy, and without the 
necessity of 
posting 
 any bond or 
security. The aforementioned equitable relief 
shall be in 
addition to, not 
in lieu 
 of, legal remedies, monetary damages or other available forms of relief. 
 6.
 SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions of this Exhibit A shall otherwise contravene or 
 be invalid under the laws of any state, country 
or other jurisdiction where this Exhibit A is 
 applicable but 
for such 
contravention or 
invalidity, 
such contravention 
or invalidity 
shall 
 not invalidate all of the 
provisions of this Exhibit A but 
rather it shall be construed, 
insofar 
 as the laws of that state or other 
jurisdiction are concerned, as not containing the provision 
 or provisions 
contravening or 
invalid under 
the laws 
of that 
state or 
jurisdiction, and 
the 
 rights and obligations created hereby shall be construed and enforced accordingly. 
 Restrictive Covenants for Grantee Employed in Colorado 
 1.
 The provisions in paragraphs 2 and 4 are 
for the protection of the Company's or one 
of its 
 Affiliates' 
trade secrets. 
The 
provisions 
in 
paragraphs 2 
apply 
only 
to 
a 
Grantee 
whose 
 annualized 
cash 
compensation 
is 
equivalent 
to 
or 
greater 
than 
the 
threshold 
amount 
for 
 highly compensated workers established by the Division of Labor Standards and Statistics 
 in the 
Colorado Department 
of Labor 
and Employment. 
The provisions 
in paragraphs 
2 
 and 
4 
apply 
only 
to 
a 
Grantee 
whose 
annualized 
cash 
compensation 
is 
equivalent 
to 
or 
 greater than 60 of 
the threshold amount for 
highly compensated workers established 
by 
 the Division 
of Labor 
Standards and 
Statistics in 
the Colorado 
Department of 
Labor and 
 Employment. 
 2.
 NONCOMPETITION. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
one year 
following 
the 
date 
of 
Grantee's 
 termination as a Service Provider 
("
 Termination 
Date")
 , Grantee 
 will not 
contribute 
 his or 
her knowledge, 
directly or 
indirectly, 
in whole 
or in 
part, as 
an employee, 
officer, 
 owner, manager, advisor, consultant, agent, 
partner, director, shareholder, volunteer, intern 
 or in any other similar capacity to an entity engaged in the same or 
similar business as the 
 Company or one of its Affiliates within the state, 
region or metropolitan statistical area (as 
 appropriate) for which Grantee had responsibility for, 
or conducted business on behalf of, 
 the Company or one of its Affiliates during the two years prior to the Termination 
Date. 
 3.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF 
EMPLOYEES. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
one 
year 
following 
the 
 Termination 
Date, Grantee will not directly 
solicit, hire, recruit, attempt to 
hire or recruit, 
 or induce 
the termination 
of employment 
of any 
employee of 
the Company 
or one 
of its 
 Affiliates. 

Exhibit 10.15 
 13 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 4.
 NONSOLICITATIO 
N 
OF 
COMPANY 
CUSTOMERS. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
 one 
year 
 following 
 the Termination 
Date 
, 
Grantee will not directly or 
indirectly, solicit, 
contact 
 (including, but not 
limited to, e-mail, 
regular mail, express 
mail, telephone, fax, 
and instant 
 message), attempt to contact or meet 
with the current, former or prospective 
customers of 
 the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
with 
whom 
Grantee 
had 
material 
contact 
during 
 Grantee's employment, 
for purposes 
of offering 
or accepting 
goods or 
services similar 
to 
 or competitive with those offered by the Company or one of its Affiliates. 

 5.
 NO DETRIMENTAL 
COMMUNICATIONS. 
Grantee agrees not 
to disclose or 
cause to 
 be 
disclosed 
at 
any 
time 
any 
untrue, 
negative, 
adverse 
or 
derogatory 
comments 
or 
 information about the 
Company or one of 
its Affiliates, any product or 
service provided by 
 the Company or one of its Affiliates, 
or prospects for the future of the Company or one of 
 its 
Affiliates. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
foregoing, 
this 
provision 
does 
not 
in 
any 
way 
limit, 
 restrict or 
impede Grantee's ability 
to provide truthful 
testimony or information 
in response 
 to a subpoena, court or arbitral order, or as otherwise required by law. 
 6.
 CONFIDENTIALITY. 
Grantee 
acknowledges 
that 
it 
is 
the 
policy 
of 
the 
Company 
to 
 maintain 
as 
confidential 
all 
information 
about 
the 
Company s 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates' 
 business, 
proprietary, 
and 
technical 
information 
that 
is 
not 
known 
to 
others, 
including 
 without limitation, 
customer lists and 
information relating 
to the Company's 
or one of 
its 
 Affiliates' 
customers, 
their 
businesses, 
operations, 
employees 
and 
customers, 
unique 
 concepts, lending practices, sales 
presentations, marketing programs, marketing 
strategies, 
 business 
practices, 
pricing 
information, 
employment 
handbooks, 
training 
 materials/manuals, cost 
information, customer 
leads, documents 
identifying past, 
present 
 and future customers, hiring and 
training methods, investment policies, financial 
and other 
 confidential, proprietary and/or trade secret information concerning 
the Company s or one 
 of 
its 
Affiliates' 
operations 
and 
growth 
plans 
("Confidential 
Information"). 
Grantee 
 recognizes 
that 
the 
Confidential 
Information 
is 
the 
sole 
and 
exclusive 
property 
of 
the 
 Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates, 
and that 
disclosure of 
Confidential Information 
would 
 cause damage 
to the 
Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates. 
Grantee shall 
not at 
any time 
disclose 
 or authorize the disclosure 
of Confidential Information that (a) is 
disclosed to or known by 
 Grantee as result of as 
a consequence of or through the 
Grantee's performance of services 
 for the Company or one of its Affiliates, (b) is not publicly 
or generally known outside the 
 Company or one of its Affiliates and (c) relates in any manner to the Company's 
or one of 
 its Affiliates' business. 
This Section 6 shall 
apply in addition to, 
and not in derogation 
of 
 any other confidentiality agreements that may exist, 
now or in the future, between 
Grantee 
 and the Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 a)
 On 
or 
before 
the 
Termination 
Date, 
Grantee 
shall 
return 
to 
the 
Company, 
all 
 records, 
lists, 
compositions, 
documents 
and 
other 
items 
which 
contain, 
disclose 
 and/or 
embody 
any 
Confidential 
Information 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
all 
 copies, 
reproductions, 
summaries 
and 
notes 
of 
the 
contents 
thereof, 
expressly 
 including all 
electronically-stored data, wherever 
stored), regardless of 
the person 
 causing the same to be in such form, and Grantee will certify 
that the provisions of 
 this paragraph have been complied with. 

Exhibit 10.15 
 14 
 Performance RSU Award (3-Year LTI 
Awards) 
 v. 2023.02.17 
 b)
 Notwithstanding 
the 
above 
or 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Exhibit 
A 
or 
any 
other 
 agreement executed by Grantee to the contrary, 
there shall be no restriction on 
the 
 Grantee s 
ability 
to 
(i) 
report 
violations 
of 
any 
law 
or 
regulation, 
(ii) 
provide 
 truthful testimony or 
information pursuant 
to subpoena, 
court order, or 
similar legal 
 process, (iii) provide truthful information to government or regulatory agencies, or 
 (iv) 
otherwise 
engage 
in 
whistleblower 
activity 
protected 
by 
the 
Securities 
 Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934, 
the 
Dodd-Frank 
Wall 
Street 
Reform 
and 
Consumer 
 Protection 
Act, 
or 
any 
rules 
or 
regulations 
issued 
thereunder, 
including, 
without 
 limitation, Rule 21F-17. 
In addition, 18 U.S.C. 
 1833(b) provides, in part: 
 (1) An 
 individual shall 
not be 
held criminally 
or civilly 
liable under any 
Federal or 
State 
 trade secret 
law for the 
disclosure of a 
trade secret that 
(A) is 
made (i) 
in confidence 
 to a Federal, 
State, or local 
government official, 
either directly or 
indirectly, 
or to 
 an attorney; and (ii) solely for the 
purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected 
 violation of law; or (B) is made in a complaint or other 
document filed in a lawsuit 
 or other 
proceeding, if 
such filing 
is made 
under seal. 
 . (2) An 
individual who 
 files a lawsuit for retaliation 
by an employer for reporting a 
suspected violation of 
 law may disclose the trade secret to the attorney of the individual and use the trade 
 secret information in the court 
proceeding, if the individual (A) files any 
document 
 containing the 
trade secret 
under seal; 
and (B) 
does not 
disclose the 
trade secret, 
 except pursuant 
to court 
order. 
Nothing in 
this Exhibit 
A, any 
other agreement 
 executed by the 
Grantee is 
intended to conflict 
with the 
statutory protection 
in 18 
 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 7.
 BREACH OF COVENANTS. 
In the event of a breach of 
any of the covenants contained 
 in 
this 
Exhibit 
A: 
(a) any 
unvested 
portion 
of 
the 
Performance RSUs 
shall 
be 
forfeited 
 effective as 
of the 
date of 
such breach, 
unless sooner 
terminated by 
operation of 
another 
 term 
of 
condition 
of 
the 
Performance 
RSU 
Award 
Agreement 
or 
the 
Plan; 
and 
(b) 
the 
 Grantee 
hereby 
consents 
and 
agrees 
that 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
shall 
be 
 entitled 
to 
seek, 
in 
addition 
to 
other 
available 
remedies, 
a 
temporary 
or 
permanent 
 injunction or other 
equitable relief against 
such breach or 
threatened breach from any 
court 
 of 
competent 
jurisdiction, 
without 
the 
necessity 
of 
showing 
any 
actual 
damages 
or 
that 
 money damages 
would not 
afford an adequate 
remedy, and without the 
necessity of 
posting 
 any bond or 
security. The aforementioned equitable relief 
shall be in 
addition to, not 
in lieu 
 of, legal remedies, monetary damages or other available forms of relief. 
 8.
 SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions of this Exhibit A shall otherwise contravene or 
 be invalid under 
the laws of 
any state, 
country or 
other jurisdiction 
where this Exhibit 
A is 
 applicable 
but for such contravention 
or invalidity, such contravention or 
invalidity shall 
 not invalidate all of the 
provisions of this Exhibit A but rather it shall be construed, 
 insofar as the laws of that state or other jurisdiction are concerned, 
as not 
containing 
the 
 provision 
or provisions 
contravening 
or invalid 
under 
the laws 
of that 
state 
or jurisdiction, or 
 a court of competent jurisdiction may reform any such invalid provision, and the rights 
 and obligations created hereby shall be construed and enforced accordingly. 

</EX-10.15>

<EX-10.17>
 9
 q42022ex1017.htm
 EX-10.17

q42022ex1017 

Exhibit 10.17 

CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES, INC. 
 2018 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 DIRECTOR RESTRICTED STOCK 
AWARD 
AGREEMENT 
 Date of Grant: 
[[GRANTDATE]] 
 Number of Restricted Shares Granted: 
[[SHARESGRANTED]] 
 This Restricted Stock Award Agreement (this "Award 
Agreement"), is entered into on 
 [[GRANTDATE]], 
by and between CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc., a Kansas Corporation (the 
 "Company") and [[FIRSTNAME]] [[LASTNAME]] (the "Grantee"). 
 RECITALS: 
 A. 
Effective October 25, 2018, the Company adopted the CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive Plan (the "Plan") pursuant to which the Company may, from 
 time to time, grant Restricted Stock to eligible Service Providers of the Company and its 
 Affiliates. 
 B. 
The Grantee is a Service Provider of the Company or one of its Affiliates, 
and the 
 Company desires to grant to the Grantee shares of Restricted Stock of the Company on the terms 
 and conditions reflected in this Award 
Agreement, the Plan and as otherwise established by the 
 Committee.
 AGREEMENT: 
 In consideration of the mutual covenants contained herein and other good and valuable 
 consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
 Section 1. 
Incorporation of the Plan.
 
All provisions of this Award Agreement 
and 
 the rights of the Grantee hereunder are subject in all respects to the provisions of the Plan, the 
 terms of which are incorporated herein by reference, and the powers of the Committee therein 
 provided. 
Capitalized terms used in this Award 
Agreement but not defined herein have the 
 meanings set forth in Plan. 
 Section 2. 
Grant of Restricted 
Stock.
 
As of the 
Date of Grant 
identified above, the 
 Company grants to 
the Grantee, subject 
to the conditions 
and restrictions set 
forth in this 
Award 
 Agreement and 
in the 
Plan, that 
number of 
shares of 
Restricted Stock 
identified above 
opposite 
 the heading "Number of Restricted Shares Granted" (the "Restricted Shares"). 
 Section 3. 
Restrictions 
on 
Transfer; 
Vesting 
Date
 . 
Subject 
to 
any 
exceptions 
set 
 forth in this 
Award 
Agreement or in 
the Plan, the 
Restricted Shares or 
the rights 
relating thereto 
 may 
not 
be 
sold, 
transferred, 
gifted, 
bequeathed, 
pledged, 
assigned, 
or 
otherwise 
alienated 
or 
 hypothecated, 
voluntarily 
or 
involuntarily, 
prior 
to 
the 
vesting 
date 
for 
such 
Restricted 
Shares 
 identified below (the 
"Vesting Date"). 
On the Vesting Date, such restriction 
on transfer 
shall lapse 

Exhibit 10.17 
 2
 and 
the 
Restricted 
Shares, 
if 
not 
previously 
forfeited 
pursuant 
to 
Section 
4 
below, 
will 
become 
 freely 
transferable 
under 
this 
Award 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Plan, 
subject 
only 
to 
such 
further 
 limitations on transfer, 
if any, 
as may exist 
under applicable law 
or any other 
agreement binding 
 upon 
Grantee. 
Subject 
to 
any 
exceptions 
listed 
in 
this 
Award 
Agreement 
or 
in 
the 
Plan, 
the 
 Restricted Shares shall become vested in accordance with the schedule set forth below: 

[[ALLVESTSEGS]] 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
(a) if Grantee's 
position as a 
Service Provider with 
the Company 
 or any of its Affiliates 
is terminated by reason of 
the Grantee's death or 
Disability (and assuming 
 Participant 
continuously 
served 
as 
a 
Director 
on 
the 
Board 
through 
the 
date 
of 
such 
death 
or 
 Disability), the Vesting 
Date for all 
of the 
Restricted Shares 
automatically will 
be accelerated 
to 
 the date 
of Grantee's 
termination as 
a Service 
Provider; 
or (b) 
if Grantee s 
position as 
a Service 
 Provider with the Company or any of its 
Affiliates is terminated prior to vesting due to the natural 
 termination of the Grantee s 
current Board service period prior to vesting 
in accordance with this 
 Award 
Agreement, 
the 
unvested 
Restricted 
Shares 
shall 
instead 
continue 
to 
vest 
in 
accordance 
 with the vesting schedule shown above. 
 Section 4. 
Forfeiture 
Prior 
to 
Vesting
 . 
Unless 
otherwise 
provided 
in 
this 
Award 
 Agreement or the Plan, if Grantee's position as a Service Provider with the Company or any of its 
 Affiliates 
is 
terminated 
by 
the 
Company 
or 
any 
such 
Affiliate 
for 
any 
reason 
(other 
than 
the 
 Grantee s 
death, Disability 
or natural 
termination of 
Board service 
period), 
prior to 
the Vesting 
 Date for 
the Restricted 
Shares, Grantee 
will thereupon 
immediately forfeit 
any and 
all unvested 
 Restricted Shares, 
and the 
full ownership 
of such 
Restricted Shares 
and rights 
will revert 
to the 
 Company. 
Upon such 
forfeiture, Grantee 
shall have 
no further 
rights under 
this Award Agreement. 

 For purposes 
of this Award Agreement, the 
transfer of employment 
between the Company 
and any 
 of its Affiliates (or 
between Affiliates) shall not constitute 
a termination of the Grantee's position 
 as a Service Provider. 

 Section 5. 
Dividends 
and 
Voting.
 
Grantee 
is 
entitled 
to 
(i) 
receive 
all 
dividends, 
 payable 
in 
stock, 
in 
cash 
or 
in 
kind, 
or 
other 
distributions, 
declared 
on 
or 
with 
respect 
to 
any 
 Restricted Shares as 
of a record 
date that occurs 
on or after 
the Date of 
Grant hereunder and before 
 any transfer 
or forfeiture 
of the 
Restricted Shares 
by Grantee, 
provided that 
any such 
dividends 
 paid in cash are 
to be held 
in escrow by the 
Company and, such cash 
dividends and distributions 
 are to be 
subject to the 
same rights, 
restrictions on 
transfer and conditions 
regarding vesting 
and 
 forfeiture as the 
Restricted Shares 
with respect 
to which 
such dividends 
or distributions 
are paid 
 at the time 
of payment, and 
(ii) exercise all 
voting rights with 
respect to the 
Restricted Shares, if 
 the record date 
for the exercise 
of such voting 
rights occurs on 
or after the 
Date of Grant 
hereunder 
 and 
prior 
to 
any 
transfer 
or 
forfeiture 
of 
such 
Restricted 
Shares. 
In 
the 
event 
of 
forfeiture 
by 
 Grantee of any or all of the Restricted Shares or any 
of the equity securities distributed to Grantee 
 with 
respect 
thereto, 
Grantee 
shall 
forfeit 
all 
cash 
dividends 
held 
in 
escrow 
and 
relating 
to 
the 
 underlying 
forfeited 
Restricted 
Shares 
and 
must 
return 
to 
the 
Company 
any 
distributions 
 previously paid to Grantee with respect to such Restricted Shares. 

 S
 ection 
6. 
No Right 
to Continue 
as 
a Service 
Provider. 

 Neither the 
Plan nor 
this 
 Award 
Agreement 
confers 
upon 
the 
Grantee 
any 
right 
to 
be 
retained 
in 
any 
position 
as 
an 
 Employee, Consultant, 
or Director 
of the 
Company. 
Further, 
nothing in 
the Plan 
or this 
Award 

Exhibit 10.17 
 3
 Agreement shall be construed to limit the discretion of 
the Company to terminate the Grantee as a 
 Service Provider at any time, with or without Cause. 

 Section 7.
 Compliance with 
Law.
 
The issuance 
and transfer 
of Shares 
shall be 
subject 
 to compliance 
by the 
Company 
and the 
Grantee with 
all applicable 
requirements of 
federal and 
 state 
securities 
laws 
and 
with 
all 
applicable 
requirements 
of 
any 
stock 
exchange 
on 
which 
the 
 Company's Shares 
may be 
listed. The 
Grantee understands 
that the 
Company is 
under no 
obligation 
 to 
register 
the 
Shares 
with 
the 
Securities 
and 
Exchange 
Commission, 
any 
state 
securities 
 commission, or any stock exchange to effect such compliance. 
 S
 ection 9. 
Notices.
 
Any 
notice 
required 
to 
be 
delivered 
to 
the 
Company 
under this 
 Award 
Agreement 
shall 
be 
in 
writing 
and 
addressed 
to 
the 
General 
Counsel 
and 
Corporate 
 Secretary of the Company at the Company's principal corporate office. 
Any notice required to be 
 delivered 
to 
the 
Grantee 
under 
this 
Award 
Agreement 
shall 
be 
in 
writing 
and 
addressed 
to 
the 
 Grantee 
at 
the 
Grantee's 
address 
as 
shown 
in 
the 
records 
of 
the 
Company. 
Either 
party 
may 
 designate another address in writing (or such other method approved by 
the Company) from time 
 to time. 
 S
 ection 10. 
Governing Law. 

 This Award Agreement will be construed 
and interpreted 
 in accordance with the laws of the State of Kansas without regard to conflict of law principles. 
 S
 ection 11. 
Adjustments. 

 If 
any 
change 
is 
made 
to 
the 
outstanding 
Stock 
or 
capital 
 structure of the Company, if required, the Restricted Shares shall be adjusted or terminated in any 
 manner as contemplated by the Plan. 
 Section 12. 
Amendment.
 
This Award Agreement may be amended in a manner that is 
 materially 
adverse 
to 
the 
Grantee 
only 
by 
a 
writing 
executed 
by 
the 
parties 
hereto 
which 
 specifically states that it is amending this Award Agreement. 
 S
 ection 13. 
Interpretation. 

 Any 
dispute 
regarding 
the 
interpretation 
of 
this 
Award 
 Agreement shall be submitted by 
the Grantee or the Company 
to the Committee for review. 
The 
 resolution 
of 
such 
dispute 
by 
the 
Committee 
shall 
be 
final 
and 
binding 
on 
the 
Grantee 
and 
the 
 Company. 
 S
 ection 14. 
Titles. 

 Titles are provided herein for convenience only and 
are not to serve 
 as a basis for interpretation or construction of this Award Agreement.
 S
 ection 15.Successors and Assigns. 

 The Company may 
assign any of 
its rights under this 
 Award 
Agreement. This 
Award 
Agreement will 
be binding 
upon and 
inure to 
the benefit 
of the 
 successors and assigns of the 
Company. Subject to the restrictions on transfer set forth 
herein, this 
 Award 
Agreement 
will 
be 
binding 
upon 
the 
Grantee and 
the 
Grantee's 
beneficiaries, 
executors, 
 administrators and the person(s) to 
whom the Restricted Shares may 
be transferred by will 
or the 
 laws of descent or distribution. 
 S
 ection 16.Severability. 

 The invalidity 
or unenforceability 
of any 
provision of 
the Plan 
 or this 
Award 
Agreement shall 
not affect 
the validity 
or enforceability 
of any 
other provision 
of 
 the Plan or 
this Award Agreement, and each provision 
of the Plan 
and this Award Agreement shall 
 be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 

Exhibit 10.17 
 4
 Section 17.
 Counterparts.
 
This 
Award 
Agreement 
may 
be 
executed 
in 
counterparts, 
 each of 
which shall 
be deemed 
an original 
but all 
of which 
together will 
constitute one 
and the 
 same instrument. Counterpart 
signature pages to 
this Award 
Agreement transmitted by 
facsimile 
 transmission, 
by 
electronic 
mail 
in 
portable 
document 
format 
(.pdf), 
or 
by 
any 
other 
electronic 
 means intended to preserve the original graphic 
and pictorial appearance of a document, will have 
 the same effect as physical delivery of the paper document bearing an original signature. 
 Section 18. 
Acceptance.
 
The 
Grantee 
hereby 
acknowledges 
receipt 
of 
a 
copy 
of 
the 
 Plan and this Agreement. The Grantee has read and understands the terms and provisions thereof, 
 and accepts the subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan and this Award Agreement. 

 Section 19. 
Entire Agreement 
and Binding 
Effect. 

 This Award 
Agreement and 
the 
 Plan 
constitute 
the 
entire 
contract 
between 
the 
parties 
hereto 
with 
regard 
to 
the 
subject 
matter 
 hereof. 
They supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or 
 written 
and 
whether 
express 
or 
implied) 
that 
relate 
to 
the 
subject 
matter 
hereof. 
Except 
as 
 expressly stated herein 
to the 
contrary, 
this Award 
Agreement will be 
binding upon 
and inure to 
 the 
benefit 
of 
the 
respective 
heirs, 
legal 
representatives, 
successors 
and 
assigns 
of 
the 
parties 
 hereto. 
 Section 20. 
409A 
Compliance
 . 
Notwithstanding 
any 
provision 
of 
the 
Plan 
or 
this 
 Award Agreement 
to the contrary, (i) this Award 
Agreement shall not be amended in any manner 
 that 
would 
cause 
any 
amounts 
payable 
hereunder 
that 
are 
not 
subject 
to 
Code 
Section 
409A 
 ("Section 409A") 
to become subject 
thereto (unless they 
also are in 
compliance therewith), and 
the 
 provisions of 
any purported 
amendment that 
may 
reasonably be 
expected to 
result in 
such non-
 compliance 
shall 
be 
of 
no 
force 
or 
effect 
with 
respect 
to 
this 
Award 
Agreement 
and 
(ii) 
the 
 Company, 
to the 
extent it 
deems necessary 
or advisable 
in its 
sole discretion, 
reserves the 
right, 
 but 
shall 
not 
be 
required, 
to 
unilaterally 
amend 
or 
modify 
this 
Award 
Agreement 
to 
reflect 
the 
 intention that 
the Plan 
qualifies for 
exemption from 
or complies 
with Section 
409A in 
a manner 
 that as 
closely as 
practicable achieves 
the original 
intent of 
this Award 
Agreement and 
with the 
 least reduction, if any, 
in overall benefit to 
the Grantee to comply with 
Section 409A on a timely 
 basis, which 
may be 
made on 
a retroactive 
basis, in 
accordance with 
regulations and 
other guidance 
 issued under 
Section 409A. 
Neither the 
Company nor 
the Committee 
makes any 
representation 
 that 
this 
Award 
Agreement 
shall 
be 
exempt 
from 
or 
comply 
with 
Section 
409A 
and 
makes 
no 
 undertaking to preclude Section 409A from applying to this Award 
Agreement. 
 [Signature Page Follows] 

Exhibit 10.17 
 5
 The parties to this Award 
Agreement have executed this 
Award 
Agreement as of the 
date 
 provided in the preamble to this agreement. 
 CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES, INC. 
 By: 

 Name: 

 Title: 

 GRANTEE 
 [[FIRSTNAME]] [[LASTNAME]] 

</EX-10.17>

<EX-10.20>
 10
 q42022ex1020.htm
 EX-10.20

q42022ex1020 

Exhibit 10.20 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES, INC. 
 2018 OMNIBUS EQUITY INCENTIVE PLAN 
 STOCK APPRECIATION 
RIGHT AWARD 
AGREEMENT 
 Date of Grant: 
______________________________________ 
 Number of SARs: 
______________________________________ 
 Exercise Price per SAR: 
 _____________________________________ 
 Expiration Date: 
_______________________________________ 
 This 
Stock 
Appreciation 
Right 
Award 
Agreement 
(the 
"SAR 
Award 
Agreement") 
is 
 entered 
into 
on 
_______________________, 
by 
and 
between 
CrossFirst 
Bankshares, 
Inc., 
a 
 Kansas corporation (the "Company"), and ________________________ (the "SAR Holder"). 
 RECITALS: 
 A. 
Effective October 25, 2018, the Company 
adopted the CrossFirst Bankshares, Inc. 
 2018 Omnibus Equity Incentive 
Plan (the "Plan") pursuant to 
which the Company may, from time 
 to 
time, 
grant 
Stock 
Appreciation 
Rights 
to 
eligible 
Service 
Providers 
of 
the 
Company 
and 
its 
 Affiliates. 
 B. 
The SAR Holder is a Service Provider 
of the Company or one of its 
Affiliates and 
 the 
Company 
desires 
to 
grant 
to 
the 
SAR 
Holder 
a 
SAR 
subject 
to 
the 
terms 
and 
conditions 
 reflected in this SAR Award Agreement, the Plan and as otherwise established by the Committee.
 AGREEMENT: 
 In 
consideration 
of 
the 
mutual 
covenants 
contained 
herein 
and 
other 
good 
and 
valuable 
 consideration, the receipt of which is hereby acknowledged, the parties agree as follows: 
 Section 1. 
Incorporation of the Plan.
 
All provisions of this SAR Award 
Agreement 
 and the rights 
of the SAR Holder 
hereunder are subject in 
all respects to 
the provisions of the 
Plan, 
 the terms of which are incorporated 
herein by reference, and the powers of the Committee therein 
 provided. 
Capitalized terms used in 
this SAR Award 
Agreement but not defined 
herein have the 
 meanings set forth in the Plan. 
 Section 2. 
Grant of Stock Appreciation 
Rights. 
 
The Company hereby grants to the 
 SAR 
Holder, 
subject 
to 
the 
terms 
of 
this 
SAR 
Award 
Agreement 
and 
the 
Plan, 
the 
aggregate 
 number of 
the Stock 
Appreciation Rights 
identified above 
opposite the 
heading "Number 
of SARs" 
 (the "SARs"). 
Each SAR entitles 
the SAR Holder 
to receive, upon 
exercise, an amount 
equal to 
 the excess 
of (a) 
the Fair 
Market Value 
of a 
Share on 
the date 
of exercise, 
over (b) 
the Exercise 
 Price per SAR identified above (the "Appreciation Value"). 

Exhibit 10.20 
 2 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 Section 3. 
Exercisability 
and 
Vesting 
of 
SARs. 

 The 
SARs 
will 
vest 
and 
become 
 exercisable as follows: 
 [Insert Time Vesting 
Schedule or Performance Vesting 
Terms and Conditions] 
 3.1 
Forfeiture of SARs. 
 Except 
as 
otherwise 
provided 
in 
this 
SAR 
Award 
 Agreement, any 
unvested SARs 
will not 
be exercisable 
on or 
after the 
date on 
which the 
 SAR 
Holder 
ceases 
to 
be 
a 
Service 
Provider 
to 
the 
Company 
or 
an 
Affiliate. 

 Notwithstanding the foregoing, (a) 
the Committee may, it its sole discretion, 
accelerate the 
 vesting for any portion 
of or all 
the SARs, if 
in its judgment 
the performance of the 
SAR 
 Holder has 
warranted such 
an acceleration 
and/or such 
acceleration is 
in the 
best interest 
 of 
the 
Company, 
and 
(b) 
if 
the 
SAR 
Holder's 
position 
as 
a 
Service 
Provider 
with 
the 
 Company 
or 
any 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
is 
terminated 
by 
reason 
of 
the 
SAR 
Holder's 
death 
or 
 Disability, the vesting date of the SARs will 
be accelerated to the 
date of the SAR Holder's 
 termination as a Service Provider. 
 3.2 
Expiration of SARs.
 
The SARs 
will expire 
and no 
longer be 
exercisable 
 at 5:00 p.m. central time on the Expiration Date identified 
above, or earlier as provided in 
 this SAR Award Agreement or the Plan. 
In no event may 
the Expiration Date be 
later than 
 the tenth anniversary of the SARs' 
Date of Grant. 
If the Expiration Date is not 
a business 
 day, then the SARs will expire at 
5:00 p.m. central time on 
the first business day 
following 
 the 
Expiration 
Date. 
If 
the 
SARs, 
or 
any 
portion 
thereof, 
are 
not 
exercised 
before 
the 
 Expiration Date (or an earlier time upon which the SARs terminate in 
accordance with the 
 terms of 
the Plan 
or this 
SAR Award 
Agreement), the 
SARs, or 
any unexercised 
portion 
 thereof, shall be deemed to have been forfeited and to have no further force or effect. 
 Section 4.
 Method 
of 
Exercise. 

 Provided 
that 
the 
SARs 
have 
not 
expired, 
been 
 terminated, or cancelled in accordance with the terms of 
the Plan or this SAR Award 
Agreement, 
 the portion of the SARs 
which is otherwise exercisable 
pursuant to Section 3 
of this SAR Award 
 Agreement may be exercised, 
in whole or in part 
and from time to 
time, by delivery 
to the General 
 Counsel and 
Corporate Secretary 
of the 
Company, 
or the 
designee of 
such officers, 
a written 
or 
 electronic notice specifying the number 
of SARs being exercised. 
Such notice must be in 
a form 
 satisfactory to the 
Company and must 
set forth the 
number of SARs 
being exercised. 
If a person 
 other than the 
SAR Holder is 
exercising the SARs, 
the notice must 
be accompanied by 
satisfactory 
 evidence of such person's right to exercise the SARs. During 
the life of the SAR Holder, 
only the 
 SAR 
Holder 
may 
exercise 
the 
SARs; 
however, 
after the 
SAR 
Holder's 
death 
or 
incapacity, 
the 
 SAR 
Holder's 
executor, 
administrator, 
Beneficiary, 
heir, 
or 
legatee, 
as 
the 
case 
may 
be, 
may 
 exercise the SARs. 

 S
 ection 5. 
Withholding. 

 Before the payment 
of the Appreciation 
Value in connection 
 with 
the 
exercise 
of 
the 
SARs, 
the 
SAR 
Holder 
must 
make 
arrangements 
satisfactory 
to 
the 
 Company to pay or provide for any 
applicable federal, state, and local withholding obligations 
of 
 the Company. 
The SAR Holder agrees 
to make appropriate 
arrangements with the 
Company for 
 the 
satisfaction 
of 
any 
such 
withholding 
requirements. 
Unless 
specifically 
denied 
by 
the 
 Committee, 
the 
SAR 
Holder may 
elect to 
satisfy 
any 
such 
withholding 
obligations 
by 
one 
or 
a 
 combination of the following methods: 

Exhibit 10.20 
 3 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 (a) 
payment of an amount in cash equal to the amount to be withheld; 
 (b) 
payment 
by 
tendering 
previously 
acquired 
Shares 
(either 
actually 
or 
by 
 attestation) valued 
at each 
Share's then 
Fair Market 
Value 
and equal 
to the 
amount to 
be 
 withheld; 

 (c) 
requesting that the Company withhold from the Appreciation Value 
Shares 
 issuable to the 
SAR Holder having 
a Fair Market 
Value equal to the amount to 
be withheld, 
 if the Appreciation Value 
is to be paid in Shares; or 
 (c) 
withholding 
from 
any 
other 
compensation 
otherwise 
due 
to 
the 
SAR 
 Holder. 
 To 
the 
extent 
the 
Committee 
permits 
withholding 
through 
the 
payment 
of 
previously 
acquired 
 Shares pursuant 
to Section 
5(b), any 
such withholding 
shall be 
in accordance 
with any 
rules 
or 
 established procedures 
for election 
by Participants, 
including any 
rules or 
restrictions relating 
to 
 the 
period 
of 
time 
any 
previously 
acquired 
Shares 
have 
been 
held 
or 
owned, 
including 
any 
 elections, the irrevocability 
of any election, 
or any special 
rules relating to 
a SAR Holder 
who is 
 an officer of the Company within the meaning of Section 16 of the 1934 Act. 
 S
 ection 6. 
Form of Payment.
 
Upon the exercise of 
all or a 
portion of the 
SARs, the 
 SAR 
Holder 
will 
be 
entitled 
to, 
in 
the 
Committee's 
sole 
discretion, 
a 
cash 
payment 
or 
a 
whole 
 number 
of 
Shares 
of 
equivalent 
value, 
or 
a 
combination 
of 
cash 
and 
Shares, 
equal 
to 
the 
 Appreciation Value 
of the SARs 
being exercised, 
less any amounts 
withheld pursuant to 
Section 
 5 of this SAR Award 
Agreement. 
 Section 7.Section 409A; No Deferral of Compensation.
 
This SAR Award Agreement is 
 not intended to provide for 
the deferral compensation within 
the meaning of Section 409A 
of the 
 Internal Revenue 
Code (the 
"Code"). 
The Company 
reserves the 
right to 
unilaterally amend 
or 
 modify the Plan or this SAR Award Agreement, to the extent the Company considers it necessary 
 or advisable, in 
its sole discretion, 
to comply with, 
or to ensure 
that the SARs 
granted hereunder 
 are not subject to, Section 409A of the Code. 
 S
 ection 8. 
Effect 
of 
Separation 
from 
Service.
 
If 
the 
SAR 
Holder 
ceases 
to 
be 
a 
 Service Provider of 
the Company or 
an Affiliate for any 
reason other than 
the SAR Holder's 
death, 
 Disability, 
or 
termination with 
Cause, 
the SAR 
Holder may 
exercise 
any 
vested 
SAR, 
but only 
 within such period of time ending on the earlier of (a) 5:00 p.m. central time on 
the date that is 90 
 days 
after 
the 
date 
on 
which 
the 
SAR 
Holder 
ceased 
to 
be 
a 
Service 
Provider 
or 
(b) 
5:00 
p.m. 
 central time on the Expiration Date. 
 8.1Separation from 
Service for Cause.
 
If the SAR 
Holder's service to 
the Company or 
 an 
Affiliate 
is 
terminated 
with 
Cause, 
the 
SARs 
(whether 
vested 
or 
unvested) 
will 
 immediately terminate and cease to be exercisable. 
 8.2Separation 
from 
Service 
due 
to 
Death. 

 If 
the 
SAR 
Holder 
ceases 
to 
be 
a 
Service 
 Provider due to 
the SAR 
Holder's death, the 
portion of 
the SARs 
vested as 
of the date 
of 
 the 
SAR 
Holder's 
death 
may 
be 
exercised 
by 
the 
SAR 
Holder's 
executor, 
administrator, 
 Beneficiary, 
heir or 
legatee as 
the case 
may be, 
at any 
time before 
the earlier 
of (a) 
5:00 

Exhibit 10.20 
 4 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 p.m. central 
time on 
the date 
that is 
365 days 
after the 
date on 
which the 
SAR Holder 
ceased 
 to be a Service Provider due to death or (b) 5:00 p.m. central time on the Expiration Date. 
 8.3Separation from Service due to Disability.
 
If the SAR Holder ceases to be a Service 
 Provider due to the SAR Holder's Disability, the portion of the SARs vested 
as of the date 
 on which 
the SAR 
Holder ceased to 
be a 
Service Provider 
may be 
exercised by 
the SAR 
 Holder at 
any time 
before the 
earlier of 
(a) 5:00 
p.m. central 
time on 
the date 
that is 
365 
 days 
after 
the 
date 
on 
which 
the 
SAR 
Holder 
ceased 
to 
be 
a 
Service 
Provider 
due 
to 
 Disability or (b) 5:00 p.m. central time on the Expiration Date. 
 Section 9.
 Transferability of SARs.
 
Except to 
the extent 
the Committee 
allows SARs 
 to be transferred to a 
Permitted Transferee, the SARs shall not be transferable 
by the SAR Holder, 
 except by will or pursuant to the laws of descent and distribution. 
Shares issuable pursuant to the 
 exercise of 
the SARs 
shall be 
delivered only 
to or 
for the 
account of 
the SAR 
Holder, 
or in 
the 
 event of the SAR Holder's incapacity, to the SAR Holder's guardian or legal representative. 
 S
 ection 10. 
No Right to 
Continue as a Service 
Provide; No Rights 
as Shareholder.

Neither the 
Plan nor 
this SAR 
Award 
Agreement confers 
upon the 
SAR 
Holder any 
right to 
be 
 retained in 
any position 
as an 
Employee, Consultant, or 
Director of 
the Company. 
Further, nothing 
 in the 
Plan or 
this SAR 
Award Agreement shall be 
construed to 
limit the 
discretion of 
the Company 
 to terminate the SAR Holder as a Service Provider at any time, with or without Cause. 

 S
 ection 11.
 Restrictive Covenants. 

 In consideration for the granting of the SARs 
and 
 in addition to any 
other restrictive agreements 
that the SAR Holder 
may have entered into 
with the 
 Company or an 
Affiliate, the SAR 
Holder accepts 
and agrees 
to be bound 
(except in cases 
in which 
 the 
following 
covenants 
conflict 
with 
the 
terms 
of 
any 
employment 
agreement 
between 
the 
 Company 
or 
an 
Affiliate 
and 
the 
SAR 
Holder; 
in 
such 
cases 
the 
terms 
of 
such 
an 
employment 
 agreement shall control) in accordance with the provisions set forth in Exhibit A. 

 Section 12.
 Compliance 
with 
Law.
 
The 
exercise 
of 
the 
SARs 
shall 
be 
subject 
to 
 compliance 
by 
the 
Company 
and 
the 
SAR 
Holder 
with 
all 
applicable 
laws, 
including 
the 
 requirements 
of 
any 
stock 
exchange 
on 
which 
the 
Company's 
Shares 
may 
be 
listed. 
The 
SAR 
 Holder may 
not exercise 
the SARs 
if such 
exercise would 
violate any 
applicable federal 
or state 
 securities laws or other 
laws or regulations. No Shares 
shall be issued pursuant to 
the SARs unless 
 and until 
any then 
applicable requirements 
of state 
or federal 
laws and 
regulatory agencies 
have 
 been fully 
complied with 
to the 
satisfaction of 
the Company 
and its 
counsel. 
The SAR 
Holder 
 understands that the Company is under no obligation 
to register the Shares with the Securities 
and 
 Exchange 
Commission, 
any 
state 
securities 
commission 
or 
any 
stock 
exchange 
to 
effect 
such 
 compliance. 
 S
 ection 13. 
Notices.
 
Any 
notice 
required 
to 
be 
delivered 
to 
the 
Company 
under this 
 SAR Award 
Agreement shall 
be in 
writing and 
addressed to 
the General 
Counsel and Corporate 
 Secretary of the Company at the Company's principal corporate office. 
Any notice required to be 
 delivered to the SAR Holder under this SAR Award 
Agreement shall be in writing and addressed 
 to the SAR 
Holder at the SAR 
Holder's address as shown 
in the records of 
the Company. 
Either 
 party may designate another address in writing (or such other method approved by the Company) 
 from time to time. 

Exhibit 10.20 
 5 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 S
 ection 14. 
Governing 
Law. 

 This 
SAR 
Award 
Agreement 
will 
be 
construed 
and 
 interpreted in 
accordance with 
the laws 
of the 
State of 
Kansas without 
regard to 
conflict of 
law 
 principles. 
 S
 ection 15. 
Adjustments. 

 If 
any 
change 
is 
made 
to 
the 
outstanding 
Stock 
or 
capital 
 structure 
of 
the 
Company, 
if 
required, 
the 
SARs 
may 
be 
adjusted 
or 
terminated 
in 
any 
manner 
 contemplated by Section 7 of the Plan. 
 S
 ection 16. 
Amendment.
 
This SAR Award 
Agreement may be 
amended in a 
manner 
 that is materially 
adverse to 
the SAR 
Holder only by 
a writing executed 
by the parties 
hereto which 
 specifically states that it is amending this SAR Award 
Agreement. 
 S
 ection 17. 
Clawback Policy. 

 The SARs 
will be 
subject to 
certain provisions 
of the 
 Dodd-Frank Wall 
Street Reform and 
Consumer Protection 
Act of 2010 Dodd-Frank and 
any 
 other 
compensation 
clawback 
policy 
that 
the 
Committee 
has 
adopted 
or 
is 
required 
to 
adopt 
 pursuant 
to 
the 
listing 
standatds 
of 
any 
national 
securities 
exchange 
on 
which 
the 
Company's 
 securities 
are 
listed 
or 
as 
is 
otherwise 
required 
by 
Dodd 
Frank 
or 
any 
other 
applicable 
law, 
 including 
without 
limitation the 
CrossFirst 
Bankshares, 
Inc. 
Incentive Compensation 
Clawback 
 Policy. 
The SAR 
Holder acknowledges 
that the 
SARs may 
be clawed 
back by 
the Company 
in 
 accordance with any 
policies and 
procedures adopted 
by the Committee 
in order to 
comply with 
 Dodd Frank or as set forth in this SAR Award 
Agreement.

Section 18. 
Interpretation. 

 Any 
dispute 
regarding 
the 
interpretation 
of 
this 
SAR 
 Award 
Agreement shall 
be submitted 
by the 
SAR Holder 
or the 
Company to 
the Committee 
for 
 review. 
The resolution 
of such dispute 
by the Committee 
shall be final 
and binding on 
the SAR 
 Holder and the Company. 
 S
 ection 19. 
Titles. 

 Titles are provided herein for convenience only and 
are not to serve 
 as a basis for interpretation or construction of this SAR Award Agreement.
 S
 ection 20.Successors and Assigns. 

 The Company may 
assign any of 
its rights under this 
 SAR Award Agreement. This 
SAR Award Agreement will 
be binding 
upon and 
inure to 
the benefit 
 of 
the 
successors 
and 
assigns 
of 
the 
Company. 
Subject 
to 
the 
restrictions 
on 
transfer 
set 
forth 
 herein, this SAR 
Award 
Agreement will be 
binding upon the 
SAR Holder and 
the SAR Holder's 
 beneficiaries, executors, 
administrators and 
the person(s) 
to whom 
the SARs 
may be 
transferred 
 by will or the laws of descent or distribution. 
 S
 ection 21.Severability. 

 The invalidity 
or unenforceability 
of any 
provision of 
the Plan 
 or this SAR Award Agreement shall not affect the 
validity or enforceability of 
any other provision 
 of the 
Plan or 
this SAR 
Award 
Agreement, and 
each provision 
of the 
Plan and 
this SAR 
Award 
 Agreement shall be severable and enforceable to the extent permitted by law. 
 Section 22. 
No Impact 
on Other 
Benefits.
 
The value 
of the 
SARs are 
not part 
of the 
 SAR 
Holder's 
normal 
or 
expected 
compensation 
for 
purposes 
of 
calculating 
any 
severance, 
 retirement, 
welfare, insurance or similar employee benefit. 
 Section 23.
 Counterparts.
 
This 
SAR 
Award 
Agreement 
may 
be 
executed 
in 
 counterparts, each 
of which 
shall be 
deemed an 
original but 
all of 
which together will 
constitute 

Exhibit 10.20 
 6 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 one 
and 
the 
same 
instrument. 
Counterpart 
signature 
pages 
to 
this 
SAR 
Award 
Agreement 
 transmitted by facsimile 
transmission, by electronic 
mail in portable 
document format (.pdf), 
or by 
 any other electronic means intended to preserve the original graphic and pictorial appearance of a 
 document, will have 
the same 
effect as physical 
delivery of the 
paper document 
bearing an 
original 
 signature. 
 Section 24. 
Acceptance.
 
The SAR 
Holder hereby 
acknowledges receipt 
of a 
copy of 
 the Plan 
and this 
SAR Award 
Agreement. The 
SAR Holder 
has read 
and understands 
the terms 
 and provisions thereof and accepts the SARs subject to all of the terms and conditions of the Plan 
 and this SAR Award 
Agreement. 

 Section 25. 
Entire Agreement and Binding Effect. 

 This SAR Award Agreement and 
 the Plan constitute the entire contract between 
the parties hereto with regard to 
the subject matter 
 hereof. 
They supersede any other agreements, representations or understandings (whether oral or 
 written 
and 
whether 
express 
or 
implied) 
that 
relate 
to 
the 
subject 
matter 
hereof. 
Except 
as 
 expressly stated herein 
to the contrary, this SAR 
Award Agreement will be binding upon 
and inure 
 to the 
benefit of 
the respective 
heirs, legal 
representatives, successors 
and assigns 
of the 
parties 
 hereto.
 [Signature Page Follows] 

Exhibit 10.20 
 7 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 
The parties to this 
SAR Award 
Agreement have executed 
this SAR Award 
Agreement as 
 of the date provided in the preamble of this agreement. 
 CROSSFIRST BANKSHARES, INC. 
 By: _____________________ 
 Name:___________________ 
 Title:____________________ 
 [SAR HOLDER NAME] 
 By: _____________________ 
 Name:___________________ 

Exhibit 10.20 
 8 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 EXHIBIT A 
 Restrictive Covenants for SAR Holder Employed in Arizona, Georgia, Kansas, Missouri, 
 Texas 
or New Mexico 

 1.
 NONCOMPETITION. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
one 
year 
following 
the 
date 
of 
SAR 
 Holder's 
termination 
as 
a 
Service 
Provider 
("
 Termination 
Date")
 , 
SAR 
Holder 
 will not contribute his or her knowledge, 
directly or indirectly, 
in whole or in part, as an 
 employee, 
officer, 
owner, 
manager, 
advisor, 
consultant, 
agent, 
partner, 
director, 
 shareholder, volunteer, 
intern or in any other similar capacity to an entity engaged in the 
 same or similar 
business as the Company 
or one of its 
Affiliates within the 
state, region 
 or metropolitan statistical area (as appropriate) for which SAR Holder had responsibility 
 for, or 
conducted business 
on behalf of, 
the Company or 
one of its 
Affiliates during the 
 two years prior to the Termination Date. 
 2.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF 
EMPLOYEES. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
 one 
year 
following 
 the 
 Termination 
Date 
, 
SAR 
Holder 
will 
not 
directly 
or 
indirectly, 
solicit, 
hire, 
recruit, 
 attempt to 
hire or 
recruit, or 
induce the 
termination of 
employment of 
any employee 
of 
 the Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 3.
 NONSOLICITATIO 
N 
OF 
COMPANY 
CUSTOMERS. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
 one 
year 
 following 
 the Termination 
Date 
, 
SAR 
Holder 
will 
not directly 
or indirectly, 
solicit, 
 contact (including, but 
not limited to, 
e-mail, regular mail, 
express mail, telephone, 
fax, 
 and instant message), attempt 
to contact or meet 
with the current, former 
or prospective 
 customers of the Company 
or one of its 
Affiliates with whom 
SAR Holder had material 
 contact during SAR Holder's 
employment, for purposes of 
offering or accepting goods or 
 services 
similar 
to 
or 
competitive 
with 
those 
offered 
by 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
 Affiliates. 

 4.
 NO 
DETRIMENTAL 
COMMUN 
ICATIONS. 

 SAR 
Holder 
 agrees not to 
disclose 
 or cause 
to be 
disclosed at 
any time 
any untrue, 
negative, adverse 
or derogatory 
comments 
 or information 
about the 
Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates, any 
product or 
service provided 
 by the 
Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates 
, 
or prospects 
for the 
future of 
the Company 
or 
 one of its 
Affiliates. 
Notwithstanding the foregoing, 
this provision does 
not in any way 
 limit, restrict 
or impede 
SAR Holder s 
ability to 
provide truthful 
testimony or 
information 
 in response to a subpoena, court or arbitral order, or as otherwise required by law. 
 5.
 CONFIDENTIALITY. 

 SAR 
Holder 
 acknowledges 
that 
it 
is 
the 
policy 
of 
the 
 Company 
to 
maintain 
as 
confidential 
all 
information 
about 
the 
Company s 
and 
its 
 Affiliates' 
business, 
proprietary, 
and 
technical 
information 
that 
is 
not known 
to 
others, 
 including without limitation, 
customer lists, information 
relating to the 
Company's or one 
 of its 
Affiliates' customers, 
their businesses, 
operations, employees 
and customers, 
unique 
 concepts, 
lending 
practices, 
sales 
presentations, 
marketing 
programs, 
marketing 
 strategies, 
business 
practices, 
pricing 
information, 
employment 
handbooks, 
training 
 materials/manuals, cost information, customer leads, 
documents identifying past, present 
 and 
future 
customers, 
hiring 
and 
training 
methods, 
investment 
policies, 
financial 
and 
 other confidential, proprietary 
and/or trade secret 
information concerning the Company s 

Exhibit 10.20 
 9 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 and its Affiliates' operations and 
growth plans ("Confidential Information"). 
SAR Holder 
 recognizes 
that 
the 
Confidential 
Information 
is 
the 
sole 
and 
exclusive 
property 
of 
the 
 Company or one 
of its Affiliates, 
and that disclosure of 
Confidential Information would 
 cause damage to the Company 
or one of its Affiliates 
. 
SAR Holder shall not at 
any time 
 disclose or authorize the disclosure of Confidential Information that 
(a) is disclosed to or 
 known 
by 
SAR 
Holder 
as 
result 
of 
as 
a 
consequence 
of 
or 
through 
the 
SAR 
Holder's 
 performance of 
services for 
the Company 
or one 
of its 
Affiliates, 
(b) is 
not publicly 
or 
 generally 
known 
outside 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates 
and 
(c) 
relates 
in 
any 
 manner to the Company's or one of its Affiliates' 
business. 
This Section 5 shall apply in 
 addition to, and not in derogation of any other confidentiality agreements that may exist, 
 now or in the future, between SAR Holder and the Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 a)
 On or 
before the 
Termination 
Date
 , 
 SAR Holder 
shall return 
to the 
Company, 
all 
 records, 
lists, 
compositions, 
documents 
and 
other 
items 
which 
contain, 
disclose 
 and/or 
embody 
any 
Confidential 
Information 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
all 
 copies, 
reproductions, 
summaries 
and 
notes 
of 
the 
contents 
thereof, 
expressly 
 including all electronically-stored 
data, wherever stored), 
regardless of the 
person 
 causing the 
same to 
be in 
such form, 
and SAR 
Holder will 
certify that 
the provisions 
 of this paragraph have been complied with.
 b)
 Notwithstanding 
the 
above 
or 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Exhibit 
A 
or 
any 
other 
 agreement executed by 
the SAR Holder to 
the contrary, there shall be no 
restriction 
 on 
the 
SAR 
Holder's 
ability 
to 
(i) 
report violations 
of 
any 
law 
or 
regulation, 
(ii) 
 provide 
truthful 
testimony 
or 
information 
pursuant 
to 
subpoena, 
court 
order, 
or 
 similar legal process, (iii) 
provide truthful information to government 
or regulatory 
 agencies, 
or 
(iv) 
otherwise 
engage 
in 
whistleblower 
activity 
protected 
by 
the 
 Securities 
Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934, 
the 
Dodd-Frank 
Wall 
Street 
Reform 
and 
 Consumer Protection Act, or any rules or regulations issued thereunder, including, 
 without limitation, Rule 21F-17. 
In addition, 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) 
provides, in part: 
 (1) An individual 
shall not 
be held 
criminally or 
civilly liable 
under any 
Federal 
 or State trade 
secret law 
for the disclosure 
of a trade 
secret that (A) 
is made (i) 
in 
 confidence 
to 
a 
Federal, 
State, 
or 
local 
government 
official, 
either 
directly 
or 
 indirectly, 
or 
to 
an 
attorney; 
and 
(ii) 
solely 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
reporting 
or 
 investigating a 
suspected violation 
of law; 
or (B) 
is made 
in a 
complaint or 
other 
 document filed in 
a lawsuit or 
other proceeding, if 
such filing is 
made under seal. 
 . (2) An 
individual who 
files a 
lawsuit for 
retaliation by 
an employer 
for reporting 
 a 
suspected 
violation 
of 
law 
may 
disclose 
the 
trade 
secret 
to 
the 
attorney 
of 
the 
 individual 
and 
use 
the 
trade 
secret 
information 
in 
the 
court 
proceeding, 
if 
the 
 individual (A) 
files any 
document containing 
the trade 
secret under 
seal; and 
(B) 
 does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant 
to court order. 
Nothing in this 
 Exhibit A, any other agreement 
executed by the SAR Holder 
is intended to conflict 
 with the statutory protection in 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 6.
 BREACH 
OF 
COVENANTS. 

 In 
the 
event 
of 
a 
breach 
of 
any 
of 
the 
covenants 
 contained 
in 
this 
Exhibit 
A: 
(a) 
any 
unvested 
portion 
of 
the 
SARs 
shall 
be 
forfeited 
 effective as of the date 
of such breach, unless sooner terminated 
by operation of another 
 term 
of 
condition 
of 
the 
SAR 
Award 
Agreement 
or 
the 
Plan; 
and 
(b) 
the 
SAR 
Holder 

Exhibit 10.20 
 10 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 hereby consents and agrees 
that the Company 
or one of its 
Affiliates shall be 
entitled to 
 seek, in 
addition to 
other available 
remedies, a 
temporary or 
permanent injunction 
or other 
 equitable 
relief 
against 
such 
breach 
or 
threatened 
breach 
from 
any 
court 
of 
competent 
 jurisdiction, without the 
necessity of 
showing any actual 
damages or that 
money damages 
 would not afford 
an adequate remedy, 
and without the 
necessity of posting 
any bond or 
 security. 
The aforementioned equitable 
relief shall be 
in addition to, 
not in lieu 
of, legal 
 remedies, monetary damages or other available forms of relief. 
 7.
 SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions 
of this Exhibit A 
shall otherwise contravene 
 or be invalid 
under the 
laws of 
any state, 
country or 
other jurisdiction 
where this 
Exhibit 
A 
 is applicable 
but for 
such contravention 
or invalidity, such 
contravention 
or invalidity 
shall 
 not invalidate 
all of 
the provisions 
of this 
Exhibit A 
but rather 
it shall 
be construed, insofar 
 as the laws of that state or other jurisdiction are concerned, 
as not 
containing 
the provision 
 or provisions 
contravening 
or invalid 
under the 
laws of that 
state or jurisdiction, or a court 
 of 
competent 
jurisdiction 
may 
reform 
any 
such 
invalid 
provision, 
and 
the 
rights 
and 
 obligations created hereby shall be construed and enforced accordingly. 

 Restrictive Covenants for SAR Holder Employed in Oklahoma 
 1.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF EMPLOYEES. 
For a period of 
one year following 
 the date of 
 SAR 
Holder's 
termination 
as 
a 
Service 
Provider 
("
 Termination 
Date 
"), 
SAR 
 Holder 
will 
not 
directly 
solicit, 
hire, 
recruit, 
attempt 
to 
hire 
or 
recruit, 
or 
induce 
the 
 termination of employment 
of any employee 
of the Company 
or one of 
its Affiliates during 
 the two years prior to the Termination Date. 
 2.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF COMPANY CUSTOMERS. 
For a 
period of 
one year 
following 
 the 
Termination 
Date, 
SAR 
Holder will 
not directly 
solicit, 
interfere with, 
or 
attempt 
to 
 interfere 
with 
any 
of 
the 
Company's 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates' 
established 
customer 
 relationships 
that 
existed 
at 
SAR 
Holder's 
Termination 
Date for 
purposes 
of 
offering 
or 
 accepting goods or 
services similar to 
or competitive with 
those offered by 
the Company 
 or one of its Affiliates. 

 3.
 NO DETRIMENTAL COMMUNICATIONS. 
SAR Holder agrees 
not to disclose 
or cause 
 to 
be 
disclosed 
at 
any 
time 
any 
untrue, 
negative, 
adverse 
or 
derogatory 
comments 
or 
 information about the 
Company or one of 
its Affiliates, any product or 
service provided by 
 the Company or one of its Affiliates, 
or prospects for the future of the Company or one of 
 its 
Affiliates. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
foregoing, 
this 
provision 
does 
not 
in 
any 
way 
limit, 
 restrict 
or 
impede 
SAR 
Holder s 
ability 
to 
provide 
truthful 
testimony 
or 
information 
in 
 response to a subpoena, court or arbitral order, or as otherwise required by law. 
 4.
 CONFIDENTIALITY. 
SAR Holder acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to 
 maintain as confidential 
all information about 
the Company s 
and its Affiliates' 
business, 
 proprietary, 
and 
technical 
information 
that 
is 
not 
known 
to 
others, 
including 
without 
 limitation, 
customer 
lists, 
information 
relating 
to 
the 
Company's 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates' 
 customers, 
their 
businesses, 
operations, 
employees 
and 
customers, 
unique 
concepts, 
 lending practices, sales presentations, marketing 
programs, marketing strategies, business 
 practices, 
pricing 
information, 
employment 
handbooks, 
training 
materials/manuals, 
cost 

Exhibit 10.20 
 11 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 information, 
customer 
leads, 
documents 
identifying 
past, 
present 
and 
future 
customers, 
 hiring 
and 
training 
methods, 
investment 
policies, 
financial 
and 
other 
confidential, 
 proprietary and/or 
trade 
secret information 
concerning 
the Company s 
and 
its 
Affiliates' 
 operations and growth 
plans ("Confidential Information"). SAR 
Holder recognizes that 
the 
 Confidential Information 
is the sole 
and exclusive 
property of the 
Company or 
one of 
its 
 Affiliates, 
and 
that 
disclosure 
of 
Confidential 
Information 
would 
cause 
damage 
to 
the 
 Company or one 
of its 
Affiliates. 
SAR Holder 
shall not 
at any 
time disclose 
or authorize 
 the disclosure of 
Confidential Information that 
(a) is disclosed to or 
known by SAR 
Holder 
 as result of as 
a consequence of or 
through the SAR 
Holder's performance of services 
for 
 the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates, 
(b) 
is 
not publicly 
or 
generally known 
outside 
the 
 Company or one of its Affiliates and (c) relates in any manner to the Company's or 
one of 
 its Affiliates 
business. 
This Section 4 
shall apply in 
addition to, and 
not in derogation 
of 
 any other 
confidentiality 
agreements that 
may exist, 
now or 
in the 
future, between 
SAR 
 Holder and the Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 a)
 On or 
before the 
Termination 
Date, SAR 
Holder shall 
return to 
the Company, 
all 
 records, 
lists, 
compositions, 
documents 
and 
other 
items 
which 
contain, 
disclose 
 and/or 
embody 
any 
Confidential 
Information 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
all 
 copies, 
reproductions, 
summaries 
and 
notes 
of 
the 
contents 
thereof, 
expressly 
 including all 
electronically-stored data, wherever 
stored), regardless of 
the person 
 causing the 
same to 
be in 
such form, 
and SAR 
Holder will 
certify that 
the provisions 
 of this paragraph have been complied with. 
 b)
 Notwithstanding 
the 
above 
or 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Exhibit 
A 
or 
any 
other 
 agreement executed by 
the SAR Holder to 
the contrary, there shall be no 
restriction 
 on 
the 
SAR 
Holder's 
ability 
to 
(i) 
report violations 
of 
any 
law 
or 
regulation, 
(ii) 
 provide 
truthful 
testimony 
or 
information 
pursuant 
to 
subpoena, 
court 
order, 
or 
 similar legal process, (iii) 
provide truthful information to government 
or regulatory 
 agencies, 
or 
(iv) 
otherwise 
engage 
in 
whistleblower 
activity 
protected 
by 
the 
 Securities 
Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934, 
the 
Dodd-Frank 
Wall 
Street 
Reform 
and 
 Consumer Protection Act, or any rules or regulations issued thereunder, including, 
 without limitation, Rule 21F-17. 
In addition, 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) 
provides, in part: 
 (1) An individual 
shall not 
be held 
criminally or 
civilly liable 
under any 
Federal 
 or State trade 
secret law 
for the disclosure 
of a trade 
secret that (A) 
is made (i) 
in 
 confidence 
to 
a 
Federal, 
State, 
or 
local 
government 
official, 
either 
directly 
or 
 indirectly, 
or 
to 
an 
attorney; 
and 
(ii) 
solely 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
reporting 
or 
 investigating a 
suspected violation 
of law; 
or (B) 
is made 
in a 
complaint or 
other 
 document filed in 
a lawsuit or 
other proceeding, if 
such filing is 
made under seal. 
 . (2) An 
individual who 
files a 
lawsuit for 
retaliation by 
an employer 
for reporting 
 a 
suspected 
violation 
of 
law 
may 
disclose 
the 
trade 
secret 
to 
the 
attorney 
of 
the 
 individual 
and 
use 
the 
trade 
secret 
information 
in 
the 
court 
proceeding, 
if 
the 
 individual (A) 
files any 
document containing 
the trade 
secret under 
seal; and 
(B) 
 does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant 
to court order. 
Nothing in this 
 Exhibit A, any other agreement 
executed by the SAR 
Holder is intended to 
conflict 
 with the statutory protection in 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 

Exhibit 10.20 
 12 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 5.
 BREACH OF COVENANTS. 
In the event of a breach of 
any of the covenants contained 
 in this 
Exhibit A: 
(a) any 
unvested portion 
of the 
SARs shall 
be forfeited 
effective as 
of 
 the date of 
such breach, unless 
sooner terminated by 
operation of another 
term of condition 
 of the 
SAR Award 
Agreement or 
the Plan; 
and (b) 
the SAR 
Holder hereby 
consents and 
 agrees that 
the Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates shall 
be entitled 
to seek, 
in addition 
to other 
 available remedies, 
a temporary 
or permanent 
injunction or 
other equitable 
relief against 
 such 
breach 
or 
threatened 
breach 
from 
any 
court 
of 
competent 
jurisdiction, 
without 
the 
 necessity 
of 
showing 
any 
actual 
damages 
or 
that 
money 
damages 
would 
not 
afford 
an 
 adequate 
remedy, 
and 
without 
the 
necessity 
of 
posting 
any 
bond 
or 
security. 
The 
 aforementioned 
equitable 
relief 
shall 
be 
in 
addition 
to, 
not 
in 
lieu 
of, 
legal 
remedies, 
 monetary damages or other available forms of relief. 
 6.
 SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions of this Exhibit A shall otherwise contravene or 
 be invalid under the laws of any state, country 
or other jurisdiction where this Exhibit A is 
 applicable but 
for such 
contravention or 
invalidity, 
such contravention 
or invalidity 
shall 
 not invalidate all of the 
provisions of this Exhibit A but 
rather it shall be construed, 
insofar 
 as the laws of that state or other 
jurisdiction are concerned, as not containing the provision 
 or provisions 
contravening or 
invalid under 
the laws 
of that 
state or 
jurisdiction, and 
the 
 rights and obligations created hereby shall be construed and enforced accordingly. 
 Restrictive Covenants for SAR Holder Employed in Colorado 
 1.
 The provisions in paragraphs 2 and 4 are 
for the protection of the Company's or one 
of its 
 Affiliates' trade secrets. 
The provisions in 
paragraphs 2 apply 
only to a 
SAR Holder whose 
 annualized 
cash 
compensation 
is 
equivalent 
to 
or 
greater 
than 
the 
threshold 
amount 
for 
 highly compensated workers established by the Division of Labor Standards and Statistics 
 in the 
Colorado Department 
of Labor 
and Employment. 
The provisions 
in paragraphs 
2 
 and 4 apply only 
to a SAR Holder whose 
annualized cash compensation is equivalent 
to or 
 greater than 60 of 
the threshold amount for 
highly compensated workers established 
by 
 the Division 
of Labor 
Standards and 
Statistics in 
the Colorado 
Department of 
Labor and 
 Employment. 
 2.
 NONCOMPETITION. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
one 
year 
following 
the 
date 
of 
SAR 
 Holder's 
termination 
as 
a 
Service 
Provider 
("
 Termination 
Date")
 , 
SAR 
Holder 
 will not 
contribute his 
or her 
knowledge, directly 
or indirectly, 
in whole 
or in 
part, as 
an 
 employee, 
officer, 
owner, 
manager, 
advisor, 
consultant, 
agent, 
partner, 
director, 
 shareholder, volunteer, 
intern or 
in any 
other similar 
capacity to 
an entity 
engaged in 
the 
 same or similar business as the Company or one of its Affiliates within the state, region or 
 metropolitan statistical area (as appropriate) for which SAR Holder had responsibility for, 
 or conducted 
business on 
behalf of, 
the Company 
or one 
of its 
Affiliates 
during the 
two 
 years prior to the Termination Date. 
 3.
 NONSOLICITATION 
OF 
EMPLOYEES. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
one 
year 
following 
the 
 Termination 
Date, 
SAR 
Holder 
will 
not 
directly 
solicit, 
hire, 
recruit, 
attempt 
to 
hire 
or 
 recruit, or induce the termination of employment of any employee of the 
Company or one 
 of its Affiliates. 

Exhibit 10.20 
 13 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 4.
 NONSOLICITATIO 
N 
OF 
COMPANY 
CUSTOMERS. 
For 
a 
period 
of 
 one 
year 
 following 
 the 
Termination 
Date 
, 
SAR 
Holder 
will 
not 
directly 
or 
indirectly, 
solicit, 
 contact (including, 
but not 
limited 
to, e-mail, 
regular mail, 
express mail, 
telephone, fax, 
 and instant 
message), attempt 
to contact 
or meet 
with the 
current, former 
or prospective 
 customers of 
the Company 
or one 
of its 
Affiliates with 
whom SAR 
Holder had 
material 
 contact during SAR 
Holder's employment, for purposes 
of offering or 
accepting goods or 
 services 
similar 
to 
or 
competitive 
with 
those 
offered 
by 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
 Affiliates. 

 5.
 NO DETRIMENTAL COMMUNICATIONS. 
SAR Holder agrees 
not to disclose 
or cause 
 to 
be 
disclosed 
at 
any 
time 
any 
untrue, 
negative, 
adverse 
or 
derogatory 
comments 
or 
 information about the 
Company or one of 
its Affiliates, any product or 
service provided by 
 the Company or one of its Affiliates, 
or prospects for the future of the Company or one of 
 its 
Affiliates. 
Notwithstanding 
the 
foregoing, 
this 
provision 
does 
not 
in 
any 
way 
limit, 
 restrict 
or 
impede 
SAR 
Holder's 
ability 
to 
provide 
truthful 
testimony 
or 
information 
in 
 response to a subpoena, court or arbitral order, or as otherwise required by law. 
 6.
 CONFIDENTIALITY. 
SAR Holder acknowledges that it is the policy of the Company to 
 maintain 
as 
confidential 
all 
information 
about 
the 
Company s 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates' 
 business, 
proprietary, 
and 
technical 
information 
that 
is 
not 
known 
to 
others, 
including 
 without limitation, 
customer lists and 
information relating 
to the Company's 
or one of 
its 
 Affiliates' 
customers, 
their 
businesses, 
operations, 
employees 
and 
customers, 
unique 
 concepts, lending practices, sales 
presentations, marketing programs, marketing 
strategies, 
 business 
practices, 
pricing 
information, 
employment 
handbooks, 
training 
 materials/manuals, cost 
information, customer 
leads, documents 
identifying past, 
present 
 and future customers, hiring and 
training methods, investment policies, financial 
and other 
 confidential, proprietary and/or trade secret information concerning 
the Company s or one 
 of 
its 
Affiliates' 
operations 
and 
growth 
plans 
("Confidential 
Information"). 
SAR 
Holder 
 recognizes 
that 
the 
Confidential 
Information 
is 
the 
sole 
and 
exclusive 
property 
of 
the 
 Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates 
, 
and that 
disclosure of 
Confidential Information 
would 
 cause damage 
to the 
Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates. 
SAR Holder 
shall not 
at any 
time 
 disclose or authorize 
the disclosure 
of Confidential 
Information that (a) is 
disclosed to or 
 known 
by 
SAR 
Holder 
as 
result 
of 
as 
a 
consequence 
of 
or 
through 
the 
SAR 
Holder's 
 performance 
of 
services 
for 
the 
Company 
or 
one 
of 
its 
Affiliates, 
(b) 
is 
not 
publicly 
or 
 generally known outside the 
Company or one of 
its Affiliates and (c) 
relates in any manner 
 to the Company's 
or one of its 
Affiliates' business. 
This Section 6 
shall apply in addition 
 to, and not in derogation of any other confidentiality agreements that may exist, now or in 
 the future, between SAR Holder and the Company or one of its Affiliates. 
 a)
 On or 
before the 
Termination 
Date, SAR 
Holder shall 
return to 
the Company, 
all 
 records, 
lists, 
compositions, 
documents 
and 
other 
items 
which 
contain, 
disclose 
 and/or 
embody 
any 
Confidential 
Information 
(including, 
without 
limitation, 
all 
 copies, 
reproductions, 
summaries 
and 
notes 
of 
the 
contents 
thereof, 
expressly 
 including all 
electronically-stored data, wherever 
stored), regardless of 
the person 
 causing the 
same to 
be in 
such form, 
and SAR 
Holder will 
certify that 
the provisions 
 of this paragraph have been complied with. 

Exhibit 10.20 
 14 
 SAR Award v. 2023.02.17 
 b)
 Notwithstanding 
the 
above 
or 
any 
provision 
of 
this 
Exhibit 
A 
or 
any 
other 
 agreement executed by SAR Holder to the contrary, there shall be no restriction on 
 the 
SAR 
Holder s 
ability 
to 
(i) 
report 
violations 
of 
any 
law 
or 
regulation, 
(ii) 
 provide 
truthful 
testimony 
or 
information 
pursuant 
to 
subpoena, 
court 
order, 
or 
 similar legal process, (iii) 
provide truthful information to government 
or regulatory 
 agencies, 
or 
(iv) 
otherwise 
engage 
in 
whistleblower 
activity 
protected 
by 
the 
 Securities 
Exchange 
Act 
of 
1934, 
the 
Dodd-Frank 
Wall 
Street 
Reform 
and 
 Consumer Protection Act, or any rules or regulations issued thereunder, including, 
 without limitation, Rule 21F-17. 
In addition, 18 U.S.C. 1833(b) 
provides, in part: 
 (1) An individual 
shall not 
be held 
criminally or 
civilly liable 
under any 
Federal 
 or State trade 
secret law 
for the disclosure 
of a trade 
secret that (A) 
is made (i) 
in 
 confidence 
to 
a 
Federal, 
State, 
or 
local 
government 
official, 
either 
directly 
or 
 indirectly, 
or 
to 
an 
attorney; 
and 
(ii) 
solely 
for 
the 
purpose 
of 
reporting 
or 
 investigating a 
suspected violation 
of law; 
or (B) 
is made 
in a 
complaint or 
other 
 document filed in 
a lawsuit or 
other proceeding, if 
such filing is 
made under seal. 
 . (2) An 
individual who 
files a 
lawsuit for 
retaliation by 
an employer 
for reporting 
 a 
suspected 
violation 
of 
law 
may 
disclose 
the 
trade 
secret 
to 
the 
attorney 
of 
the 
 individual 
and 
use 
the 
trade 
secret 
information 
in 
the 
court 
proceeding, 
if 
the 
 individual (A) 
files any 
document containing 
the trade 
secret under 
seal; and 
(B) 
 does not disclose the trade secret, except pursuant 
to court order. 
Nothing in this 
 Exhibit A, any other agreement 
executed by the SAR Holder 
is intended to conflict 
 with the statutory protection in 18 U.S.C. 1833(b). 
 7.
 BREACH OF COVENANTS. 
In the event of a breach of 
any of the covenants contained 
 in this 
Exhibit A: 
(a) any 
unvested portion 
of the 
SARs shall 
be forfeited 
effective as 
of 
 the date of 
such breach, unless 
sooner terminated by 
operation of another 
term of condition 
 of the 
SAR Award 
Agreement or 
the Plan; 
and (b) 
the SAR 
Holder hereby 
consents and 
 agrees that 
the Company or 
one of 
its Affiliates shall 
be entitled 
to seek, 
in addition 
to other 
 available remedies, 
a temporary 
or permanent 
injunction or 
other equitable 
relief against 
 such 
breach 
or 
threatened 
breach 
from 
any 
court 
of 
competent 
jurisdiction, 
without 
the 
 necessity 
of 
showing 
any 
actual 
damages 
or 
that 
money 
damages 
would 
not 
afford 
an 
 adequate 
remedy, 
and 
without 
the 
necessity 
of 
posting 
any 
bond 
or 
security. 
The 
 aforementioned 
equitable 
relief 
shall 
be 
in 
addition 
to, 
not 
in 
lieu 
of, 
legal 
remedies, 
 monetary damages or other available forms of relief. 
 8.
 SEVERABILITY. 
If any of the provisions of this Exhibit A shall otherwise contravene or 
 be invalid under 
the laws of 
any state, 
country or 
other jurisdiction 
where this 
Exhibit A 
is 
 applicable 
but for such contravention 
or invalidity, such contravention or 
invalidity shall 
 not invalidate all of the 
provisions of this Exhibit A but rather it shall be construed, 
 insofar as the laws of that state or other jurisdiction are concerned, 
as not 
containing 
the 
 provision 
or provisions 
contravening 
or invalid 
under 
the laws 
of that 
state 
or jurisdiction, or 
 a court of competent jurisdiction may reform any such invalid provision, and the rights 
 and obligations created hereby shall be construed and enforced accordingly. 

</EX-10.20>

<EX-101.CAL>
 93
 cfb-20221231_cal.xml
 EX-101.CAL

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 94
 cfb-20221231_def.xml
 EX-101.DEF

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 95
 cfb-20221231_lab.xml
 EX-101.LAB

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 96
 cfb-20221231_pre.xml
 EX-101.PRE

</EX-101.PRE>

<EX-101.SCH>
 97
 cfb-20221231.xsd
 EX-101.SCH

</EX-101.SCH>

