<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230331_10-K_edgar_data_1849902_0001753926-23-000342.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>5492963</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>385974</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>986682</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>1483118</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>1249960</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>1267623</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>9</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001753926-23-000342.hdr.sgml : 20230331
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230331131637
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001753926-23-000342
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		58
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230331
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230331

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			SEP Acquisition Corp.
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0001849902
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	BLANK CHECKS [6770]
		IRS NUMBER:				000000000
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			DE
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-40679
		FILM NUMBER:		23786145

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3737 BUFFALO SPEEDWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1750
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77098
		BUSINESS PHONE:		713-715-6820

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		3737 BUFFALO SPEEDWAY
		STREET 2:		SUITE 1750
		CITY:			HOUSTON
		STATE:			TX
		ZIP:			77098

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	20210308

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001753926-23-000342.txt : 20230331

10-K
 1
 g083444_10k.htm
 10-K

UNITED
STATES 

 SECURITIES
AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 

 Washington,
D.C. 20549 

FORM 

(Mark One) 

ANNUAL REPORT UNDER SECTION 13 OR s15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ______________
to ______________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in
its charter) 

(State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization) 
 
 (IRS Employer Identification No.) 

, 

 , 

 (Address of principal executive offices
and zip code) 

(Registrant s telephone number, including
area code) 

N/A 

(Former name, former address and former
fiscal year, if changed since last report) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class 
 
 Trading Symbol(s) 

Name of each exchange on which 
 registered 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant
is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
(1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding
12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such
filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T (Section
232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such
files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company or an emerging growth
company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting
company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act: 

Large accelerated filer 
 Accelerated filer 

Smaller reporting company 

Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate
by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial
accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial
reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared
or issued its audit report. Yes No 

If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12 (b) of the
Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of
an error to previously issued financial statements. 

Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections
are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive
officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant
is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes 
No 

The aggregate market value of the Class
A Common Stock outstanding, other than shares held by persons who may be deemed affiliates of the registrant, computed by reference
to the closing sales price for the Class A common stock on June 30, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most
recently completed second fiscal quarter, as reported on Nasdaq, was 1 . 

As of March 24, 2023, there
were shares of the registrant s Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and shares of the
registrant s Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share issued and outstanding. 

SEP ACQUISITION
CORP. 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1. 
 Business 
 4 

Item 1A. 
 Risk Factors 
 7 

Item 1B. 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 39 

Item 2. 
 Properties 
 39 

Item 3. 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 

Item 4. 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 
 PART II 

Item 5. 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholders Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 40 

Item 6. 
 Reserved 
 40 

Item 7. 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 41 

Item 7A. 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 45 

Item 8. 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 45 

Item 9. 
 Changes in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 45 

Item 9A. 
 Controls and Procedures 
 45 

Item 9B. 
 Other Information 
 45 

Item 9C. 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 46 
 
 PART III 

Item 10. 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 47 

Item 11. 
 Executive Compensation 
 54 

Item 12. 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 55 

Item 13. 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 56 

Item 14. 
 Principal Accounting Fees and Services 
 57 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15. 
 Exhibits, Financial Statement Schedules 
 59 

Item 16. 
 Form 10-K Summary 
 60 

CERTAIN TERMS 

References to the Company, our, us or we refer to SEP Acquisition Corp., a blank check company
incorporated on March 1, 2021 as a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effecting a merger, capital stock exchange,
asset acquisition, stock purchase, reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to
throughout this Annual Report on Form 10-K as our initial business combination. References to our sponsor 
refer to Mercury Sponsor Group I LLC, a Delaware limited liability company. References to equity-linked securities 
are to any securities of the Company which are convertible into, or exchangeable or exercisable for, equity securities of the Company,
including any securities issued by the Company which are pledged to secure any obligation of any holder to purchase equity securities
of the Company. References to the SEC are to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. References to our initial
public offering refer to our initial public offering, which closed on July 30, 2021 (the Closing Date ). References
to public shares are to shares of our Class A common stock sold as part of the units in our initial public offering.
References to public stockholders are to the holders of our public shares. 

2 

SEP ACQUISITION
CORP. 

 TABLE OF CONTENTS 

SPECIAL NOTE REGARDING FORWARD LOOKING
STATEMENTS 

Certain statements in this Annual Report
on Form 10-K Report or Annual Report may constitute forward looking statements for
purposes of the federal securities laws. Our forward looking statements include, but are not limited to, statements regarding our
or our management team s expectations, hopes, beliefs, intentions or strategies regarding the future and the statements under
 Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding our
financial position, business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations. In addition, any statements
that refer to projections, forecasts or other characterizations of future events or circumstances, including any underlying assumptions,
are forward looking statements. The words anticipate, believe, continue, could, 
 estimate, expect, intend, may, might, plan, 
 possible, potential, predict, project, should, would 
and similar expressions may identify forward looking statements, but the absence of these words does not mean that a statement
is not forward looking. Forward looking statements in this Annual Report on Form 10-K may include, for example, statements about: 

our ability to select an appropriate target business or businesses; 

our ability to complete our initial business combination 

our expectations around the performance of the prospective target business or businesses 

our success in retaining or recruiting, or changes required in, our officers, key employees or
directors following our initial business combination 

our officers and directors allocating their time to other businesses and potentially having conflicts
of interest with our business or in approving our initial business combination 

our potential ability to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination 

our pool of prospective target businesses 

the ability of our officers and directors to generate a number of potential acquisition opportunities 

our public securities potential liquidity and trading 

the lack of a market for our securities 

the use of proceeds not held in the trust account described below or available to us from interest
income on the trust account balance 

the trust account not being subject to claims of third parties 

our financial performance; or 

the other risk and uncertainties discussed in Item 1A. Risk Factors, elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K and in our other filings with the SEC. 

The forward looking statements contained
in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential
effects on us. There can be no assurance that future developments affecting us will be those that we have anticipated. These forward
looking statements involve a number of risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) or other assumptions that may
cause actual results or performance to be materially different from those expressed or implied by these forward looking statements.
These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited to, those factors described under Part I, Item 1A. Risk Factors. 
Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize, or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results
may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward looking statements. We undertake no obligation to update or
revise any forward looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise, except as may be required
under applicable securities laws. 

3 

PART I 

Item 1. Business. 

Company Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated
in Delaware on March 1, 2021 and formed for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock
purchase, reorganization or other similar business combination with one or more businesses. We are an early stage and emerging
growth company and, as such, are subject to all of the risks associated with early stage and emerging growth companies. 

On March 4, 2021, our sponsor paid 25,000
in consideration for 5,031,250 shares of Class B common stock (the founder shares ). The outstanding founder shares
included an aggregate of up to 656,250 shares subject to forfeiture by our sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment
was not exercised in full or in part. The underwriter partially exercised their over-allotment option on August 20, 2021 and forfeited
the remainder of the option; thus, 520,875 founder shares were forfeited by our sponsor. 

The registration statement for our initial
public offering was declared effective on July 27, 2021. On July 30, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 17,500,000
units, at 10.00 per Unit, generating gross proceeds of 175,000,000. Each unit consisted of one share of Class A common stock
and one-half of one redeemable warrant public warrant ). Each public warrant entitles the holder to purchase one
share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of 11.50 per whole share. 

Simultaneously with the closing of our
initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 7,850,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant in a private placement (the
 private placement warrants to our sponsor, Mercury Sponsor Group I LLC, generating gross proceeds of 7,850,000.
Each private placement warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The
proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants were added to the net proceeds from the initial public offering held in
a trust account. If we do not complete a business combination within 36 months from the consummation of the initial public offering,
the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject
to the requirements of applicable law). 

On August 20, 2021, the underwriter partially
exercised its over-allotment option and purchased an additional 541,500 units, generating gross proceeds of 5,415,000. 

The shares of Class B common stock will
automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination on a one-for-one basis
(subject to adjustment for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions), and
subject to further adjustment as provided herein. Holders of founder shares may also elect to convert their shares of Class B common
stock into an equal number of shares of Class A common stock, subject to adjustment as provided above, at any time. 

We are an emerging growth company 
within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may take advantage of certain exemptions from various
reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies including, but not
limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor internal controls attestation requirements of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports and proxy statements, and exemptions
from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and stockholder approval of any golden parachute
payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access to certain information they may deem important.
We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances could cause us to lose that status earlier,
including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of any June 30 before
that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following December 31. We cannot predict whether
investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions. If some investors find our securities
less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our securities may be lower than they otherwise
would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further, Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS
Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial accounting standards until private
companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared effective or do not have a class of
securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised financial accounting standards. The
JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements that apply
to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We have elected not to opt out of such extended
transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates for public or private
companies, we, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time private companies adopt the new
or revised standard. This may make comparison of our financial statements with another public company which is neither an emerging
growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using the extended transition period difficult or impossible
because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

4 

PART I 

Additionally, we are a smaller reporting
company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may take advantage of certain reduced
disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial statements. We will remain
a smaller reporting company until the last day of the fiscal year in which (1) the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
exceeds 250 million as of the prior June 30th, and (2) our annual revenues exceeded 100 million during such completed fiscal
year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds 700 million as of the prior June 30th. To the extent
we take advantage of such reduced disclosure obligations, it may also make comparison of our financial statements with other public
companies difficult or impossible. 

Stockholders May Not Have the Ability
to Approve an Initial Business Combination 

We may conduct redemptions without a stockholder
vote pursuant to the tender offer rules of the SEC. However, we will seek stockholder approval if it is required by law or applicable
stock exchange rule, or we may decide to seek stockholder approval for business or other legal reasons. 

Amended and Restated Certificate of
Incorporation 

Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation contains certain requirements and restrictions that will apply to us until the completion of our initial business
combination. These provisions (other than amendments relating to provisions governing the election or removal of directors prior
to our initial business combination, which require the approval of a majority of at least 90 of the outstanding shares of our
common stock voting in a stockholder meeting) cannot be amended without the approval of the holders of 65 of our common stock.
Our initial stockholders will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and will have
the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation previously provided that the Company would have until 18 months (i.e. until January 30, 2023), or 24 months (i.e
until July 30, 2024) if the Company had signed a definitive agreement with respect to an initial business combination within such
18-month period, from the closing of its initial public offering to complete a business combination. While the Company had been
in discussions with respect to a business combination, the Company s board of directors did not believe that there would
be sufficient time before January 30, 2023 to execute a definitive agreement for an initial business combination or to complete
an initial business combination before July 30, 2023 if the Company had executed a definitive agreement by January 30,
2023. As a result, on December 20, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders to approve an amendment to our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (the Extension Amendment ), extending the date by which the Company must
consummate a business combination from January 30, 2023 (or July 30, 2023 if the Company had executed a definitive agreement for
a business combination by January 30, 2023) to July 30, 2024 (the Extension Amendment Proposal ). The Extension
Amendment Proposal was described in more detail in the Company s definitive proxy statement, which was filed with the SEC
on November 30, 2022. At the Special Meeting, the Company s stockholders approved the Extension Amendment Proposal, and on
December 20, 2022, the Company filed the Extension Amendment with the Secretary of State of the State of Delaware. The Extension
Amendment extended the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from January 30, 2023 (or July 30, 2023
if the Company had executed a definitive agreement for a business combination by January 30, 2023) to July 30, 2024 (the date that
is 36 months from the closing date of the Company s initial public offering of units). 

On December 21, 2022, the Company filed
an amendment to the Company s amended and restated certificate of incorporation with the Secretary of State of the State
of Delaware (the Name Change Amendment to change its corporate name from Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. 
to SEP Acquisition Corp. (the Company Name Change ). Additionally, the board of directors of the Company
amended the Company s Bylaws to reflect the Company Name Change. 

As amended, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides, among other things, that: 

if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing
of the Company s initial public offering, we will (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as
promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter subject to lawfully available funds therefor, redeem
100 of the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account
including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income
taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account (less up to 100,000 of interest released to us to
pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely
extinguish public stockholders rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions,
if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval
of our remaining stockholders and our board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under
Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law; 

5 

PART I 

prior to our initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock
that would entitle the holders thereof to (i) receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination; 

although we do not intend to enter into a business combination with a target business that is affiliated
with our sponsor, our directors or our officers, we are not prohibited from doing so. In the event we enter into such a transaction,
we, or a committee of independent directors, will obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm that is a member
of FINRA or an independent accounting firm that such a business combination is fair to our company from a financial point of view; 

if a stockholder vote on our initial business combination is not required by law and we do not
decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons, we will offer to redeem our public shares pursuant to Rule
13e-4 and Regulation 14E of the Exchange Act, and will file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing our initial
business combination which contain substantially the same financial and other information about our initial business combination
and the redemption rights as is required under Regulation 14A of the Exchange Act; 

our initial business combination must occur with one or more target businesses that together have
an aggregate fair market value of at least 80 of our net assets held in the trust account (net of amounts disbursed to management
for working capital purposes and excluding the deferred underwriting commissions held in the trust account) at the time of the
agreement to enter into the initial business combination; 

if our stockholders approve an amendment to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
(A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination
or redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of
the Company s initial public offering or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or
pre-initial business combination activity, we will provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion
of their shares of Class A common stock upon such approval at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount
then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust account and not previously released
to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account, divided by
the number of then issued and outstanding public shares; and 

we will not complete our initial business combination with another blank check company or a similar
company with nominal operations. 

In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that under no circumstances will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible
assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business combination. 

Share Redemptions 

In connection with the Extension Proposal,
the Company was required to permit public stockholders to redeem their shares of the Company s Class A common stock. Of the
18,041,500 shares of the Company s Class A common stock outstanding, the holders of 16,737,241 shares of the Company s
Class A common stock elected to redeem their shares at a per share redemption price of approximately 10.22. As a result, the Company
transferred cash in the amount of 185.0 million to the Trustee, of which approximately 171.1 million was designated to pay such
holders who had elected to redeem their shares in connection with the Extension Proposal. As of December 31, 2022, 162.0 million
had been paid to the redeeming stockholders and approximately 22.5 million remained in restricted cash, 9.1 million of which
was subsequently paid to such holders who elected to redeem their shares. Following the redemptions, the Company had 1,304,259
shares of the Company s Class A common stock outstanding and approximately 13.3 million remained in the Trust Account (i.e.
approximately 10.22 per share of the Company s Class A common stock). 

Competition 

In identifying, evaluating and selecting
a target business for our initial business combination, we may encounter intense competition from other entities having a business
objective similar to ours, including other blank check companies, private equity groups and leveraged buyout funds, and operating
businesses seeking strategic acquisitions. Many of these entities are well established and have extensive experience identifying
and effecting business combinations directly or through affiliates. Moreover, many of these competitors possess greater financial,
technical, human and other resources than we do. Our ability to acquire larger target businesses will be limited by our available
financial resources. This inherent limitation gives others an advantage in pursuing the acquisition of a target business. Furthermore,
our obligation to pay cash in connection with our public stockholders who exercise their redemption rights may reduce the resources
available to us for our initial business combination and our outstanding warrants, and the future dilution they potentially represent,
may not be viewed favorably by certain target businesses. Either of these factors may place us at a competitive disadvantage in
successfully negotiating an initial business combination. 

6 

PART I 

Indemnity 

Our sponsor has agreed that it will be
liable to us if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other than our independent auditors) for services rendered or products
sold to us, or a prospective target business with which we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount
of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust
account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account, due to reductions in value of the trust assets, in each case net
of the amount of interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account,
except as to any claims by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except
as to any claims under our indemnity of the underwriter of this offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under
the Securities Act. In the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor
will not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims We have not independently verified whether our
sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. 

Facilities 

Our executive offices are located at 3737
Buffalo Speedway, Suite 1750, Houston, Texas 77098, and our telephone number is (713) 715-6820. Commencing on July 27, 2021, we
have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and administrative support. Upon completion
of our initial business combination or our liquidation, we will cease paying these monthly fees. We consider our current office
space adequate for our current operations. 

Employees 

We currently have four officers and do
not intend to have any full-time employees prior to the completion of our initial business combination. Members of our management
team are not obligated to devote any specific number of hours to our matters but they intend to devote as much of their time as
they deem necessary to our affairs until we have completed our initial business combination. The amount of time that any such person
will devote in any time period will vary based on whether a target business has been selected for our initial business combination
and the current stage of the business combination process. 

Periodic Reporting and Financial Information 

We have registered our units, Class A common
stock and warrants under the Exchange Act and have reporting obligations, including the requirement that we file annual, quarterly
and current reports with the SEC. In accordance with the requirements of the Exchange Act, this Annual Report contains financial
statements audited and reported on by our independent registered public accountants. 

We will provide stockholders with audited financial statements
of the prospective target business as part of the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials sent to stockholders to
assist them in assessing the target business. In all likelihood, these financial statements will need to be prepared in accordance
with Generally Accepted Accounting Principles GAAP ). We cannot assure you that any particular target business selected
by us as a potential acquisition candidate will have financial statements prepared in accordance with GAAP or that the potential
target business will be able to prepare its financial statements in accordance with GAAP. To the extent that this requirement cannot
be met, we may not be able to acquire the proposed target business. While this may limit the pool of potential acquisition candidates,
we do not believe that this limitation will be material. 

We are required to evaluate our internal
control procedures for the fiscal year ending December 31, 2022 as required by the Sarbanes-Oxley Act. Only in the event we are
deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required to have our internal control procedures audited.
A target company may not be in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of their internal controls.
The development of the internal controls of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the
time and costs necessary to complete any such acquisition. 

Item 1A. Risk Factors. 

An investment in our securities involves
a high degree of risk. You should consider carefully all of the risks described below, together with the other information contained
in this Annual Report. If any of the following events occur, our business, financial condition and operating results may be materially
adversely affected. In that event, the trading price of our securities could decline, and you could lose all or part of your investment. 

7 

PART I 

Risk Factor Summary 

Risks Relating to our Search for,
and Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

a. We are a newly formed company with no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis
on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

b. 
 In connection with the Company s assessment of going concern, management has determined that conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through approximately one year from the date the financial statements are issued. 

c. 
 Our management has concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to a material weakness related to accounting for complex financial instruments. 

d. Our public stockholders may not be afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination,
which means we may complete our initial business combination even though holders of a majority of our common stock do not support
such a combination. 

e. Your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination
will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the
business combination. 

f. The ability of our public stockholders to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition
unattractive to potential business combination targets, which may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination
with a target. 

g. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number
of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business combination or optimize our capital structure. 

h. The ability of our public stockholders to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number
of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have
to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

i. We may not be able to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame,
in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate,
in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.10 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and
our warrants will expire worthless. 

j. You will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain
limited circumstances. To liquidate your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially
at a loss. 

k. If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced
and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share. 

l. We may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive
officers. 

m. If we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required
to institute burdensome compliance requirements and our activities would be severely restricted and, as a result, we may be forced
to abandon our efforts to complete a business combination and instead be required to liquidate the company. 

n. Changes in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely
affect our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, investments and results
of operations. 

o. Our stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions
received by them upon redemption of their shares. 

p. Because we are not limited to a particular industry, sector, geography or any specific target businesses
with which to pursue our initial business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target
business operations. 

q. Past performance by our management team, including investments and transactions in which they have
participated and businesses with which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment
in us, and we may be unable to provide positive returns to shareholders. 

r. We may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business
or an entity lacking an established record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty
in retaining key personnel. 

8 

PART I 

s. We may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships
with entities that may be affiliated with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts
of interest. 

t. In order to complete our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation or other governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will make it easier
for us to complete our initial business combination but that our stockholders or warrant holders may not support. 

u. We may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or
to fund the operations and growth of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

v. Our initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote,
potentially in a manner that you do not support. 

w. We may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant
operational improvements, which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

Risks Relating to the Post-Business
Combination Company 

a. We may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as
a result, may complete our initial business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications
or abilities to manage a public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment
in us. 

b. We may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous
to you, thereby making your warrants worthless. 

Risks Relating to Acquiring and Operating
a Business in Foreign Countries 

a. If we complete our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities
outside of the United States, we would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

b. Exchange rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to
succeed in the international markets to be diminished. 

Risks Relating to our Management
Team 

a. Members of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target
business in connection with a particular business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following
our initial business combination and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular
business combination is the most advantageous. 

b. Our ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter
will be totally dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team, some of whom may not join us following our initial
business combination. The loss of such people could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. 

c. Our officers and directors may allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts
of interest in their determination as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative
impact on our ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Risks Relating to our Search for, and
Consummation of or Inability to Consummate, a Business Combination 

We are a newly formed company with
no operating history and no revenues, and you have no basis on which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective. 

Because we lack an operating history, you
have no basis upon which to evaluate our ability to achieve our business objective of completing our initial business combination
with one or more target businesses. Although we have been in discussions with respect to a business combination, we have no formal
plans, arrangements or understandings with any prospective target business concerning a business combination and may be unable
to complete our initial business combination. If we fail to complete our initial business combination, we will never generate any
operating revenues. 

9 

PART I 

In connection with the Company s
assessment of going concern, management has determined that conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability
to continue as a going concern through approximately one year from the date the financial statements are issued. 

As of December 31, 2022, we had cash held
outside of the Trust Account of 1,343,809 and a working capital deficit of 9,221,425. Further, we have incurred and expect to
continue to incur significant costs in pursuit of an initial business combination. We cannot assure you that our plans to raise
capital or to consummate an initial business combination will be successful. These factors, among others, raise substantial doubt
about our ability to continue as a going concern. The financial statements contained elsewhere in this Report do not include any
adjustments that might result from our inability to continue as a going concern. 

Our management has concluded that our disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting were not effective as of December 31, 2022 due to a material weakness
related to accounting for complex financial instruments. If we are unable to maintain an effective system of disclosure controls
and procedures and internal control over financial reporting, we may not be able to accurately report our financial results in
a timely manner, which may adversely affect investor confidence in us and materially and adversely affect our business and financial
results. 

We concluded that it was appropriate to restate our balance
sheet as of July 30, 2021 attached to our Form 8-Ks as Exhibit 99.1 filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021 and August 26, 2021, respectively.
As a part of such process, we identified a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting, solely related to
our accounting for complex financial instruments. 

A material weakness is a deficiency, or a combination of deficiencies,
in internal control over financial reporting such that there is a reasonable possibility that a material misstatement of our annual
or interim financial statements will not be prevented, or detected and corrected on a timely basis. Effective internal controls
are necessary for us to provide reliable financial reports and prevent fraud. Management has enhanced our processes to identify
and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and understand the nuances of the complex accounting
standards that apply to our financial statements. Our updated processes include providing enhanced access to accounting literature,
research materials and documents and increased communication among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult
regarding complex accounting applications. The elements of our remediation plan can only be accomplished over time, and we can
offer no assurance that these initiatives will ultimately have the intended effects. 

If we identify any new material weaknesses in the future, any
such newly identified material weakness could limit our ability to prevent or detect a misstatement of our accounts or disclosures
that could result in a material misstatement of our annual or interim financial statements. In such case, we may be unable to maintain
compliance with securities law requirements regarding timely filing of periodic reports in addition to applicable stock exchange
listing requirements, investors may lose confidence in our financial reporting and our stock price may decline as a result. We
cannot assure you that the measures we have taken to date, or any measures we may take in the future, will be sufficient to avoid
potential future material weaknesses. 

Our public stockholders may not be
afforded an opportunity to vote on our proposed business combination, which means we may complete our initial business combination
even though holders of a majority of our common stock do not support such a combination. 

We may not hold a stockholder vote to approve
our initial business combination unless the business combination would require stockholder approval under applicable law or stock
exchange listing requirements or if we decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other legal reasons. For instance, Nasdaq
rules currently allow us to engage in a tender offer in lieu of a stockholder meeting, but would still require us to obtain stockholder
approval if we were seeking to issue more than 20 of our issued and outstanding common stock to a target business as consideration
in any business combination. Therefore, if we were structuring a business combination that required us to issue more than 20 of
our issued and outstanding common stock, we would seek stockholder approval of such business combination. Except as required by
law, the decision as to whether we will seek stockholder approval of a proposed business combination or will allow stockholders
to sell their shares to us in a tender offer will be made by us, solely in our discretion, and will be based on a variety of factors,
such as the timing of the transaction and whether the terms of the transaction would otherwise require us to seek stockholder approval.
Accordingly, we may complete our initial business combination even if holders of a majority of our common stock do not approve
of the business combination we complete. 

If we seek stockholder approval of
our initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote in favor of such initial business combination, regardless
of how our public stockholders vote. 

Unlike many other blank check companies
in which the initial stockholders agree to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes cast by the public
stockholders in connection with an initial business combination, our initial stockholders have agreed to vote their founder shares,
as well as any public shares purchased, in favor of our initial business combination. As a result, in addition to our initial stockholder s
founder shares, we would need 6,765,563 or 37.5 , of the 18,041,500 public shares sold in the initial public offering and the shares
sold with the exercise of the over-allotment option to be voted in favor of a transaction in order to have our initial business
combination approved. Our founders own shares representing 20 of our outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, if we seek
stockholder approval of our initial business combination, it is more likely that the necessary stockholder approval will be received
than would be the case if our initial stockholders agreed to vote their founder shares in accordance with the majority of the votes
cast by our public stockholders. 

Your only opportunity to affect the
investment decision regarding a potential business combination will be limited to the exercise of your right to redeem your shares
from us for cash, unless we seek stockholder approval of the business combination. 

At the time of your investment in us, you
will not be provided with an opportunity to evaluate the specific merits or risks of one or more target businesses. Since our board
of directors may complete a business combination without seeking stockholder approval, public stockholders may not have the right
or opportunity to vote on the business combination, unless we seek such stockholder vote. Accordingly, if we do not seek stockholder
approval, your only opportunity to affect the investment decision regarding a potential business combination may be limited to
exercising your redemption rights within the period of time (which will be at least 20 business days) set forth in our tender offer
documents mailed to our public stockholders in which we describe our initial business combination. 

The ability of our public stockholders
to redeem their shares for cash may make our financial condition unattractive to potential business combination targets, which
may make it difficult for us to enter into a business combination with a target. 

We may seek to enter into a business combination
transaction agreement with a prospective target that requires as a closing condition that we have a minimum net worth or a certain
amount of cash. If too many public stockholders exercise their redemption rights, we would not be able to meet such closing condition
and, as a result, would not be able to proceed with the business combination. Furthermore, in no event will we redeem our public
shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our initial business
combination (so that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules) or any greater net tangible asset or
cash requirement that may be contained in the agreement relating to our initial business combination. Consequently, if accepting
all properly submitted redemption requests would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion of our
initial business combination or such greater amount necessary to satisfy a closing condition as described above, we would not proceed
with such redemption and the related business combination and may instead search for an alternate business combination. Prospective
targets will be aware of these risks and, thus, may be reluctant to enter into a business combination transaction with us. 

10 

PART I 

The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares may not allow us to complete the most desirable business
combination or optimize our capital structure. 

At the time we enter into an agreement
for our initial business combination, we will not know how many public stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, and,
therefore, we will need to structure the transaction based on our expectations as to the number of shares that will be submitted
for redemption. If our initial business combination agreement requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to
pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount of cash at closing, we have reserved a portion of the cash in the
trust account to meet such requirements, or arrange for third party financing if necessary. In addition, if a larger number of
shares is submitted for redemption than we initially expected, we may need to restructure the transaction to reserve a greater
portion of the cash in the trust account or arrange for third party financing. Raising additional third party financing may involve
dilutive equity issuances or the incurrence of indebtedness at higher than desirable levels. The above considerations may limit
our ability to complete the most desirable business combination available to us or optimize our capital structure. The amount of
the deferred underwriting commissions payable to the underwriter will not be adjusted for any shares that are redeemed in connection
with a business combination and such amount of the deferred underwriting commissions is not available for us to use as consideration
in an initial business combination. The per-share amount we will distribute to stockholders who properly exercise their redemption
rights will not be reduced by the deferred underwriting commissions and after such redemptions, the per-share value of shares held
by non-redeeming stockholders will reflect our obligation to pay the deferred underwriting commissions. 

The ability of our public stockholders
to exercise redemption rights with respect to a large number of our shares could increase the probability that our initial business
combination would be unsuccessful and that you would have to wait for liquidation in order to redeem your stock. 

If our initial business combination agreement
requires us to use a portion of the cash in the trust account to pay the purchase price, or requires us to have a minimum amount
of cash at closing, the probability that our initial business combination would be unsuccessful is increased. If our initial business
combination is unsuccessful, you would not receive your pro rata portion of the trust account until we liquidate the trust account.
If you are in need of immediate liquidity, you could attempt to sell your stock in the open market; however, at such time our stock
may trade at a discount to the pro rata amount per share in the trust account. In either situation, you may suffer a material loss
on your investment or lose the benefit of funds expected in connection with our redemption until we liquidate or you are able to
sell your stock in the open market. 

As the number of special purpose
acquisition companies evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for
attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to
find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In recent years, the number of special
purpose acquisition companies that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for special purpose acquisition
companies have already entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many special purpose acquisition companies
seeking targets for their initial business combination, as well as many such companies currently in registration. As a result,
at times, fewer attractive targets may be available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a
suitable target and to consummate an initial business combination. In addition, because there are more special purpose acquisition
companies seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition for available targets with
attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand improved financial terms.
Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns, geopolitical tensions,
or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets post-business combination.
This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and consummate an initial business
combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms favorable to our investors
altogether. 

The requirement that we complete
our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame may give potential target businesses leverage over us in negotiating
a business combination and may limit our ability to conduct due diligence on potential business combination targets as we approach
our dissolution deadline, which could undermine our ability to complete our initial business combination on terms that would produce
value for our stockholders. 

Any potential target business with which
we enter into negotiations concerning a business combination will be aware that we must complete our initial business combination
within 36 months from the closing of the initial public offering. Consequently, such target business may obtain leverage over us
in negotiating a business combination, knowing that if we do not complete our initial business combination with that particular
target business, we may be unable to complete our initial business combination with any target business. This risk will increase
as we get closer to the timeframe described above. In addition, we may have limited time to conduct due diligence and may enter
into our initial business combination on terms that we would have rejected upon a more comprehensive investigation. 

11 

PART I 

We may not be able to complete our
initial business combination within the prescribed time frame, in which case we would cease all operations except for the purpose
of winding up and we would redeem our public shares and liquidate, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.10
per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that we must complete our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of the initial
public offering. We may not be able to find a suitable target business and complete our initial business combination within such
time period. Our ability to complete our initial business combination may be negatively impacted by general market conditions,
volatility in the capital and debt markets and the other risks described herein. If we have not completed our initial business
combination within such time period, we will: (i) cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, (ii) as promptly as
reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, redeem the public shares, at a per-share price, payable in
cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account, including interest earned on the funds held in the trust
account and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration
of the trust account (less up to 100,000 of interest released to us to pay dissolution expenses), divided by the number
of then issued and outstanding public shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders rights as
stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law, and (iii) as
promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of our remaining stockholders and our board
of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to our obligations under Delaware law to provide for claims of creditors
and the requirements of other applicable law. In such case, our public stockholders may only receive 10.10 per share, and our
warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share on the
redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other
risk factors in this section. 

If we seek stockholder approval of
our initial business combination, our founder, directors, officers, advisors and their affiliates may elect to purchase shares
or public warrants from public stockholders or public warrant holders, which may influence a vote on a proposed business combination
and reduce the public float of our Class A common stock. 

If we seek stockholder approval of our
initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to
the tender offer rules, our founder, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates may purchase public shares or public warrants
or a combination thereof in privately negotiated transactions or in the open market either prior to or following the completion
of our initial business combination, although they are under no obligation to do so. Such a purchase may include a contractual
acknowledgement that such stockholder, although still the record holder of our shares is no longer the beneficial owner thereof
and therefore agrees not to exercise its redemption rights. There is no limit on the number of shares our founder, directors, officers,
advisors or their affiliates may purchase in such transactions, subject to compliance with applicable law and Nasdaq rules. However,
other than as expressly stated herein, they have no current commitments, plans or intentions to engage in such transactions and
have not formulated any terms or conditions for any such transactions. None of the funds in the trust account will be used to purchase
shares or public warrants in such transactions. In the event that our founder, directors, officers, advisors or their affiliates
purchase shares in privately negotiated transactions from public stockholders who have already elected to exercise their redemption
rights, such selling stockholders would be required to revoke their prior elections to redeem their shares. The purpose of such
purchases could be to vote such shares in favor of the business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder
approval of the business combination, or to satisfy a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have
a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such
requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of any such purchases of shares could be to vote such shares in favor of the
business combination and thereby increase the likelihood of obtaining stockholder approval of the business combination or to satisfy
a closing condition in an agreement with a target that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash at the
closing of our initial business combination, where it appears that such requirement would otherwise not be met. The purpose of
any such purchases of public warrants could be to reduce the number of public warrants outstanding or to vote such warrants on
any matters submitted to the warrant holders for approval in connection with our initial business combination. Any such purchases
of our securities may result in the completion of our initial business combination that may not otherwise have been possible. Any
such purchases will be reported pursuant to Section 13 and Section 16 of the Exchange Act to the extent the purchasers are subject
to such reporting requirements. 

12 

PART I 

In
addition, if such purchases are made, the public float of our Class A common stock and the number of beneficial
holders of our securities may be reduced, possibly making it difficult to obtain or maintain the quotation, listing or trading
of our securities on a national securities exchange. 

If
a stockholder fails to receive notice of our offer to redeem our public shares in connection with our initial business combination,
or fails to comply with the procedures for tendering its shares, such shares may not be redeemed. 

We
will comply with the tender offer rules or proxy rules, as applicable, when conducting redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination. Despite our compliance with these rules, if a stockholder fails to receive our tender offer or proxy materials,
as applicable, such stockholder may not become aware of the opportunity to redeem its shares. In addition, the tender offer documents
or proxy materials, as applicable, that we will furnish to holders of our public shares in connection with our initial business
combination will describe the various procedures that must be complied with in order to validly tender or redeem public shares.
For example, we may require our public stockholders seeking to exercise their redemption rights, whether they are record holders
or hold their shares in street name, to either tender their certificates to our transfer agent prior to the date
set forth in the tender offer documents or proxy materials mailed to such holders, or up to two business days prior to the vote
on the proposal to approve the business combination in the event we distribute proxy materials, or to deliver their shares to
the transfer agent electronically. In the event that a stockholder fails to comply with these or any other procedures, its shares
may not be redeemed. 

You
will not have any rights or interests in funds from the trust account, except under certain limited circumstances. To liquidate
your investment, therefore, you may be forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Our
public stockholders will be entitled to receive funds from the trust account only upon the earliest to occur of: (i) our completion
of an initial business combination, and then only in connection with those shares of our common stock that such stockholder properly
elected to redeem, subject to the limitations described in this Report, (ii) the redemption of any public shares properly submitted
in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance
or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or redeem 100 of our public
shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of the initial public offering
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity
and (iii) the redemption of our public shares if we are unable to complete an initial business combination within 36 months from
the closing the initial business combination, subject to applicable law and as further described herein. In addition, if we are
unable to complete an initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of the initial public offering for any reason,
compliance with Delaware law may require that we submit a plan of dissolution to our then-existing stockholders for approval prior
to the distribution of the proceeds held in our trust account. In that case, public stockholders may be forced to wait beyond
36 months from the closing of the initial public offering before they receive funds from our trust account. In no other circumstances
will a public stockholder have any right or interest of any kind in the trust account. Holders of warrants will not have any right
to the proceeds held in the trust account with respect to the warrants. Accordingly, to liquidate your investment, you may be
forced to sell your public shares or warrants, potentially at a loss. 

Nasdaq
may delist our securities from trading on its exchange, which could limit investors ability to make transactions in our
securities and subject us to additional trading restrictions. 

We
have been approved to list our units on Nasdaq and our Class A common stock and warrants were listed on or promptly after their
date of separation. We cannot assure you that our securities will be, or will continue to be, listed on Nasdaq in the future or
prior to our initial business combination. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business
combination, we must maintain certain financial, distribution and stock price levels. 

On January 22, 2023, we received a
written notice from the Listing Qualifications Department of Nasdaq indicating that we were not in compliance with Listing Rule
5550(a)(4), due to our failure to meet the minimum 500,000 publicly held shares requirement for continued listing on the Nasdaq
Capital Market. On February 9, 2023, we submitted to Nasdaq a plan to regain compliance with Listing Rule 5550(a)(4), pursuant
to which the Company s Chairman, Mr. Blair Garrou, agreed to sell 80,000 of the shares of Class A Common Stock he was deemed
to beneficially own through Mercury Houston Partners, LLC and Mercury Affiliates XI, LLC by means of private sales to unaffiliated
buyers. After the private sales of 80,000 shares of Class A common stock to unaffiliated buyers, we have 509,259 publicly held
shares as defined in Listing Rule 5001(a)(35) of the Nasdaq Rules. Based on our submission, we received a letter on February 27,
2023, in which the Nasdaq staff determined to grant us an extension of time to regain compliance with the Listing Rule 5550(a)(4).
Under the terms of the extension, we must file with the SEC and Nasdaq a public document containing our current total shares outstanding
and a beneficial ownership table in accordance with SEC proxy rules on or before March 31, 2023, which we have complied with by
virtue of filing the beneficial ownership table in Item 12 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

11 

PART
I 

Additionally, in connection with our initial
business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements, which are
more rigorous than Nasdaq s continued listing requirements, in order to continue to maintain the listing of our securities
on Nasdaq. In order to continue listing our securities on Nasdaq prior to our initial business combination, we must maintain certain
financial, distribution and stock price levels. Generally, we must maintain a minimum amount in stockholders equity (generally
 2,500,000) and a minimum number of holders of our securities (generally 300 public holders). Further, in connection with our initial
business combination, we will be required to demonstrate compliance with Nasdaq s initial listing requirements. For instance,
our stock price would generally be required to be at least 4.00 per share and our stockholders equity would generally be
required to be at least 5.0 million. Further, recent Nasdaq rules changes that went into effect in August 2019 may make it more
difficult to maintain our listing after our business combination. Under these new rules, restricted securities, including those
subject to a contractual lock-up, will not count toward the 5.0 million stockholder equity minimum. Additionally, we would be
required to have a minimum of 300 round lot holders (with at least 50 of such round lot holders holding securities with a market
value of at least 2,500) of our securities. We cannot assure you that we will be able to meet those initial listing requirements
at that time. 

If
Nasdaq delists our securities from trading on its exchange and we are not able to list our securities on another national securities
exchange, we expect our securities could be quoted on an over-the-counter market. If this were to occur, we could face significant
material adverse consequences, including: 

a
 limited availability of market quotations for our securities; 

reduced
 liquidity for our securities; 

a
 determination that our Class A common stock is a penny stock which will
 require brokers trading in our Class A common stock to adhere to more stringent rules
 and possibly result in a reduced level of trading activity in the secondary trading market
 for our securities; 

a
 limited amount of news and analyst coverage; and 

a
 decreased ability to issue additional securities or obtain additional financing in the
 future. 

The
National Securities Markets Improvement Act of 1996, which is a federal statute, prevents or preempts the states from regulating
the sale of certain securities, which are referred to as covered securities. Because we expect that our units and
eventually our Class A common stock and warrants will be listed on Nasdaq, our units, Class A common stock and warrants will be
covered securities. Although the states are preempted from regulating the sale of our securities, the federal statute does allow
the states to investigate companies if there is a suspicion of fraud, and, if there is a finding of fraudulent activity, then
the states can regulate or bar the sale of covered securities in a particular case. While we are not aware of a state having used
these powers to prohibit or restrict the sale of securities issued by blank check companies, other than the State of Idaho, certain
state securities regulators view blank check companies unfavorably and might use these powers, or threaten to use these powers,
to hinder the sale of securities of blank check companies in their states. Further, if we were no longer listed on Nasdaq, our
securities would not be covered securities and we would be subject to regulation in each state in which we offer our securities. 

Since
only holders of our founder shares will have the right to vote on the election of directors prior to our initial business combination,
Nasdaq may consider us to be a controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s rules and, as a result, we
may qualify for exemptions from certain corporate governance requirements that would otherwise provide protection to stockholders
of other companies. 

Only
holders of our founder shares have the right to vote on the election of directors. As a result, Nasdaq may consider us to be a
 controlled company within the meaning of Nasdaq s corporate governance standards. Under Nasdaq corporate governance
standards, a company of which more than 50 of the voting power for the election of directors is held by an individual, a group
or another company is a controlled company and may elect not to comply with certain corporate governance requirements,
including the requirements that: 

we
 have a board of directors that includes a majority of independent directors, 
 as defined under Nasdaq rules; 

we
 have a compensation committee of our board of directors that is comprised entirely of
 independent directors with a written charter addressing the committee s purpose
 and responsibilities; and 

we
 have independent director oversight of our director nominations. 

We
do not intend to utilize these exemptions and intend to comply with the corporate governance requirements of Nasdaq, subject to
applicable phase-in rules. However, if we determine in the future to utilize some or all of these exemptions, you will not have
the same protections afforded to stockholders of companies that are subject to all of Nasdaq s corporate governance requirements. 

12 

PART
I 

You
will not be entitled to protections normally afforded to investors of many other blank check companies. 

Since the net proceeds of the initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants are intended to be used to complete an initial business combination with
a target business that has not been selected, we may be deemed to be a blank check company under the United States
securities laws. However, because we had net tangible assets in excess of 5,000,000 since the completion of the initial public
offering and the sale of the private placement warrants and will file a Current Report on Form 8-K, including an audited balance
sheet of the company demonstrating this fact, we are exempt from rules promulgated by the SEC to protect investors in blank check
companies, such as Rule 419. Accordingly, investors will not be afforded the benefits or protections of those rules. Among other
things, this means our units will be immediately tradable and we will have a longer period of time to complete our initial business
combination than do companies subject to Rule 419. Moreover, if the initial public offering were subject to Rule 419, that rule
would prohibit the release of any interest earned on funds held in the trust account to us unless and until the funds in the trust
account were released to us in connection with our completion of an initial business combination. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer
rules, and if you or a group of stockholders are deemed to hold in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock, you
will lose the ability to redeem all such shares in excess of 15 of our Class A common stock. 

If
we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination and we do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial
business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that a
public stockholder, together with any affiliate of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in
concert or as a group (as defined under Section 13 of the Exchange Act), will be restricted from seeking redemption
rights with respect to more than an aggregate of 15 of the shares sold in the initial public offering, which we refer to as the
 Excess Shares. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not restrict our stockholders 
ability to vote all of their shares (including Excess Shares) for or against our initial business combination. Your inability
to redeem the Excess Shares will reduce your influence over our ability to complete our initial business combination and you could
suffer a material loss on your investment in us if you sell Excess Shares in open market transactions. Additionally, you will
not receive redemption distributions with respect to the Excess Shares if we complete our initial business combination. As a result,
you will continue to hold that number of shares exceeding 15 and, in order to dispose of such shares, would be required to sell
your stock in open market transactions, potentially at a loss. 

Our search for a business combination,
and any target business with which we ultimately consummate a business combination, may be materially adversely affected by national
and global events (such as the COVID-19 pandemic, the hostilities between Ukraine and Russia, increased inflation, rising interest
rates, supply chain disruptions, the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and New York Signature Bank) and the status of debt and equity
markets. 

National and global events (such as such
as the COVID-19 pandemic, the hostilities between Ukraine and Russia, increased inflation, rising interest rates, supply chain
disruptions, the closures of Silicon Valley Bank and New York Signature Bank) have and may continue to adversely affect the economies
and financial markets worldwide, and the business of any potential target business with which we consummate a business combination
could be materially and adversely affected. The extent to which matters of global concern impact our search for a business
combination will depend on future developments, which are highly uncertain and cannot be predicted. 

In addition, our ability to consummate
a transaction may be dependent on the ability to raise equity and debt financing which may be impacted by the national and global
events described above. Such events could also have a material adverse effect on our ability to raise adequate financing, including
as a result of increased market volatility, decreased market liquidity and third-party financing being unavailable on terms acceptable
to us or at all. 

13 

PART
I 

If
the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account
are insufficient to allow us to operate for at least 36 months following the closing of the initial public offering, we may be
unable to complete our initial business combination, in which case our public stockholders may only receive 10.10 per share (or
up to 10.10 per share, if applicable), or less than such amount in certain circumstances, and our warrants will expire worthless. 

The funds available to us outside of the
trust account may not be sufficient to allow us to operate for at least the next 36 months following the closing of the initial
public offering, assuming that our initial business combination is not completed during that time. Of the funds available to us,
we could use a portion of the funds available to us to pay fees to consultants to assist us with our search for a target business.
We could also use a portion of the funds as a down payment or to fund a no-shop provision (a provision in letters
of intent or merger agreements designed to keep target businesses from shopping around for transactions with other
companies on terms more favorable to such target businesses) with respect to a particular proposed business combination, although
we do not have any current intention to do so. If we entered into a letter of intent or merger agreement where we paid for the
right to receive exclusivity from a target business and were subsequently required to forfeit such funds (whether as a result of
our breach or otherwise), we might not have sufficient funds to continue searching for, or conduct due diligence with respect to,
a target business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public stockholders may receive only approximately
 10.10 per share (or up to 10.20 per share, if applicable) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire
worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.00 per share upon our liquidation. See If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors in this section. 

If
the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants not being held in the trust account
are insufficient, it could limit the amount available to fund our search for a target business or businesses and complete our
initial business combination and we will depend on loans from our sponsor or management team to fund our search for a business
combination, to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the administration of the trust account and
to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to obtain these loans, we may be unable to complete our initial
business combination. 

Of
the net proceeds of the initial public offering and the sale of the private placement warrants, only approximately 1,750,000
will be available to us initially outside the trust account to fund our working capital requirements. In the event that our offering
expenses exceed our estimate of 850,000, we may fund such excess with funds not to be held in the trust account. In such case,
the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the trust account would decrease by a corresponding amount. Conversely, in the
event that the offering expenses are less than our estimate of 850,000, the amount of funds we intend to be held outside the
trust account would increase by a corresponding amount. If we are required to seek additional capital, we would need to withdraw
interest from the trust account and/or borrow funds from our sponsor, management team or other third parties to operate, or we
may be forced to liquidate. None of our sponsor, members of our management team nor any of their affiliates is under any obligation
to advance funds to us in such circumstances. Any such advances would be repaid only from funds held outside the trust account
or from funds released to us upon completion of our initial business combination. We do not expect to seek loans from parties
other than our sponsor or an affiliate of our sponsor as we do not believe third parties will be willing to loan such funds and
provide a waiver against any and all rights to seek access to funds in our trust account. If we are unable to obtain these loans,
we may be unable to complete our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination because
we do not have sufficient funds available to us, we will be forced to cease operations and liquidate the trust account. Consequently,
our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.10 per share on our redemption of our public shares, and our warrants
will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share on the redemption
of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced
and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors in
this section. 

If
third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount
received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share. 

Our
placing of funds in the trust account may not protect those funds from third-party claims against us. Although we will seek to
have all vendors, service providers (other than our independent auditors), prospective target businesses or other entities with
which we do business execute agreements with us waiving any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies held
in the trust account for the benefit of our public stockholders, such parties may not execute such agreements, or even if they
execute such agreements they may not be prevented from bringing claims against the trust account, including, but not limited to,
fraudulent inducement, breach of fiduciary responsibility or other similar claims, as well as claims challenging the enforceability
of the waiver, in each case in order to gain advantage with respect to a claim against our assets, including the funds held in
the trust account. If any third party refuses to execute an agreement waiving such claims to the monies held in the trust account,
our management will perform an analysis of the alternatives available to it and will only enter into an agreement with a third
party that has not executed a waiver if management believes that such third party s engagement would be significantly more
beneficial to us than any alternative. Making such a request of potential target businesses may make our acquisition proposal
less attractive to them and, to the extent prospective target businesses refuse to execute such a waiver, it may limit the field
of potential target businesses that we might pursue. 

14 

PART
I 

Examples
of possible instances where we may engage a third party that refuses to execute a waiver include the engagement of a third party
consultant whose particular expertise or skills are believed by management to be significantly superior to those of other consultants
that would agree to execute a waiver or in cases where management is unable to find a service provider willing to execute a waiver.
In addition, there is no guarantee that such entities will agree to waive any claims they may have in the future as a result of,
or arising out of, any negotiations, contracts or agreements with us and will not seek recourse against the trust account for
any reason. Upon redemption of our public shares, if we are unable to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
timeframe, or upon the exercise of a redemption right in connection with our initial business combination, we will be required
to provide for payment of claims of creditors that were not waived that may be brought against us within the 10 years following
redemption. Accordingly, the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders could be less than the 10.10 per share
initially held in the trust account, due to claims of such creditors. Our sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to us if and
to the extent any claims by a vendor for services rendered or products sold to us, or a prospective target business with which
we have discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the trust account to below (i) 10.10 per
public share or (ii) such lesser amount per public share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust
account due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes
as well as expenses relating to administration of the trust account. This liability will not apply with respect to any claims
by a third party who executed a waiver of any and all rights to seek access to the trust account and except as to any claims under
our indemnity of the underwriter of the initial public offering against certain liabilities, including liabilities under the Securities
Act. Moreover, in the event that an executed waiver is deemed to be unenforceable against a third party, then our sponsor will
not be responsible to the extent of any liability for such third party claims. We have not independently verified whether our
sponsor has sufficient funds to satisfy its indemnity obligations and believe that our sponsor s only assets are securities
of our company. We have not asked our sponsor to reserve for such indemnification obligations. Therefore, we cannot assure you
that our sponsor would be able to satisfy those obligations. As a result, if any such claims were successfully made against the
trust account, the funds available for our initial business combination and redemptions could be reduced to less than 10.10 per
public share. In such event, we may not be able to complete our initial business combination, and you would receive such lesser
amount per share in connection with any redemption of your public shares. None of our directors and officers will indemnify us
for claims by third parties including, without limitation, claims by vendors and prospective target businesses. 

Our
independent directors may decide not to enforce the indemnification obligations of our sponsor, resulting in a reduction in the
amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders. 

In
the event that the proceeds in the trust account are reduced below the lesser of (i) 10.10 per public share or (ii) such lesser
amount per share held in the trust account as of the date of the liquidation of the trust account due to reductions in the value
of the trust assets, in each case net of the interest which may be withdrawn to pay taxes as well as expenses relating to administration
of the trust account, and our sponsor asserts that it is unable to satisfy its obligations or that it has no indemnification obligations
related to a particular claim, our independent directors would determine whether to take legal action against our sponsor to enforce
its indemnification obligations. 

While
we currently expect that our independent directors would take legal action on our behalf against our sponsor to enforce its indemnification
obligations to us, it is possible that our independent directors in exercising their business judgment may choose not to do so
if, for example, the cost of such legal action is deemed by the independent directors to be too high relative to the amount recoverable
or if the independent directors determine that a favorable outcome is not likely. If our independent directors choose not to enforce
these indemnification obligations, the amount of funds in the trust account available for distribution to our public stockholders
may be reduced below 10.10 per share. 

We
may not have sufficient funds to satisfy indemnification claims of our directors and executive officers. 

We have agreed to indemnify our directors
and executive officers to the fullest extent permitted by law. However, our directors and executive officers have agreed to waive
any right, title, interest or claim of any kind in or to any monies in the trust account and to not seek recourse against the trust
account for any reason whatsoever. Accordingly, any indemnification provided will be able to be satisfied by us only if: (i) we
have sufficient funds outside of the trust account or (ii) we consummate an initial business combination. Our obligation to indemnify
our directors and executive officers may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors and executive officers
for breach of their fiduciary duties. These provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation
against our directors and executive officers, even though such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders.
Furthermore, a stockholder s investment may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage
awards against our directors and executive officers pursuant to these indemnification provisions. 

15 

PART
I 

The
securities in which we invest the funds held in the trust account could bear a negative rate of interest, which could reduce the
value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.10
per share. 

The proceeds held in the trust account
will be invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with a maturity of 185 days, which invest only in direct U.S. government
treasury obligations. While short-term U.S. government treasury obligations currently yield a positive rate of interest, they have
briefly yielded negative interest rates in recent years. Central banks in Europe and Japan pursued interest rates below zero in
recent years, and the Open Market Committee of the Federal Reserve has not ruled out the possibility that it may in the future
adopt similar policies in the United States. In the event that we are unable to complete our initial business combination or make
certain amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, our public stockholders are entitled to receive their
pro-rata share of the proceeds held in the trust account, plus any interest income, net of taxes paid or payable (less, in the
case we are unable to complete our initial business combination, 100,000 of interest). Negative interest rates could reduce the
value of the assets held in trust such that the per-share redemption amount received by public stockholders may be less than 10.10
per share. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, a bankruptcy court may seek to recover such proceeds, and we and
our board of directors may be exposed to claims of punitive damages. 

If,
after we distribute the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, any distributions received by stockholders could be viewed under
applicable debtor/creditor and/or bankruptcy laws as either a preferential transfer or a fraudulent conveyance. 
As a result, a bankruptcy court could seek to recover all amounts received by our stockholders. In addition, our board of directors
may be viewed as having breached its fiduciary duty to our creditors and/or having acted in bad faith, thereby exposing itself
and us to claims of punitive damages, by paying public stockholders from the trust account prior to addressing the claims of creditors. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the claims of creditors in such proceeding may have priority over
the claims of our stockholders and the per-share amount that would otherwise be received by our stockholders in connection with
our liquidation may be reduced. 

If,
before distributing the proceeds in the trust account to our public stockholders, we file a bankruptcy petition or an involuntary
bankruptcy petition is filed against us that is not dismissed, the proceeds held in the trust account could be subject to applicable
bankruptcy law, and may be included in our bankruptcy estate and subject to the claims of third parties with priority over the
claims of our stockholders. To the extent any bankruptcy claims deplete the trust account, the per-share amount that would otherwise
be received by our stockholders in connection with our liquidation may be reduced. 

The
SEC has recently issued proposed rules to regulate special purpose acquisition companies. Certain of the procedures that we, a
potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake in connection with such proposals may increase our
costs and the time needed to complete our business combination and may constrain the circumstances under which we could complete
a business combination. 

On March 30, 2022, the SEC issued
proposed rules (the SPAC Rule Proposals relating, among other items, to disclosures in SEC filings in connection
with business combination transactions between special purpose acquisition companies SPACs such as us and private
operating companies; the financial statement requirements applicable to transactions involving shell companies; the use of projections
in SEC filings in connection with proposed business combination transactions; the potential liability of certain participants in
proposed business combination transactions; and the extent to which SPACs could become subject to regulation under the Investment
Company Act, including a proposed rule that would provide SPACs a safe harbor from treatment as an investment company if they satisfy
certain conditions that limit a SPAC s duration, asset composition, business purpose and activities. The SPAC Rule Proposals
have not yet been adopted and may be adopted in the proposed form or in a different form that could impose additional regulatory
requirements on SPACs. Certain of the procedures that we, a potential business combination target, or others may determine to undertake
in connection with the SPAC Rule Proposals, or pursuant to the SEC s views expressed in the SPAC Rule Proposals, may increase
the costs of negotiating and completing a business combination and the time required to consummate a transaction, and may constrain
the circumstances under which we could complete a business combination. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, we may be required to institute burdensome compliance
requirements and our activities would be severely restricted and, as a result, we may be forced to abandon our efforts to complete
a business combination and instead be required to liquidate the company. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company under the Investment Company Act, our activities may be restricted, including: 

restrictions
 on the nature of our investments; and 

16 

PART
I 

restrictions
 on the issuance of securities, each of which may make it difficult for us to complete
 our initial business combination. 

In
addition, we may have imposed upon us burdensome requirements, including: 

registration
 as an investment company; 

adoption
 of a specific form of corporate structure; and 

reporting,
 record keeping, voting, proxy and disclosure requirements and other rules and regulations. 

The SPAC Rule Proposals sets forth, among
other matters, the circumstances in which a SPAC such as us could potentially be subject to the Investment Company Act and the
regulations thereunder. The SPAC Rule Proposals would provide a safe harbor for such companies from the definition of investment
company under Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act, provided that a SPAC satisfies certain criteria. To
comply with the duration limitation of the proposed safe harbor, a SPAC would have a limited time period to announce and complete
a de-SPAC transaction. Specifically, to comply with the safe harbor, the SPAC Rule Proposals would require a company to file a
report on Form 8-K announcing that it has entered into an agreement with a target company for an initial business combination no
later than 18 months after the effective date of the registration statement of its initial public offering (the IPO Registration Statement ).
The company would then be required to complete its initial business combination no later than 24 months after the effective date
of the IPO Registration Statement. 

There is currently uncertainty concerning
the applicability of the Investment Company Act to a SPAC, including a company like ours, that does not expect to enter into a
definitive agreement within 18 months after the effective date of its IPO Registration Statement and that does not expect to complete
its initial business combination within 24 months after such date. It is possible that a claim could be made that we have been
operating as an unregistered investment company. This risk may be increased if we continue to hold the funds in the trust account
in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations, rather than instructing the trustee to liquidate the securities in the trust
account and hold the funds in the trust account in cash. 

If
we are deemed to be an investment company and subject to compliance with and regulation under the Investment Company Act, our
activities would be severely restricted. In addition, we would be subject to additional burdensome regulatory requirements and
expenses for which we have not allotted funds. As a result, if we were deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the
Investment Company Act, we might be forced to abandon our efforts to complete a business combination and instead be required to
liquidate the company. If we are required to liquidate the company, our investors would not be able to realize the benefits of
owning stock in a successor operating business, including the potential appreciation in the value of our stock and warrants following
such a transaction, and our warrants would expire worthless. 

If
we instruct the trustee to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and instead to hold the funds in the trust account
in cash in order to seek to mitigate the risk that we could be deemed to be an investment company for purposes of the Investment
Company Act, we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account, which would reduce the
dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the company. 

The funds in the trust account have, since
the company s initial public offering, been held only in U.S. government treasury obligations with maturities of 185 days.
However, to mitigate the risk of us being deemed to be an unregistered investment company (including under the subjective test
of Section 3(a)(1)(A) of the Investment Company Act) and thus subject to regulation under the Investment Company Act, we may, at
any time, in our discretion, instruct Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, the trustee with respect to the trust account,
to liquidate the U.S. government treasury obligations held in the trust account and thereafter to hold all funds in the trust account
in cash until the earlier of consummation of our initial business combination or liquidation of the company. Following such liquidation,
we would likely receive minimal interest, if any, on the funds held in the trust account. However, interest previously earned on
the funds held in the trust account still may be released to us to pay our taxes, if any, and certain other expenses as permitted
under the trust agreement. As a result, any decision to liquidate the securities held in the trust account and thereafter to hold
all funds in the trust account in cash would reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption
or liquidation of the company. 

In addition, even prior to the 36 month
anniversary of the effective date of the IPO Registration Statement, we may be deemed to be an investment company. The longer that
the funds in the trust account are held in short-term U.S. government treasury obligations, even prior to the 36 month anniversary,
the greater the risk that we may be considered an unregistered investment company, in which case we may be required to liquidate
the company and redeem the public shares. Accordingly, we may determine, in our discretion, to liquidate the securities held in
the trust account at any time, even prior to the 36 month anniversary, and instead hold all funds in the trust account in cash,
which would further reduce the dollar amount our public stockholders would receive upon any redemption or liquidation of the company. 

17 

PART
I 

We
may not be able to complete a business combination with certain potential target companies if a proposed transaction with the
target company may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S. or foreign laws or regulations. 

Certain
acquisitions or business combinations may be subject to review or approval by regulatory authorities pursuant to certain U.S.
or foreign laws or regulations. In the event that such regulatory approval or clearance is not obtained, or the review process
is extended beyond the period of time that would permit a business combination to be consummated with us, we may not be able to
consummate a business combination with such target. 

Among other things, the U.S. Federal Communications
Act prohibits foreign individuals, governments, and corporations from owning more a specified percentage of the capital stock of
a broadcast, common carrier, or aeronautical radio station licensee. In addition, U.S. law currently restricts foreign ownership
of U.S. airlines. In the United States, certain mergers that may affect competition may require certain filings and review by the
Department of Justice and the Federal Trade Commission, and investments or acquisitions that may affect national security are subject
to review by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States CFIUS ). CFIUS is an interagency committee
authorized to review certain transactions involving foreign investment in the United States by foreign persons in order to determine
the effect of such transactions on the national security of the United States. Our sponsor is not controlled by any non-U.S. persons,
nor does our sponsor have substantial ties with any non-U.S. persons. 

Outside the United States, laws or regulations
may affect our ability to consummate a business combination with potential target companies incorporated or having business operations
in jurisdictions where national security considerations, involvement in regulated industries (including telecommunications), or
in businesses relating to a country s culture or heritage may be implicated. 

U.S.
and foreign regulators generally have the power to deny the ability of the parties to consummate a transaction or to condition
approval of a transaction on specified terms and conditions, which may not be acceptable to us or a target. In such event, we
may not be able to consummate a transaction with that potential target. 

As a result of these various restrictions,
the pool of potential targets with which we could complete a business combination may be limited and we may be adversely affected
in terms of competing with other SPACs which do not have similar ownership issues. Moreover, the process of government review could
be lengthy. Because we have only a limited time to complete our business combination, our failure to obtain any required approvals
within the requisite time period may require us to liquidate. This will also cause you to lose any potential investment opportunity
in a target company and the chance of realizing future gains on your investment through any price appreciation in the combined
company. 

Changes
in laws or regulations, or a failure to comply with any laws and regulations, may adversely affect our business, including our
ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, investments and results of operations. 

We
are subject to laws and regulations enacted by national, regional and local governments. In particular, we will be required to
comply with certain SEC and other legal requirements. Compliance with, and monitoring of, applicable laws and regulations may
be difficult, time consuming and costly. Those laws and regulations and their interpretation and application may also change from
time to time and those changes could have a material adverse effect on our business, investments and results of operations. In
addition, a failure to comply with applicable laws or regulations, as interpreted and applied, could have a material adverse effect
on our business, including our ability to negotiate and complete our initial business combination, investments and results of
operations. 

Our
stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties against us to the extent of distributions received by them upon redemption
of their shares. 

Under the General Corporation Law of the
State of Delaware (as amended from time to time, the DGCL ), stockholders may be held liable for claims by third parties
against a corporation to the extent of distributions received by them in a dissolution. The pro rata portion of our trust account
distributed to our public stockholders upon the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business
combination within the prescribed time period may be considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law. If a corporation
complies with certain procedures set forth in Section 280 of the DGCL intended to ensure that it makes reasonable provision for
all claims against it, including a 60-day notice period during which any third-party claims can be brought against the corporation,
a 90-day period during which the corporation may reject any claims brought, and an additional 150-day waiting period before any
liquidating distributions are made to stockholders, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is
limited to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and
any liability of the stockholder would be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. However, it is our intention to
redeem our public shares as soon as reasonably possible following the 36th month from the closing of the initial public offering
in the event we do not complete our initial business combination and, therefore, we do not intend to comply with the foregoing
procedures. 

18 

PART
I 

Because
we will not be complying with Section 280, Section 281(b) of the DGCL requires us to adopt a plan, based on facts known to us
at such time that will provide for our payment of all existing and pending claims or claims that may be potentially brought against
us within the 10 years following our dissolution. However, because we are a blank check company, rather than an operating company,
and our operations will be limited to searching for prospective target businesses to acquire, the only likely claims to arise
would be from our vendors (such as lawyers, investment bankers, etc.) or prospective target businesses. If our plan of distribution
complies with Section 281(b) of the DGCL, any liability of stockholders with respect to a liquidating distribution is limited
to the lesser of such stockholder s pro rata share of the claim or the amount distributed to the stockholder, and any liability
of the stockholder would likely be barred after the third anniversary of the dissolution. We cannot assure you that we will properly
assess all claims that may be potentially brought against us. As such, our stockholders could potentially be liable for any claims
to the extent of distributions received by them (but no more) and any liability of our stockholders may extend beyond the third
anniversary of such date. Furthermore, if the pro rata portion of our trust account distributed to our public stockholders upon
the redemption of our public shares in the event we do not complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time
frame is not considered a liquidating distribution under Delaware law and such redemption distribution is deemed to be unlawful,
then pursuant to Section 174 of the DGCL, the statute of limitations for claims of creditors could then be six years after the
unlawful redemption distribution, instead of three years, as in the case of a liquidating distribution. 

We
may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders until after the consummation of our initial business combination, which could delay
the opportunity for our stockholders to elect directors. 

In
accordance with the Nasdaq corporate governance requirements, we are not required to hold an annual meeting until no later than
one year after our first fiscal year end following our listing on Nasdaq. Under Section 211(b) of the DGCL, we are, however, required
to hold an annual meeting of stockholders for the purposes of electing directors in accordance with our bylaws unless such election
is made by written consent in lieu of such a meeting. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors
prior to the consummation of our initial business combination, and thus we may not be in compliance with Section 211(b) of the
DGCL, which requires an annual meeting. Therefore, if our stockholders want us to hold an annual meeting prior to the consummation
of our initial business combination, they may attempt to force us to hold one by submitting an application to the Delaware Court
of Chancery in accordance with Section 211(c) of the DGCL. Until we hold an annual meeting of stockholders, our public stockholders
may not be afforded the opportunity to discuss company affairs with management. 

The
grant of registration rights to our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees may make it more difficult to complete
our initial business combination, and the future exercise of such rights may adversely affect the market price of our Class A
common stock. 

Pursuant
to an agreement to be entered into concurrently with the issuance and sale of the securities in the initial public offering, our
initial stockholders and their permitted transferees can demand that we register their founder shares, after those shares convert
to our Class A common stock at the time of our initial business combination. In addition, holders of our private placement warrants
and their permitted transferees can demand that we register the private placement warrants and the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the private placement warrants, and holders of warrants that may be issued upon conversion of working capital
loans may demand that we register such warrants or the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of such warrants. We will bear
the cost of registering these securities. The registration and availability of such a significant number of securities for trading
in the public market may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock. In addition, the existence of
the registration rights may make our initial business combination more costly or difficult to conclude. This is because the stockholders
of the target business may increase the equity stake they seek in the combined entity or ask for more cash consideration to offset
the negative impact on the market price of our Class A common stock that is expected when the common stock owned by our initial
stockholders, holders of our private placement warrants or holders of our working capital loans or their respective permitted
transferees are registered. 

Because
we are not limited to a particular industry, sector, geography or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination, you will be unable to ascertain the merits or risks of any particular target business operations. 

We
are not limited to a particular industry, sector, geography or any specific target businesses with which to pursue our initial
business combination. However, we will not, under our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, be permitted to complete
our initial business combination with another blank check company or similar company with nominal operations. Because we have
not yet selected or approached any specific target business with respect to a business combination, there is no basis to evaluate
the possible merits or risks of any particular target business s operations, results of operations, cash flows, liquidity,
financial condition or prospects. To the extent we complete our initial business combination, we may be affected by numerous risks
inherent in the business operations with which we combine. For example, if we combine with a financially unstable business or
an entity lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by the risks inherent in the business and
operations of a financially unstable or a development stage entity. Although our officers and directors will endeavor to evaluate
the risks inherent in a particular target business, we cannot assure you that we will properly ascertain or assess all the significant
risk factors or that we will have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these risks may be outside of
our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely impact a target business.
We also cannot assure you that an investment in our units will ultimately prove to be more favorable to investors than a direct
investment, if such opportunity were available, in a business combination target. Accordingly, any stockholder or warrant holder
who chooses to remain a stockholder or warrant holder, respectively, following the business combination could suffer a reduction
in the value of their securities. Such stockholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

19 

PART
I 

Past
performance by our management team, including investments and transactions in which they have participated and businesses with
which they have been associated, may not be indicative of future performance of an investment in us, and we may be unable to provide
positive returns to shareholders. 

Information
regarding performance by our management team is presented for informational purposes only. Past performance of our management
team is not a guarantee of the consummation of a successful business combination or our ability to successfully identify and execute
a transaction. Certain of our officers, directors and advisors have had management and deal execution experience with special
purpose acquisition corporations in the past. You should not rely on the historical record of members of our management team or
their respective affiliates as indicative of future performance of an investment in us or the returns we will, or are likely to,
generate going forward. Additionally, in the course of their respective careers, members of our management team have been involved
in businesses and deals that were unsuccessful. 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities in industries or sectors which may or may not be outside of our management s area of
expertise. 

We
will consider a business combination outside of our management s area of expertise if a business combination candidate is
presented to us and we determine that such candidate offers an attractive acquisition opportunity for our company. Although our
management will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in any particular business combination candidate, we cannot assure you
that we will adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors. We also cannot assure you that an investment in
our units will not ultimately prove to be less favorable to investors in the initial public offering than a direct investment,
if an opportunity were available, in a business combination candidate. In the event we elect to pursue an acquisition outside
of the areas of our management s expertise, our management s expertise may not be directly applicable to its evaluation
or operation, and the areas of our management s expertise would not be relevant to an understanding of the business that
we elect to acquire. As a result, our management may not be able to adequately ascertain or assess all the significant risk factors.
Accordingly, any stockholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a stockholder or warrant holder, respectively, following
our initial business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders and warrant holders
are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines that we believe are important in evaluating prospective target businesses,
we may enter into our initial business combination with a target that does not meet such criteria and guidelines, and as a result,
the target business with which we enter into our initial business combination may not have attributes entirely consistent with
our general criteria and guidelines. 

Although
we have identified general criteria and guidelines for evaluating prospective target businesses, it is possible that a target
business with which we enter into our initial business combination will not have all of these positive attributes. If we complete
our initial business combination with a target that does not meet some or all of these criteria and guidelines, such combination
may not be as successful as a combination with a business that does meet all of our general criteria and guidelines. In addition,
if we announce a prospective business combination with a target that does not meet our general criteria and guidelines, a greater
number of stockholders may exercise their redemption rights, which may make it difficult for us to meet any closing condition
with a target business that requires us to have a minimum net worth or a certain amount of cash. In addition, if stockholder approval
of the transaction is required by applicable law or stock exchange listing requirements, or we decide to obtain stockholder approval
for business or other legal reasons, it may be more difficult for us to attain stockholder approval of our initial business combination
if the target business does not meet our general criteria and guidelines. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less
than 10.10 per share on the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds
held in the trust account could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10
per share and other risk factors in this section. 

20 

PART
I 

We
may seek acquisition opportunities with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity lacking an established
record of revenue or earnings, which could subject us to volatile revenues or earnings or difficulty in retaining key personnel. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with an early stage company, a financially unstable business or an entity
lacking an established record of revenues or earnings, we may be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the
business with which we combine. These risks include investing in a business without a proven business model and with limited historical
financial data, volatile revenues or earnings and difficulties in obtaining and retaining key personnel. Although our officers
and directors will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular target business, we may not be able to properly ascertain
or assess all the significant risk factors and we may not have adequate time to complete due diligence. Furthermore, some of these
risks may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks will adversely
impact a target business. 

We
are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm or from an independent accounting firm, and
consequently, you may have no assurance from an independent source that the price we are paying for the business is fair to our
company from a financial point of view. 

Unless
we complete our initial business combination with an affiliated entity or our board of directors cannot independently determine
the fair market value of the target business or businesses, we are not required to obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm that is a member of FINRA or from an independent accounting firm that the price we are paying is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. If no opinion is obtained, our stockholders will be relying on the judgment of our board of directors,
who will determine fair market value based on standards generally accepted by the financial community. Such standards used will
be disclosed in our proxy solicitation or tender offer materials, as applicable, related to our initial business combination. 

We
may issue additional shares of common stock or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination, and may issue shares
of common stock to redeem the warrants or issue shares of common stock or preferred stock under an employee incentive plan after
completion of our initial business combination. We may also issue shares of Class A common stock upon the conversion of the Class
B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution
provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation. Any such issuances would dilute the interest of
our stockholders and likely present other risks. 

Our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation authorizes the issuance of up to 150,000,000 shares of Class A common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, 20,000,000
shares of Class B common stock, par value 0.0001 per share, and 1,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 0.0001 per share.
As of March 24, 2023, there were 5,814,634 shares of common stock issued and outstanding, consisting of 1,304,259 shares of Class
A common stock and 4,510,375 shares of Class B common stock, which amount does not take into account the shares of Class A common
stock reserved for issuance upon exercise of any outstanding warrants or the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion
of Class B common stock. There are no shares of preferred stock issued and outstanding. Shares of Class B common stock are convertible
into shares of our Class A common stock initially at a one-for-one ratio but subject to adjustment as set forth herein, including
in certain circumstances in which we issue Class A common stock or equity-linked securities related to our initial business combination. 

We
may issue a substantial number of additional shares of common or preferred stock to complete our initial business combination
(including pursuant to a specified future issuance). After the completion of our initial business combination, we may issue a
substantial number of additional shares of common stock to redeem the warrants as described in Description of Securities Warrants Public
Stockholders Warrants or shares of common or preferred stock under an employee incentive plan. We may also issue
shares of Class A common stock upon conversion of the Class B common stock at a ratio greater than one-to-one at the time of our
initial business combination as a result of the anti-dilution provisions contained in our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation. However, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides, among other things, that prior to our
initial business combination, we may not issue additional shares of capital stock that would entitle the holders thereof to (i)
receive funds from the trust account or (ii) vote on any initial business combination. The issuance of additional shares of common
or preferred stock: 

may
 significantly dilute the equity interest of investors in our initial public offering,
 which dilution would increase if the anti-dilution provisions in the Class B common stock
 resulted in the issuance of shares of Class A common stock on a greater than one-to-one
 basis upon conversion of the Class B common stock; 

may
 subordinate the rights of holders of common stock if preferred stock is issued with rights
 senior to those afforded our common stock; 

could
 cause a change of control if a substantial number of shares of our common stock is issued,
 which may affect, among other things, our ability to use our net operating loss carry
 forwards, if any, and could result in the resignation or removal of our present officers
 and directors; 

21 

PART
I 

may
 have the effect of delaying or preventing a change of control of us by diluting the stock
 ownership or voting rights of a person seeking to obtain control of us; 

may
 adversely affect prevailing market prices for our units, Class A common stock and/or
 warrants; and 

may
 not result in adjustment to the exercise price of our warrants. 

We
may issue our shares to investors in connection with our initial business combination at a price which is less than the prevailing
market price of our shares at that time. 

In
connection with our initial business combination, we may issue shares to investors in private placement transactions (so-called
PIPE transactions) at a price of 10.00 per share or which approximates the per-share amounts in our trust account at such time,
which is generally approximately 10.00. The purpose of such issuances will be to enable us to provide sufficient liquidity to
the post-business combination entity. The price of the shares we issue may therefore be less, and potentially significantly less,
than the market price for our shares at such time. 

Resources
could be wasted in researching acquisitions that are not completed, which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share, or less than such amount in certain circumstances, on the liquidation
of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. 

We
anticipate that the investigation of each specific target business and the negotiation, drafting and execution of relevant agreements,
disclosure documents and other instruments will require substantial management time and attention and substantial costs for accountants,
attorneys and others. If we decide not to complete a specific initial business combination, the costs incurred up to that point
for the proposed transaction likely would not be recoverable. Furthermore, if we reach an agreement relating to a specific target
business, we may fail to complete our initial business combination for any number of reasons including those beyond our control.
Any such event will result in a loss to us of the related costs incurred which could materially adversely affect subsequent attempts
to locate and acquire or merge with another business. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination, our public
stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire
worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share on the redemption of their
shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account could be reduced and
the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other risk factors in this
section. 

We
may engage in a business combination with one or more target businesses that have relationships with entities that may be affiliated
with our sponsor, officers, directors or existing holders which may raise potential conflicts of interest. 

In
light of the involvement of our sponsor, officers and directors with other entities, we may decide to acquire one or more businesses
affiliated with our sponsor, officers or directors. Our directors also serve as officers and board members for other entities.
Such entities may compete with us for business combination opportunities. Our sponsor, officers and directors are not currently
aware of any specific opportunities for us to complete our initial business combination with any entities with which they are
affiliated, and there have been no preliminary discussions concerning a business combination with any such entity or entities.
Although we will not be specifically focusing on, or targeting, any transaction with any affiliated entities, we would pursue
such a transaction if we determined that such affiliated entity met our criteria for a business combination and such transaction
was approved by a majority of our disinterested directors. Despite our agreement to obtain an opinion from an independent investment
banking firm that is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, regarding the fairness to our company from a financial
point of view of a business combination with one or more domestic or international businesses affiliated with our officers, directors
or existing holders, potential conflicts of interest still may exist and, as a result, the terms of the business combination may
not be as advantageous to our public stockholders as they would be absent any conflicts of interest. 

Since
our initial stockholders will lose their entire investment in us if our initial business combination is not completed and our
officers and directors may have differing personal and financial interests than you, a conflict of interest may arise in determining
whether a particular business combination target is appropriate for our initial business combination. 

On
March 4, 2021, our founder acquired 5,031,250 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.005
per share. Also on March 24, 2021, our founder assigned 160,000 founder shares (40,000 founder shares each) to our independent
directors at their original purchase price, 35,000 founder shares (5,000 founder shares each) to our advisors and 20,000 founder
shares (10,000 founder shares each) to our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. In connection with certain changes
in advisors, 5,000 founder shares were reassigned in May 2021 at their original purchase price. Prior to the initial investment
in the company of 25,000 by our founder we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The number of founder shares issued was determined
based on the expectation that such founder shares would represent 20 of the outstanding shares after the initial public offering. 

22 

PART
I 

The founder shares will be worthless if
we do not complete an initial business combination. In addition, our sponsor purchased 8,012,450 private placement warrants, each
exercisable for one share of our Class A common stock at 11.50 per share, for a purchase price of approximately 8,012,450, or
 1.00 per whole warrant, that will also be worthless if we do not complete a business combination. 

Our
founder, directors and officers have agreed (A) to vote any shares owned by them in favor of any proposed business combination
pursuant to a letter agreement that our founder, directors and officers have entered into with us and (B) pursuant to such letter
agreement, our founder, officers and directors have agreed to waive (i) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares
and any public shares held by them in connection with the completion of our initial business combination, (ii) their redemption
rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection
with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination
within 18 months, or 24 months if we have signed a definitive agreement with respect to an initial business combination within
such 18-month period (or up to 24 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from July 30, 2021,
or such later period as may be approved by our stockholders, which the stockholders approved an extension until July 30, 2024,
or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity
and (iii) their rights to liquidating distributions from the trust account with respect to any founder shares held by them if
we fail to complete our initial business combination within 18 months, or 24 months if we have signed a definitive agreement with
respect to an initial business combination within such 18-month period (or up to 24 months if we extend the period of time to
consummate a business combination) from July 30, 2021, or such later period as may be approved by our stockholders, which the
stockholders approved an extension until July 30, 2024, although they will be entitled to liquidating distributions from the trust
account with respect to any public shares they hold if we fail to complete our initial business combination within the prescribed
time frame; (4) the founder shares will automatically convert into shares of our Class A common stock at the time of our initial
business combination, on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment pursuant to certain anti-dilution rights, as described in
more detail below; and (5) the founder shares are entitled to registration rights. 

In
addition, we may obtain loans from our sponsor, affiliates of our sponsor or an officer or director. The personal and financial
interests of our officers and directors may influence their motivation in identifying and selecting a target business combination,
completing an initial business combination and influencing the operation of the business following the initial business combination.
This risk may become more acute as the deadline for completing our initial business combination nears. 

Since
our initial stockholders paid only approximately 0.005 per share for the founder shares, our officers and directors could potentially
make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business that subsequently declines in value. 

On
March 4, 2021, our founder acquired 5,031,250 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.005
per share. Also on March 24, 2021, our founder assigned 160,000 founder shares (40,000 founder shares each) to our independent
directors at their original purchase price, 35,000 founder shares (5,000 founder shares each) to our advisors and 20,000 founder
shares (10,000 founder shares each) to our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. In connection with certain changes
in advisors, 5,000 founder shares were reassigned in May 2021 at their original purchase price. Our officers and directors have
a significant economic interest in our sponsor. As a result, the low acquisition cost of the founder shares creates an economic
incentive whereby our officers and directors could potentially make a substantial profit even if we acquire a target business
that subsequently declines in value and is unprofitable for public investors. 

We
may issue notes or other debt securities, or otherwise incur substantial debt, to complete a business combination, which may adversely
affect our leverage and financial condition and thus negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

Although
we have no commitments as of the date of this Annual Report on Form 10-K to issue any notes or other debt securities, or to otherwise
incur outstanding debt, we may choose to incur substantial debt to complete our initial business combination. We have agreed that
we will not incur any indebtedness unless we have obtained from the lender a waiver of any right, title, interest or claim of
any kind in or to the monies held in the trust account. As such, no issuance of debt will affect the per-share amount available
for redemption from the trust account. Nevertheless, the incurrence of debt could have a variety of negative effects, including: 

default
 and foreclosure on our assets if our operating revenues after an initial business combination
 are insufficient to repay our debt obligations; 

acceleration
 of our obligations to repay the indebtedness even if we make all principal and interest
 payments when due if we breach certain covenants that require the maintenance of certain
 financial ratios or reserves without a waiver or renegotiation of that covenant; 

23 

PART
I 

our
 immediate payment of all principal and accrued interest, if any, if the debt security
 is payable on demand; 

our
 inability to obtain necessary additional financing if the debt security contains covenants
 restricting our ability to obtain such financing while the debt security is outstanding; 

our
 inability to pay dividends on our common stock; 

using
 a substantial portion of our cash flow to pay principal and interest on our debt, which
 will reduce the funds available for dividends on our common stock if declared, our ability
 to pay expenses, make capital expenditures and acquisitions, and fund other general corporate
 purposes; 

limitations
 on our flexibility in planning for and reacting to changes in our business and in the
 industry in which we operate; 

increased
 vulnerability to adverse changes in general economic, industry and competitive conditions
 and adverse changes in government regulation; 

limitations
 on our ability to borrow additional amounts for expenses, capital expenditures, acquisitions,
 debt service requirements, and execution of our strategy; and 

other
 disadvantages compared to our competitors who have less debt. 

We may only be able to complete one
business combination, which will cause us to be solely dependent on a single business which may have a limited number of products
or services. This lack of diversification may negatively impact our operations and profitability. 

We may complete our initial business combination
with a single target business or multiple target businesses simultaneously or within a short period of time. However, we may not
be able to complete our initial business combination with more than one target business because of various factors, including the
existence of complex accounting issues and the requirement that we prepare and file pro forma financial statements with the SEC
that present operating results and the financial condition of several target businesses as if they had been operated on a combined
basis. By completing our initial business combination with only a single entity, our lack of diversification may subject us to
numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments. Further, we would not be able to diversify our operations or benefit
from the possible spreading of risks or offsetting of losses, unlike other entities which may have the resources to complete several
business combinations in different industries or different areas of a single industry. In addition, we intend to focus our search
for an initial business combination in a single industry. Accordingly, the prospects for our success may be: 

solely
 dependent upon the performance of a single business, property or asset; or 

dependent
 upon the development or market acceptance of a single or limited number of products,
 processes or services. 

This
lack of diversification may subject us to numerous economic, competitive and regulatory developments, any or all of which may
have a substantial adverse impact upon the particular industry in which we may operate subsequent to our initial business combination. 

We
may attempt to simultaneously complete business combinations with multiple prospective targets, which may hinder our ability to
complete our initial business combination and give rise to increased costs and risks that could negatively impact our operations
and profitability. 

If
we determine to simultaneously acquire several businesses that are owned by different sellers, we will need for each of such sellers
to agree that our purchase of its business is contingent on the simultaneous closings of the other business combinations, which
may make it more difficult for us, and delay our ability, to complete our initial business combination. With multiple business
combinations, we could also face additional risks, including additional burdens and costs with respect to possible multiple negotiations
and due diligence investigations (if there are multiple sellers) and the additional risks associated with the subsequent assimilation
of the operations and services or products of the acquired companies in a single operating business. If we are unable to adequately
address these risks, it could negatively impact our profitability and results of operations. 

24 

PART
I 

We
may attempt to complete our initial business combination with a private company about which little information is available, which
may result in a business combination with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

In
pursuing our acquisition strategy, we may seek to complete our initial business combination with a privately held company. Very
little public information generally exists about private companies, and we could be required to make our decision on whether to
pursue a potential initial business combination on the basis of limited information, which may result in a business combination
with a company that is not as profitable as we suspected, if at all. 

We
do not have a specified maximum redemption threshold. The absence of such a redemption threshold may make it possible for us to
complete a business combination with which a substantial majority of our stockholders do not agree. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation does not provide a specified maximum redemption threshold, except that in no
event will we redeem our public shares in an amount that would cause our net tangible assets to be less than 5,000,001 upon completion
of our initial business combination (such that we are not subject to the SEC s penny stock rules). As a result,
we may be able to complete our initial business combination even though a substantial majority of our public stockholders do not
agree with the transaction and have redeemed their shares or, if we seek stockholder approval of our initial business combination
and do not conduct redemptions in connection with our initial business combination pursuant to the tender offer rules, have entered
into privately negotiated agreements to sell their shares to our founder, officers, directors, advisors or their affiliates. In
the event the aggregate cash consideration we would be required to pay for all shares of Class A common stock that are validly
submitted for redemption plus any amount required to satisfy cash conditions pursuant to the terms of the proposed business combination
exceed the aggregate amount of cash available to us, we will not complete the business combination or redeem any shares, all shares
of Class A common stock submitted for redemption will be returned to the holders thereof, and we instead may search for an alternate
business combination. 

In
order to complete our initial business combination, we may seek to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
or other governing instruments, including our warrant agreement, in a manner that will make it easier for us to complete our initial
business combination but that our stockholders or warrant holders may not support. 

In
order to complete a business combination, blank check companies have, in the recent past, amended various provisions of their
charters and governing instruments, including their warrant agreement. For example, blank check companies have amended the definition
of business combination, increased redemption thresholds, changed industry focus and, with respect to their warrants, amended
their warrant agreements to require the warrants to be exchanged for cash and/or other securities. We cannot assure you that we
will not seek to amend our charter or other governing instruments or change our industry focus in order to complete our initial
business combination. 

The
provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that relate to our pre-business combination activity (and
corresponding provisions of the agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account) may be amended with the approval
of holders of 65 of our common stock, which is a lower amendment threshold than that of some other blank check companies. It
may be easier for us, therefore, to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and the trust agreement to facilitate
the completion of an initial business combination that some of our stockholders may not support. 

Some
other blank check companies have a provision in their charter that prohibits the amendment of certain of its provisions, including
those which relate to a company s pre-business combination activity, without approval by a certain percentage of the company s
stockholders. In those companies, amendment of these provisions requires approval by between 90 and 100 of the company s
public stockholders. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that any of its provisions (other than amendments
relating to the election or removal of directors prior to our initial business combination, which require the approval by holders
of a majority of at least 90 of the issued and outstanding shares of our common stock voting at a stockholder meeting) related
to pre-business combination activity (including the requirement to deposit proceeds of this offering and the private placement
of warrants into the trust account and not release such amounts except in specified circumstances, and to provide redemption rights
to public stockholders as described herein) may be amended if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote
thereon, and corresponding provisions of the trust agreement governing the release of funds from our trust account may be amended
if approved by holders of 65 of our common stock entitled to vote thereon. In all other instances, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation or bylaws may be amended by holders of a majority of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon, subject
to applicable provisions of the DGCL or applicable stock exchange rules. We may not issue additional securities that can vote
on amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or in our initial business combination. Our initial stockholders,
who will collectively beneficially own 20 of our common stock, will participate in any vote to amend our amended and restated
certificate of incorporation and/or trust agreement and will have the discretion to vote in any manner they choose. As a result,
we may be able to amend the provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation that govern our pre-business combination
behavior more easily than some other blank check companies, and this may increase our ability to complete a business combination
with which you do not agree. Our stockholders may pursue remedies against us for any breach of our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation. 

25 

PART
I 

Our
founder, officers and directors have agreed, pursuant to a letter agreement with us, that they will not propose any amendment
to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption
in connection with our initial business combination or redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business
combination within 18 months, or 24 months if we have signed a definitive agreement with respect to an initial business combination
within such 18-month period (or up to 24 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from July
30, 2021, or such later period as may be approved by our stockholders, which the stockholders approved an extension until July
30, 2024, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination
activity, unless we provide our public stockholders with the opportunity to redeem their shares of Class A common stock upon approval
of any such amendment at a per-share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit in the trust account,
including interest (which interest shall be net of amounts released to us to pay taxes and expenses related to the administration
of the trust), divided by the number of then issued and outstanding public shares. Our stockholders are not parties to, or third-party
beneficiaries of, this letter agreement and, as a result, will not have the ability to pursue remedies against our founder, officers
or directors for any breach of the letter agreement. As a result, in the event of a breach, our stockholders would need to pursue
a stockholder derivative action, subject to applicable law. 

We
may be unable to obtain additional financing to complete our initial business combination or to fund the operations and growth
of a target business, which could compel us to restructure or abandon a particular business combination. 

Because we have not yet selected any prospective
target business we cannot ascertain the capital requirements for any particular transaction. However, it is likely that we would
be required to seek additional financing in order to consummate a business combination. We cannot assure you that such financing
will be available on acceptable terms, if at all. To the extent that additional financing proves to be unavailable when needed
to complete our initial business combination, we would be compelled to either restructure the transaction or abandon that particular
business combination and seek an alternative target business candidate. If we are unable to complete our initial business combination,
our public stockholders may receive only approximately 10.10 per share plus any pro rata interest earned on the funds held in
the trust account (and not previously released to us to pay our franchise and income taxes as well as expenses relating to the
administration of the trust account) on the liquidation of our trust account and our warrants will expire worthless. In addition,
even if we do not need additional financing to complete our initial business combination, we may require such financing to fund
the operations or growth of the target business. The failure to secure additional financing could have a material adverse effect
on the continued development or growth of the target business. None of our officers, directors or stockholders is required to provide
any financing to us in connection with or after our initial business combination. If we are unable to complete our initial business
combination, our public stockholders may only receive approximately 10.10 per share on the liquidation of our trust account, and
our warrants will expire worthless. In certain circumstances, our public stockholders may receive less than 10.10 per share on
the redemption of their shares. See If third parties bring claims against us, the proceeds held in the trust account
could be reduced and the per-share redemption amount received by stockholders may be less than 10.10 per share and other
risk factors in this section. 

Changes
in the market for directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate
and complete an initial business combination. 

In
recent months, the market for directors and officers liability insurance for special purpose acquisition companies has changed.
Fewer insurance companies are offering quotes for directors and officers liability coverage, the premiums charged for such policies
have generally increased and the terms of such policies have generally become less favorable. There can be no assurance that these
trends will not continue. 

The increased cost and decreased availability
of directors and officers liability insurance could make it more difficult and more expensive for us to negotiate an initial business
combination. In order to obtain directors and officers liability insurance or modify its coverage as a result of becoming a public
company, the post-business combination entity might need to incur greater expense, accept less favorable terms or both. However,
any failure to obtain adequate directors and officers liability insurance could have an adverse impact on the post-business combination
entity s ability to attract and retain qualified officers and directors. 

In
addition, even after we were to complete an initial business combination, our directors and officers could still be subject to
potential liability from claims arising from conduct alleged to have occurred prior to the initial business combination. As a
result, in order to protect our directors and officers, the post-business combination entity may need to purchase additional insurance
with respect to any such claims run-off insurance ). The need for run-off insurance would be an added expense for
the post-business combination entity, and could interfere with or frustrate our ability to consummate an initial business combination
on terms favorable to our investors. 

26 

PART
I 

Our
initial stockholders may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you
do not support. 

Our
initial stockholders will own shares representing 20 of our issued and outstanding shares of common stock. Accordingly, they
may exert a substantial influence on actions requiring a stockholder vote, potentially in a manner that you do not support, including
amendments to our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and approval of major corporate transactions. Factors that
would be considered in making such additional purchases would include consideration of the current trading price of our Class
A common stock. In addition, our board of directors, whose members were elected by our initial stockholders, is and will be divided
into three classes, each of which will generally serve for a term of three years with only one class of directors being elected
in each year. We may not hold an annual meeting of stockholders to elect new directors prior to the completion of our initial
business combination, in which case all of the current directors will continue in office until at least the completion of the
business combination. If there is an annual meeting, as a consequence of our staggered board of directors, only
a minority of the board of directors will be considered for election and our initial stockholders, because of their ownership
position, will have considerable influence regarding the outcome. Accordingly, our initial stockholders will continue to exert
control at least until the completion of our initial business combination. 

Our
warrants and founder shares may have an adverse effect on the market price of our Class A common stock and make it more difficult
to complete our initial business combination. 

We
issued warrants to purchase 9,020,750 shares of our Class A common stock as part of the units offered in our initial public offering
and we issued in a private placement warrants to purchase an aggregate of 8,012,450 shares of Class A common stock at 11.50 per
share. Our initial stockholders currently own 5,031,250 founder shares. The founder shares are convertible into shares of Class
A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment as set forth herein. In addition, if our sponsor, an affiliate of
our sponsor or certain of our officers and directors make any working capital loans, up to 1,500,000 of such loans may be converted
into warrants, at the price of 1.00 per warrant at the option of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private
placement warrants, including as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

To
the extent we issue shares of Class A common stock to complete a business combination, the potential for the issuance of a substantial
number of additional shares of Class A common stock upon exercise of these warrants and conversion rights could make us a less
attractive acquisition vehicle to a target business. Any such issuance will increase the number of issued and outstanding shares
of our Class A common stock and reduce the value of the shares of Class A common stock issued to complete the business combination.
Therefore, our warrants and founder shares may make it more difficult to complete a business combination or increase the cost
of acquiring the target business. 

The
private placement warrants are identical to the warrants sold as part of the units in the Company s initial public offering
except that, so long as they are held by our initial stockholders or their respective permitted transferees, (i) they will not
be redeemable by us for cash, (ii) pursuant to a letter agreement with us, subject to certain exceptions, our initial stockholders
have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any private placement warrant (including the Class A common stock issuable upon exercise
of the private placement warrants) until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination and (iii) the private
placement warrants may be exercised by the holders on a cashless basis (as described under Description of Securities Warrants Public
Stockholders Warrants Redemption of warrants for shares of Class A common stock ). 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with a high degree of complexity that require significant operational improvements,
which could delay or prevent us from achieving our desired results. 

We
may seek business combination opportunities with large, highly complex companies that we believe would benefit from operational
improvements. While we intend to implement such improvements, to the extent that our efforts are delayed or we are unable to achieve
the desired improvements, the business combination may not be as successful as we anticipate. 

To
the extent we complete our initial business combination with a large complex business or entity with a complex operating structure,
we may also be affected by numerous risks inherent in the operations of the business with which we combine, which could delay
or prevent us from implementing our strategy. Although our management team will endeavor to evaluate the risks inherent in a particular
target business and its operations, we may not be able to properly ascertain or assess all of the significant risk factors until
we complete our business combination. If we are not able to achieve our desired operational improvements, or the improvements
take longer to implement than anticipated, we may not achieve the gains that we anticipate. Furthermore, some of these risks and
complexities may be outside of our control and leave us with no ability to control or reduce the chances that those risks and
complexities will adversely impact a target business. Such combination may not be as successful as a combination with a smaller,
less complex organization. 

27 

PART
I 

A
provision of our warrant agreement may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

Unlike
many blank check companies, if (i) we issue additional shares of common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising
purposes in connection with the closing of our initial business combination at a Newly Issued Price of less than 9.20 per share
of common stock and (ii) the aggregate gross proceeds from such issuances represent more than 60 of the total equity proceeds,
and interest thereon, available for the funding of our initial business combination on the date of the completion of our initial
business combination (net of redemptions) and (iii) the Market Value is below 9.20 per share, then the exercise price of the
warrants will be adjusted to be equal to 115 of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, the 10.00 per share
redemption trigger price described below under Description of Securities Warrants Public Stockholders 
Warrants Redemption of warrants for shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal
to the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the 18.00 per share redemption trigger price described below
under Description of Securities Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Redemption of warrants for
cash and Description of Securities Warrants Public Stockholders Warrants Redemption of
warrants for shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to 180 of the higher of
the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price. This may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination
with a target business. 

Certain
of our warrants are expected to be accounted for as a warrant liability and will be recorded at fair value upon issuance with
changes in fair value each period reported in earnings, which may have an adverse effect on the market price of our ordinary shares
or may make it more difficult for us to consummate an initial business combination. 

We account for the 17,033,200 warrants
issued in connection with our initial public offering in accordance with the guidance contained in ASC 815-40. Such guidance provides
that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability.
Accordingly, we will classify each warrant as a liability at its fair value. This liability is subject to re-measurement at each
balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement, the warrant liability will be adjusted to fair value, with the change in fair
value recognized in our statement of operations and therefore our reported earnings. The warrants are also subject to re-evaluation
of the proper classification and accounting treatment at each reporting period based on evolving regulatory guidance. The impact
of changes in fair value on earnings may have an adverse effect on the market price of our common stock. In addition, potential
targets may seek a SPAC that does not have warrants that are accounted for as a warrant liability, which may make it more difficult
for us to consummate an initial business combination with a target business. 

Because
we must furnish our stockholders with target business financial statements, we may lose the ability to complete an otherwise advantageous
initial business combination with some prospective target businesses. 

The
federal proxy rules require that a proxy statement with respect to a vote on a business combination meeting certain financial
significance tests include target historical and/or pro forma financial statement disclosure. We will include the same financial
statement disclosure in connection with our tender offer documents, whether or not they are required under the tender offer rules.
These financial statements may be required to be prepared in accordance with, or be reconciled to, accounting principles generally
accepted in the United States of America GAAP or international financial reporting standards as issued by the
International Accounting Standards Board IFRS ), depending on the circumstances and the historical financial statements
may be required to be audited in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States)
(the PCAOB ). These financial statement requirements may limit the pool of potential target businesses we may acquire
because some targets may be unable to provide such financial statements in time for us to disclose such financial statements in
accordance with federal proxy rules and complete our initial business combination within the prescribed time frame. 

Compliance
obligations under the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may make it more difficult for us to complete our initial business combination, require
substantial financial and management resources, and increase the time and costs of completing an acquisition. 

Section
404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act requires that we evaluate and report on our system of internal controls beginning with this Annual
Report on Form 10-K. Only in the event we are deemed to be a large accelerated filer or an accelerated filer will we be required
to comply with the independent registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial
reporting. Further, for as long as we remain an emerging growth company, we will not be required to comply with the independent
registered public accounting firm attestation requirement on our internal control over financial reporting. The fact that we are
a blank check company makes compliance with the requirements of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act particularly burdensome on us as compared
to other public companies because a target company with which we seek to complete our initial business combination may not be
in compliance with the provisions of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act regarding adequacy of its internal controls. The development of the
internal control of any such entity to achieve compliance with the Sarbanes-Oxley Act may increase the time and costs necessary
to complete any such acquisition. 

28 

PART
I 

We
may engage our underwriter or one of its affiliates to provide additional services to us, which may include acting as M A
advisor in connection with an initial business combination or as placement agent in connection with a related financing transaction.
Our underwriter is entitled to receive the deferred underwriting commissions that will be released from the trust account only
upon a completion of an initial business combination. These financial incentives may cause our underwriter to have potential conflicts
of interest in rendering any such additional services to us after this offering, including, for example, in connection with the
sourcing and consummation of an initial business combination. 

We
may engage our underwriter or one of its affiliates to provide additional services to us, including, for example, identifying
potential targets, providing M A advisory services, acting as a placement agent in a private offering or arranging debt financing
transactions. We may pay our underwriter or its affiliate fair and reasonable fees or other compensation that would be determined
at that time in an arm s length negotiation. The underwriter is also entitled to receive the deferred underwriting commissions
that are conditioned on the completion of an initial business combination. The underwriter s or its affiliates financial
interests tied to the consummation of a business combination transaction may give rise to potential conflicts of interest in providing
any such additional services to us, including potential conflicts of interest in connection with the sourcing and consummation
of an initial business combination. 

As
the number of SPACs evaluating targets increases, attractive targets may become scarcer and there may be more competition for
attractive targets. This could increase the cost of our initial business combination and could even result in our inability to
find a target or to consummate an initial business combination. 

In
recent years, the number of SPACs that have been formed has increased substantially. Many potential targets for SPACs have already
entered into an initial business combination, and there are still many SPACs seeking targets for their initial business combination,
as well as many such companies currently in registration with the SEC. As a result, at times, fewer attractive targets may be
available, and it may require more time, more effort and more resources to identify a suitable target and to consummate an initial
business combination. 

In
addition, because there are more SPACs seeking to enter into an initial business combination with available targets, the competition
for available targets with attractive fundamentals or business models may increase, which could cause targets companies to demand
improved financial terms. Attractive deals could also become scarcer for other reasons, such as economic or industry sector downturns,
geopolitical tensions, or increases in the cost of additional capital needed to close business combinations or operate targets
post-business combination. This could increase the cost of, delay or otherwise complicate or frustrate our ability to find and
consummate an initial business combination, and may result in our inability to consummate an initial business combination on terms
favorable to our investors altogether. 

Risks
Relating to the Post-Business Combination Company 

Subsequent
to the completion of our initial business combination, we may be required to take write-downs or write-offs, restructuring and
impairment or other charges that could have a significant negative effect on our financial condition, results of operations and
our stock price, which could cause you to lose some or all of your investment. 

Even
if we conduct extensive due diligence on a target business with which we combine, we cannot assure you that this diligence will
surface all material issues that may be present inside a particular target business, that it would be possible to uncover all
material issues through a customary amount of due diligence, or that factors outside of the target business and outside of our
control will not later arise. As a result of these factors, we may be forced to later write-down or write-off assets, restructure
our operations, or incur impairment or other charges that could result in our reporting losses. Even if our due diligence successfully
identifies certain risks, unexpected risks may arise and previously known risks may materialize in a manner not consistent with
our preliminary risk analysis. Even though these charges may be non-cash items and not have an immediate impact on our liquidity,
the fact that we report charges of this nature could contribute to negative market perceptions about us or our securities. In
addition, charges of this nature may cause us to violate net worth or other covenants to which we may be subject as a result of
assuming pre-existing debt held by a target business or by virtue of our obtaining post-combination debt financing. Accordingly,
any stockholder or warrant holder who chooses to remain a stockholder or warrant holder, respectively, following the business
combination could suffer a reduction in the value of their securities. Such stockholders and warrant holders are unlikely to have
a remedy for such reduction in value. 

29 

PART
I 

Our
management may not be able to maintain control of a target business after our initial business combination. We cannot provide
assurance that, upon loss of control of a target business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities
necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We
may structure a business combination so that the post-transaction company in which our public stockholders own shares will own
less than 100 of the equity interests or assets of a target business, but we will only complete such business combination if
the post-transaction company owns or acquires 50 or more of the issued and outstanding voting securities of the target or otherwise
acquires an interest in the target sufficient for the post-transaction company not to be required to register as an investment
company under the Investment Company Act. We will not consider any transaction that does not meet such criteria. Even if the post-transaction
company owns 50 or more of the voting securities of the target, our stockholders prior to the business combination may collectively
own a minority interest in the post-transaction company, depending on valuations ascribed to the target and us in the business
combination transaction. For example, we could pursue a transaction in which we issue a substantial number of new shares of Class
A common stock in exchange for all of the outstanding capital stock of a target. In this case, we would acquire a 100 interest
in the target. However, as a result of the issuance of a substantial number of new shares of common stock, our stockholders immediately
prior to such transaction could own less than a majority of our outstanding shares of common stock subsequent to such transaction.
In addition, other minority stockholders may subsequently combine their holdings resulting in a single person or group obtaining
a larger share of the company s stock than we initially acquired. Accordingly, this may make it more likely that our management
will not be able to maintain control of the target business. We cannot provide assurance that, upon loss of control of a target
business, new management will possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary to profitably operate such business. 

We
may have a limited ability to assess the management of a prospective target business and, as a result, may complete our initial
business combination with a target business whose management may not have the skills, qualifications or abilities to manage a
public company, which could, in turn, negatively impact the value of our stockholders investment in us. 

When
evaluating the desirability of effecting our initial business combination with a prospective target business, our ability to assess
the target business s management may be limited due to a lack of time, resources or information. Our assessment of the capabilities
of the target s management, therefore, may prove to be incorrect and such management may lack the skills, qualifications
or abilities we suspected. Should the target s management not possess the skills, qualifications or abilities necessary
to manage a public company, the operations and profitability of the post-combination business may be negatively impacted. Accordingly,
any stockholders who choose to remain stockholders following the business combination could suffer a reduction in the value of
their shares. Such stockholders are unlikely to have a remedy for such reduction in value. 

The
officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination. The departure
of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination
business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial business combination cannot
be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s management team
will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible that members
of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. 

The
exercise price for the public warrants is higher than in many similar blank check company offerings in the past, and, accordingly,
the warrants are more likely to expire worthless. 

The
exercise price of the public warrants is higher than is typical in many similar blank check companies in the past. Historically,
the exercise price of a warrant was generally a fraction of the purchase price of the units in the initial public offering. The
exercise price for our public warrants is 11.50 per share, subject to adjustment as provided herein. As a result, the warrants
are more likely to expire worthless. 

30 

PART
I 

We
are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any
state securities laws at this time, and such registration may not be in place when an investor desires to exercise warrants, thus
precluding such investor from being able to exercise its warrants except on a cashless basis and potentially causing such warrants
to expire worthless. 

We
are not registering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants under the Securities Act or any
state securities laws at this time. However, under the terms of the warrant agreement, we will use our reasonable best efforts
to file, and within 60 business days following our initial business combination to have declared effective, a registration statement
under the Securities Act covering such shares and maintain a current prospectus relating to the Class A common stock issuable
upon exercise of the warrants, until the expiration of the warrants in accordance with the provisions of the warrant agreement.
We cannot assure you that we will be able to do so if, for example, any facts or events arise which represent a fundamental change
in the information set forth in the registration statement or prospectus, the financial statements contained or incorporated by
reference therein are not current or correct or the SEC issues a stop order. If the shares issuable upon exercise of the warrants
are not registered under the Securities Act, we will be required to permit holders to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis,
in which case, the number of shares of Class A common stock that you will receive upon cashless exercise will be based on a formula
subject to a maximum amount of shares equal to 0.361 shares of Class A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). However,
no warrant will be exercisable for cash or on a cashless basis, and we will not be obligated to issue any shares to holders seeking
to exercise their warrants, unless the issuance of the shares upon such exercise is registered or qualified under the securities
laws of the state of the exercising holder, or an exemption from registration is available. Notwithstanding the above, if our
Class A common stock is at the time of any exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that it satisfies
the definition of a covered security under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, we may, at our option, require
holders of public warrants who exercise their warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9)
of the Securities Act and, in the event we so elect, we will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement,
but we will be required to use our best efforts to register or qualify the shares under applicable blue sky laws to the extent
an exemption is not available. In no event will we be required to net cash settle any warrant or issue securities or other compensation
in exchange for the warrants in the event that we are unable to register or qualify the shares underlying the warrants under applicable
state securities laws and no exemption is available. If the issuance of the shares upon exercise of the warrants is not so registered
or qualified or exempt from registration or qualification, the holder of such warrant shall not be entitled to exercise such warrant
and such warrant may have no value and expire worthless. In such event, holders who acquired their warrants as part of a purchase
of units will have paid the full unit purchase price solely for the shares of Class A common stock included in the units. There
may be a circumstance where an exemption from registration exists for holders of our private placement warrants to exercise their
warrants while a corresponding exemption does not exist for holders of the public warrants included as part of units sold in the
Company s initial public offering. In such an instance, our initial stockholders and their permitted transferees (which
may include our directors and executive officers) would be able to exercise their warrants and sell the shares of Class A common
stock underlying their warrants while holders of our public warrants would not be able to exercise their warrants and sell the
underlying shares of Class A common stock. If and when the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right
even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying shares of Class A common stock for sale under all applicable state
securities laws. As a result, we may redeem the warrants as set forth above even if the holders are otherwise unable to exercise
their warrants. 

Our
letter agreement with our founder, officers and directors and registration rights agreement may be amended, and provisions therein
may be waived, without stockholder approval. 

Our
letter agreement with our founder, officers and directors contains provisions relating to transfer restrictions of our founder
shares and private placement warrants, indemnification of the trust account, waiver of redemption rights and participation in
liquidating distributions from the trust account. The letter agreement and the registration rights agreement may be amended, and
provisions therein may be waived, without stockholder approval (although releasing the parties from the restriction contained
in the letter agreement not to transfer any units, warrants, shares of Class A common stock or any other securities convertible
into, or exercisable, or exchangeable for, shares of Class A common stock for 180 days following the date of this prospectus will
require the prior written consent of Needham Company, LLC). While we do not expect our board of directors to approve any
amendment to or waiver of the letter agreement or registration rights agreement prior to our initial business combination, it
may be possible that our board of directors, in exercising its business judgment and subject to its fiduciary duties, chooses
to approve one or more amendments to or waivers of such agreements. Any such amendments or waivers would not require approval
from our stockholders and may have an adverse effect on the value of an investment in our securities. 

We
may amend the terms of the warrants in a manner that may be adverse to holders of public warrants with the approval by the holders
of at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants. As a result, the exercise price of your warrants could be increased,
the exercise period could be shortened and the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant
could be decreased, all without your approval. 

Our
warrants will be issued in registered form under a warrant agreement between Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as
warrant agent, and us. The warrant agreement provides that (a) the terms of the warrants may be amended without the consent of
any holder for the purpose of (i) curing any ambiguity, or curing, correcting or supplementing any defective provision or (ii)
adding or changing any other provisions with respect to matters or questions arising under the warrant agreement as the parties
may deem necessary or desirable and that the parties deem shall not adversely affect the interest of the registered holders of
the warrants under the warrant agreement and (b) all other modifications or amendments require the vote or written consent of
at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants; provided that if an amendment adversely affects the private placement warrants
in a different manner than the public warrants or vice versa, then the vote or written consent of the registered holders of 65 
of the public warrants and 65 of the private placement warrants, voting as separate classes, shall be required. Accordingly,
we may amend the terms of the public warrants in a manner adverse to a holder if holders of at least 50 of the then outstanding
public warrants approve of such amendment. Although our ability to amend the terms of the public warrants with the consent of
at least 50 of the then outstanding public warrants is unlimited, examples of such amendments could be amendments to, among other
things, increase the exercise price of the warrants, convert the warrants into cash or stock, shorten the exercise period or decrease
the number of shares of our Class A common stock purchasable upon exercise of a warrant. 

31 

PART I 

Our
warrant agreement will designate the courts of the State of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District
of New York as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by holders of our
warrants, which could limit the ability of warrant holders to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with our company. 

Our
warrant agreement provides that, subject to applicable law, (i) any action, proceeding or claim against us arising out of or relating
in any way to the warrant agreement, including under the Securities Act, will be brought and enforced in the courts of the State
of New York or the United States District Court for the Southern District of New York and (ii) that we irrevocably submit to such
jurisdiction, which jurisdiction shall be the exclusive forum for any such action, proceeding or claim. We will waive any objection
to such exclusive jurisdiction and that such courts represent an inconvenient forum. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, these provisions
of the warrant agreement will not apply to suits brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Exchange Act or any other
claim for which the federal district courts of the United States of America are the sole and exclusive forum. Any person or entity
purchasing or otherwise acquiring any interest in any of our warrants shall be deemed to have notice of and to have consented to
the forum provisions in our warrant agreement. If any action, the subject matter of which is within the scope of the forum provisions
of the warrant agreement, is filed in a court other than a court of the State of New York or the United States District Court for
the Southern District of New York (a foreign action in the name of any holder of our warrants, such holder shall
be deemed to have consented to: (x) the personal jurisdiction of the state and federal courts located in the State of New York
in connection with any action brought in any such court to enforce the forum provisions (an enforcement action ),
and (y) having service of process made upon such warrant holder in any such enforcement action by service upon such warrant holder s
counsel in the foreign action as agent for such warrant holder. 

This
choice-of-forum provision may limit a warrant holder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable
for disputes with our company, which may discourage such lawsuits. Alternatively, if a court were to find this provision of our
warrant agreement inapplicable or unenforceable with respect to one or more of the specified types of actions or proceedings,
we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which could materially and adversely
affect our business, financial condition and results of operations and result in a diversion of the time and resources of our
management and board of directors. 

We
may redeem your unexpired warrants prior to their exercise at a time that is disadvantageous to you, thereby making your warrants
worthless. 

We
have the ability to redeem outstanding warrants for cash at any time after they become exercisable and prior to their expiration,
at a price of 0.01 per warrant, provided that the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock for any 20 trading days
within a 30-trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which we send the notice of redemption to
the warrant holders equals or exceeds 18.00 per share (as adjusted for adjustments to the number of shares issuable upon exercise
or the exercise price of a warrant as described under the heading Description of Securities Warrants Public
Stockholders Warrants Anti-dilution Adjustments and provided certain other conditions are met. If and when
the warrants become redeemable by us, we may exercise our redemption right even if we are unable to register or qualify the underlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. Redemption of the outstanding warrants could force you (i) to
exercise your warrants and pay the exercise price therefor at a time when it may be disadvantageous for you to do so, (ii) to
sell your warrants at the then-current market price when you might otherwise wish to hold your warrants or (iii) to accept the
nominal redemption price which, at the time the outstanding warrants are called for redemption, is likely to be substantially
less than the market value of your warrants. In addition, we may redeem your warrants after they become exercisable for a number
of shares of Class A common stock determined based on the redemption date and the fair market value of our Class A common stock.
Any such redemption may have similar consequences to a cash redemption described above. In addition, such redemption may occur
at a time when the warrants are out-of-the-money, in which case you would lose any potential embedded value from
a subsequent increase in the value of the Class A common stock had your warrants remained outstanding. 

Because
each unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant and only a whole warrant may be exercised, the units may be worth less than
units of other blank check companies. 

Each
unit contains one-half of one redeemable warrant. Because, pursuant to the warrant agreement, the warrants may only be exercised
for a whole number of shares, only a whole warrant may be exercised at any given time. This is different from other offerings
similar to ours whose units include one share of common stock and one redeemable warrant to purchase one whole share. We have
established the components of the units in this way in order to reduce the dilutive effect of the warrants upon completion of
a business combination since the warrants will be exercisable in the aggregate for one-half of the number of shares compared to
units that each contain a warrant to purchase one whole share, thus making us, we believe, a more attractive merger partner for
target businesses. Nevertheless, this unit structure may cause our units to be worth less than if they included a warrant to purchase
one whole share. 

32 

PART I 

An
active trading market for our securities may not develop, which would adversely affect the liquidity and price of our securities. 

The
price of our securities may vary significantly due to one or more potential business combinations and general market or economic
conditions. Furthermore, an active trading market for our securities may never develop or, if developed, it may not be sustained.
You may be unable to sell your securities unless a market can be established and sustained. 

Provisions
in our amended and restated certificate of incorporation and Delaware law may inhibit a takeover of us, which could limit the
price investors might be willing to pay in the future for our Class A common stock and could entrench management. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation contains provisions that may discourage unsolicited takeover proposals that
stockholders may consider to be in their best interests. These provisions include a staggered board of directors and the ability
of the board of directors to designate the terms of and issue new series of preferred shares, which may make the removal of management
more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment of a premium over prevailing market prices
for our securities. 

We
are also subject to anti-takeover provisions under Delaware law, which could delay or prevent a change of control. Together these
provisions may make the removal of management more difficult and may discourage transactions that otherwise could involve payment
of a premium over prevailing market prices for our securities. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates the Court of Chancery of the State of Delaware as the sole and exclusive
forum for certain types of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders 
ability to obtain a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation designates certain courts as the sole and exclusive forum for certain types
of actions and proceedings that may be initiated by our stockholders, which could limit our stockholders ability to obtain
a favorable judicial forum for disputes with us or our directors, officers, employees or agents. 

Our amended and restated certificate of
incorporation provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the Court of Chancery of the
State of Delaware Court of Chancery will, to the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, be the sole and exclusive
forum for (i) any derivative action or proceeding brought on our behalf, (ii) any action asserting a claim of breach of a fiduciary
duty owed by any of our directors, officers, employees or stockholders to us or our stockholders, (iii) any action asserting a
claim arising pursuant to any provision of the DGCL, our amended and restated certificate of incorporation or bylaws or as to which
the DGCL confers jurisdiction on the Court of Chancery or (iv) any action asserting a claim against us, our directors, officers,
or employees that is governed by the internal affairs doctrine; provided that the exclusive forum provision will not apply to suits
(a) brought to enforce any liability or duty created by the Securities Act or the Exchange Act, to any claim for which the federal
courts have exclusive jurisdiction; (b) which the Court of Chancery determines that it does not have personal jurisdiction over
an indispensable party, (c) for which exclusive jurisdiction is vested in a court or forum other than the Court of Chancery, or
(d) the Court of Chancery does not have subject matter jurisdiction. Any person or entity purchasing or otherwise acquiring or
holding any interest in shares of our common stock will be deemed to have notice of, and consented to, the provisions of our amended
and restated certificate of incorporation described in the preceding sentence. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation
further provides that, unless we consent in writing to the selection of an alternative forum, the federal district courts of the
United States of America shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, be the sole and exclusive forum for the resolution of any
complaint asserting a cause of action arising under the Securities Act. We believe these provisions benefit us by providing increased
consistency in the application of Delaware law by chancellors particularly experienced in resolving corporate disputes and in the
application of the Securities Act by federal judges, as applicable, efficient administration of cases on a more expedited schedule
relative to other forums and protection against the burdens of multi-forum litigation. This choice of forum provision may limit
a stockholder s ability to bring a claim in a judicial forum that it finds favorable for disputes with us or our directors,
officers, employees or agents, which may discourage such lawsuits against us and such persons. Alternatively, if a court were to
find these provisions of our certificate of incorporation inapplicable to, or unenforceable in respect of, one or more of the specified
types of actions or proceedings, we may incur additional costs associated with resolving such matters in other jurisdictions, which
could adversely affect our business, financial condition or results of operations. 

33 

PART I 

Risks
Relating to Acquiring and Operating a Business in Foreign Countries 

If
we complete our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we
would be subject to a variety of additional risks that may negatively impact our operations. 

If
we complete our initial business combination with a company with operations or opportunities outside of the United States, we
would be subject to any special considerations or risks associated with companies operating in an international setting, including
any of the following: 

higher
 costs and difficulties inherent in managing cross-border business operations and complying
 with different commercial and legal requirements of overseas markets; 

rules
 and regulations regarding currency redemption; 

complex
 corporate withholding taxes on individuals; 

laws
 governing the manner in which future business combinations may be effected; 

tariffs
 and trade barriers; 

regulations
 related to customs and import/export matters; 

longer
 payment cycles and challenges in collecting accounts receivable; 

changes
 in local regulations as part of a response to the COVID-19 outbreak; 

tax
 issues, such as tax law changes and variations in tax laws as compared to the United
 States; 

currency
 fluctuations and exchange controls; 

rates
 of inflation, price instability and interest rate fluctuations; 

cultural
 and language differences; 

employment
 regulations; 

crime,
 strikes, riots, civil disturbances, terrorist attacks, natural disasters and wars; 

deterioration
 of political relations with the United States; and 

government
 appropriations of assets. 

We
may not be able to adequately address these additional risks. If we were unable to do so, our operations might suffer, which may
adversely impact our results of operations and financial condition. 

Exchange
rate fluctuations and currency policies may cause a target business ability to succeed in the international markets to
be diminished. 

In
the event we acquire a non-U.S. target, all revenues and income would likely be received in a foreign currency, and the dollar
equivalent of our net assets and distributions, if any, could be adversely affected by reductions in the value of the local currency.
The value of the currencies in our target regions fluctuate and are affected by, among other things, changes in political and
economic conditions. Any change in the relative value of such currency against our reporting currency may affect the attractiveness
of any target business or, following consummation of our initial business combination, our financial condition and results of
operations. Additionally, if a currency appreciates in value against the dollar prior to the consummation of our initial business
combination, the cost of a target business as measured in dollars will increase, which may make it less likely that we are able
to consummate such transaction. 

Risks
Relating to our Management Team 

We
are dependent upon our officers and directors, and their loss could adversely affect our ability to operate. 

Our
operations are dependent upon a relatively small group of individuals and, in particular, our officers and directors. We believe
that our success depends on the continued service of our officers and directors, at least until we have completed our initial
business combination. In addition, our officers and directors are not required to commit any specified amount of time to our affairs
and, accordingly, will have conflicts of interest in allocating their time among various business activities, including identifying
potential business combinations and monitoring the related due diligence. 

34 

PART I 

We
do not have an employment agreement with, or key-man insurance on the life of, any of our directors or officers. The unexpected
loss of the services of one or more of our directors or officers could have a detrimental effect on us. 

Members
of our management team may negotiate employment or consulting agreements with a target business in connection with a particular
business combination. These agreements may provide for them to receive compensation following our initial business combination
and as a result, may cause them to have conflicts of interest in determining whether a particular business combination is the
most advantageous. 

Members
of our management team may be able to remain with the company after the completion of our initial business combination only if
they are able to negotiate employment or consulting agreements in connection with the business combination. Such negotiations
could take place simultaneously with the negotiation of the business combination and could provide for such individuals to receive
compensation in the form of cash payments and/or our securities for services they would render to us after the completion of the
business combination. The personal and financial interests of such individuals may influence their motivation in identifying and
selecting a target business. However, we believe the ability of such individuals to remain with us after the completion of our
initial business combination will not be the determining factor in our decision as to whether or not we will proceed with any
potential business combination. There is no certainty, however, that any members of our management team will remain with us after
the completion of our initial business combination. We cannot assure you that any members of our management team will remain in
senior management or advisory positions with us. The determination as to whether any members of our management team will remain
with us will be made at the time of our initial business combination. 

Our
ability to successfully complete our initial business combination and to be successful thereafter will be totally dependent upon
the efforts of members of our management team, some of whom may not join us following our initial business combination. The loss
of such people could negatively impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
ability to successfully complete our initial business combination is dependent upon the efforts of members of our management team.
The role of members of our management team in the target business, however, cannot presently be ascertained. Although some members
of our management team may remain with the target business in senior management or advisory positions following our initial business
combination, it is likely that some or all of the management of the target business will remain in place. While we intend to closely
scrutinize any individuals we engage after our initial business combination, we cannot assure you that our assessment of these
individuals will prove to be correct. These individuals may be unfamiliar with the requirements of operating a company regulated
by the SEC, which could cause us to have to expend time and resources helping them become familiar with such requirements. 

In
addition, the officers and directors of an acquisition candidate may resign upon completion of our initial business combination.
The departure of a business combination target s key personnel could negatively impact the operations and profitability
of our post-combination business. The role of an acquisition candidate s key personnel upon the completion of our initial
business combination cannot be ascertained at this time. Although we contemplate that certain members of an acquisition candidate s
management team will remain associated with the acquisition candidate following our initial business combination, it is possible
that members of the management of an acquisition candidate will not wish to remain in place. The loss of key personnel could negatively
impact the operations and profitability of our post-combination business. 

Our
officers and directors may allocate their time to other businesses, thereby causing conflicts of interest in their determination
as to how much time to devote to our affairs. This conflict of interest could have a negative impact on our ability to complete
our initial business combination. 

Our
officers and directors are not required to, and will not, commit their full time to our affairs, which may result in a conflict
of interest in allocating their time between our operations and our search for a business combination and their other businesses.
Each of our officers is engaged in several other business endeavors for which he may be entitled to substantial compensation and
our officers are not obligated to contribute any specific number of hours per week to our affairs. If our officers and
directors other business affairs require them to devote substantial amounts of time to such affairs in excess of their
current commitment levels, it could limit their ability to devote time to our affairs which may have a negative impact on our
ability to complete our initial business combination. 

Certain
of our officers and directors are now, and all of them may in the future become, affiliated with entities engaged in business
activities similar to those intended to be conducted by us and, accordingly, may have conflicts of interest in allocating their
time and determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. 

Until
we consummate our initial business combination, we intend to engage in the business of identifying and combining with one or more
businesses. Our sponsor and officers and directors are, and may in the future become, affiliated with entities (such as operating
companies or investment vehicles) that are engaged in a similar business. 

35 

PART I 

Our
officers and directors also may become aware of business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation to us and the
other entities in the future to which they owe certain fiduciary or contractual duties. Accordingly, they may have conflicts of
interest in determining to which entity a particular business opportunity should be presented. These conflicts may not be resolved
in our favor and a potential target business may be presented to another entity prior to its presentation to us. Our amended and
restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director
or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer
of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable
for us to pursue. 

Our
officers, directors, security holders and their respective affiliates may have competitive pecuniary interests that conflict with
our interests. 

We
have not adopted a policy that expressly prohibits our directors, officers, security holders or affiliates from having a direct
or indirect pecuniary or financial interest in any investment to be acquired or disposed of by us or in any transaction to which
we are a party or have an interest. In fact (subject to certain approvals and consents) we may enter into a business combination
with a target business that is affiliated with our sponsor, our directors or officers, although we do not intend to do so. We
do not have a policy that expressly prohibits any such persons from engaging for their own account in business activities of the
types conducted by us. Accordingly, such persons or entities may have a conflict between their interests and ours. 

General
Risk Factors 

We
are an emerging growth company and a smaller reporting company within the meaning of the Securities Act, and if we take advantage
of certain exemptions from disclosure requirements available to emerging growth companies or smaller reporting companies, this
could make our securities less attractive to investors and may make it more difficult to compare our performance with other public
companies. 

We
are an emerging growth company within the meaning of the Securities Act, as modified by the JOBS Act, and we may
take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable to other public companies that are
not emerging growth companies including, but not limited to, not being required to comply with the auditor attestation requirements
of Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, reduced disclosure obligations regarding executive compensation in our periodic reports
and proxy statements, and exemptions from the requirements of holding a nonbinding advisory vote on executive compensation and
stockholder approval of any golden parachute payments not previously approved. As a result, our stockholders may not have access
to certain information they may deem important. We could be an emerging growth company for up to five years, although circumstances
could cause us to lose that status earlier, including if the market value of our Class A common stock held by non-affiliates exceeds
 700 million as of any June 30 before that time, in which case we would no longer be an emerging growth company as of the following
December 31. We cannot predict whether investors will find our securities less attractive because we will rely on these exemptions.
If some investors find our securities less attractive as a result of our reliance on these exemptions, the trading prices of our
securities may be lower than they otherwise would be, there may be a less active trading market for our securities and the trading
prices of our securities may be more volatile. 

Further,
Section 102(b)(1) of the JOBS Act exempts emerging growth companies from being required to comply with new or revised financial
accounting standards until private companies (that is, those that have not had a Securities Act registration statement declared
effective or do not have a class of securities registered under the Exchange Act) are required to comply with the new or revised
financial accounting standards. The JOBS Act provides that a company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and
comply with the requirements that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such an election to opt out is irrevocable. We
intend to take advantage of the benefits of this extended transition period. 

Additionally,
we are a smaller reporting company as defined in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K. Smaller reporting companies may
take advantage of certain reduced disclosure obligations, including, among other things, providing only two years of audited financial
statements. We will remain a smaller reporting company until the last day of any fiscal year for so long as either (1) the market
value of our common stock held by non-affiliates did not exceed 250 million as of the prior June 30, or (2) our annual revenues
did not exceed 100 million during such completed fiscal year and the market value of our common stock held by non-affiliates
did not exceed 700 million as of the prior June 30. 

36 

PART I 

Cyber
incidents or attacks directed at us could result in information theft, data corruption, operational disruption and/or financial
loss. 

We
depend on digital technologies, including information systems, infrastructure and cloud applications and services, including those
of third parties with which we may deal. Sophisticated and deliberate attacks on, or security breaches in, our systems or infrastructure,
or the systems or infrastructure of third parties or the cloud, could lead to corruption or misappropriation of our assets, proprietary
information and sensitive or confidential data. As an early stage company without significant investments in data security protection,
we may not be sufficiently protected against such occurrences. We may not have sufficient resources to adequately protect against,
or to investigate and remediate any vulnerability to, cyber incidents. It is possible that any of these occurrences, or a combination
of them, could have adverse consequences on our business and lead to financial loss. 

Members
of our management team and our board of directors and their respective affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time
be, involved in legal proceedings or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. 

Members
of our management team and our board of directors have been involved in a wide variety of businesses. Such involvement has, and
may lead to, media coverage and public awareness. As a result of such involvement, members of our management team and our board
of directors and their respective affiliated companies have been, and may from time to time be, involved in legal proceedings
or governmental investigations unrelated to our business. Any such proceedings or investigations may be detrimental to our reputation
and could negatively affect our ability to identify and complete an initial business combination and may have an adverse effect
on the price of our securities. 

We
would be subject to a second level of U.S. federal income tax on a portion of our income if we are determined to be a personal
holding company (a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes. 

A
U.S. corporation generally will be classified as a PHC for U.S. federal income tax purposes in a given taxable year if (i) at
any time during the last half of such taxable year, five or fewer individuals (without regard to their citizenship or residency
and including as individuals for this purpose certain entities such as certain tax tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and
charitable trusts) own or are deemed to own (pursuant to certain constructive ownership rules) more than 50 of the stock of the
corporation by value and (ii) at least 60 of the corporation s adjusted ordinary gross income, as determined for U.S. federal
income tax purposes, for such taxable year consists of PHC income (which includes, among other things, dividends, interest, certain
royalties, annuities and, under certain circumstances, rents). 

Depending
on the date and size of our initial business combination, it is possible that at least 60 of our adjusted ordinary gross income
may consist of PHC income as discussed above. In addition, depending on the concentration of our stock in the hands of individuals,
including the members of our sponsor and certain tax-exempt organizations, pension funds and charitable trusts, it is possible
that more than 50 of our stock may be owned or deemed owned (pursuant to the constructive ownership rules) by such persons during
the last half of a taxable year. Thus, no assurance can be given that we will not become a PHC following this offering or in the
future. If we are or were to become a PHC in a given taxable year, we would be subject to an additional PHC tax, currently 20 ,
on our undistributed PHC income, which generally includes our taxable income, subject to certain adjustments. 

Non-U.S.
Holders may be subject to U.S. federal income tax if we are considered a United States real property holding corporation. 

A
Non-U.S. Holder (as defined below) of our Class A common stock may be subject to U.S. federal income and/or withholding tax in
the event we are considered a United States real property holding corporation USRPHC for U.S. federal
income tax purposes. In that event, Non-U.S. Holders of our Class A common stock could be subject to U.S. federal income or withholding
tax, or both, in respect of certain distributions on, and payments in connection with a sale, exchange, redemption, repurchase
or other disposition of, our Class A common stock. Certain Non-U.S. Holders may be eligible for an exemption if they do not exceed
certain ownership levels. Non-U.S. Holders are urged to consult their tax advisors with respect to the U.S. federal income tax
consequences of acquiring, owning and disposing of our Class A common stock. See the discussion under the heading United
States Federal Income Tax Considerations Non-U.S. Holders. 

A
new 1 U.S. federal excise tax could be imposed on us in connection with redemptions by us of our shares. 

On August 16, 2022, the Inflation
Reduction Act of 2022 (the IR Act was signed into federal law. The IR Act provides for, among other things, a new
U.S. federal 1 excise tax on certain repurchases (including redemptions) of stock by publicly traded domestic (i.e., U.S.) corporations
and certain domestic subsidiaries of publicly traded foreign corporations. The excise tax is imposed on the repurchasing corporation
itself, not its stockholders from which shares are repurchased. The amount of the excise tax is generally 1 of the fair market
value of the shares repurchased at the time of the repurchase. However, for purposes of calculating the excise tax, repurchasing
corporations are permitted to net the fair market value of certain new stock issuances against the fair market value of stock repurchases
during the same taxable year. In addition, certain exceptions apply to the excise tax. The U.S. Department of the Treasury has
been given authority to provide regulations and other guidance to carry out, and prevent the abuse or avoidance of the excise tax.
The IR Act applies only to repurchases that occur after December 31, 2022. 

37 

PART I 

Our
public stockholders have the right to require us to redeem their public shares. Any redemption or other repurchase that occurs
after December 31, 2022, in connection with a business combination or otherwise may be subject to the excise tax. Whether
and to what extent we would be subject to the excise tax in connection with a business combination would depend on a number of
factors, including (i) the fair market value of the redemptions and repurchases in connection with the business combination,
(ii) the structure of the business combination, (iii) the nature and amount of any PIPE or other equity
issuances in connection with the business combination (or otherwise issued not in connection with the business combination but
issued within the same taxable year of the business combination) and (iv) the content of regulations and other guidance from
the U.S. Department of the Treasury. In addition, because the excise tax would be payable by us, and not by the redeeming holder,
the mechanics of any required payment of the excise tax have not been determined. The foregoing could cause a reduction in the
cash available on hand to complete a business combination and in our ability to complete a business combination. 

The Company s cash and
cash equivalents could be adversely affected if the financial institutions in which it holds its cash and cash equivalents fail. 

The Company maintained
its operating cash balance at Silicon Valley Bank in excess of the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation insurance limit. On March
10, 2023, the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation closed Silicon Valley Bank and appointed Federal Deposit
Insurance Corporation as receiver, and as a result the Company did not have access to its invested cash or cash equivalents that
were not part of the Company s Trust Account. Although the lack of access to funds with Silicon Valley Bank has been resolved,
it is possible that another failure of a depository institution could further impact the Company s access to its invested
cash or cash equivalents and could adversely impact the Company s operating liquidity and financial performance. 

38 

PART I 

Item
 1B. Unresolved
 Staff Comments. 

None. 

Item
 2. Properties. 

Our
executive offices are located at 3737 Buffalo Speedway, Suite 1750 Houston, TX 77098, and our telephone number is (713) 715-6820.
Commencing on July 27, 2021, we have agreed to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for office space, secretarial and
administrative support. We consider our current office space adequate for our current operations. 

Item
 3. Legal
 Proceedings. 

There
is no material litigation, arbitration or governmental proceeding currently pending against us or any members of our management
team. 

Item
 4. Mine
 Safety Disclosures. 

Not
applicable. 

39 

PART II 

Item
 5. Market
 for Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity. 

Market
Information 

Our
units, Class A common stock, and warrants are each traded on The Nasdaq Capital Market Nasdaq under the symbols
 SEPAU, SEPA, and SEPAW, respectively. 

Holders 

As of March 24, 2023, we had 1 holder of record of our units, 1 holder of record of our separately traded
Class A common stock and 2 holders of record of our separately traded warrants. 

Dividends 

We
have not paid any cash dividends on our common stock to date and do not intend to pay cash dividends to date and do not intend
to pay cash dividends in the foreseeable future. The payment of cash dividends in the future will be dependent upon our revenues
and earnings, if any, capital requirements and general financial condition subsequent to completion of our initial business combination.
The payment of any cash dividends subsequent to our initial business combination will be within the discretion of our board of
directors at such time. In addition, our board of directors is not currently contemplating and does not anticipate declaring any
stock dividends in the foreseeable future. Further, if we incur any indebtedness in connection with our initial business combination,
our ability to declare dividends may be limited by restrictive covenants we may agree to in connection therewith. 

Securities
Authorized for Issuance Under Equity Compensation Plans 

None. 

Use
of Proceeds from Registered Offerings 

Use
of Proceeds 

The registration statement for our initial
public offering was declared effective on July 27, 2021. On July 30, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering of 17,500,000
units (the units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the units sold, the public
shares ), at 10.00 per unit, generating gross proceeds of 175,000,000. 

We
had granted the underwriter in our initial public offering a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,625,000 additional units to cover
over-allotments, if any. On August 20, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional
541,500 units (the over-allotment units ), generating gross proceeds of 5,415,000, and incurred 108,300 in cash
underwriting fees and 189,525 that will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. 

Simultaneously
with the closing of our initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 7,850,000 private placement warrants at a price of
 1.00 per warrant, generating gross proceeds of 7,850,000. In connection with the underwriter partially exercising the over-allotment
option, the sponsor purchased an additional 162,450 over-allotment private placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per over-allotment
private placement warrant 162,450 in the aggregate). 

On
March 4, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory note to our Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which we
received proceeds of 300,000 to cover expenses related to our initial public offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory
Note of 300,000 was repaid at the closing of our initial public offering on July 30, 2021. 

Transaction
costs amounted to 15,401,418 consisting of 3,608,300 of underwriting fees, 6,314,525 of deferred underwriting fees, 764,193
of other offering costs, and 4,714,400 of the excess fair value of the founder shares sold over the purchase price of 4,150. 

Purchases
of Equity Securities by the Issuer and Affiliated Purchasers 

None 

Item
 6. Reserved. 

40 

PART II 

Item
 7. Management s
 Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. 

References
in this report (the Annual Report to we, us or the Company refer to SEP
Acquisition Corp. (the Company formerly known as Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. References to our management 
or our management team refer to our officers and directors, and references to the Sponsor refer to
Mercury Sponsor Group I LLC. The following discussion and analysis of the Company s financial condition and results of operations
should be read in conjunction with the financial statements and the notes thereto contained elsewhere in this Annual Report. Certain
information contained in the discussion and analysis set forth below includes forward-looking statements that involve risks and
uncertainties. 

Special
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements 

This
Annual Report includes forward-looking statements that are not historical facts and involve risks and uncertainties
that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expected and projected. All statements, other than statements
of historical fact included in this Annual Report including, without limitation, statements in this Management s
Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations regarding the Company s financial position,
business strategy and the plans and objectives of management for future operations, are forward-looking statements. Words such
as expect, believe, anticipate, intend, estimate, seek 
and variations and similar words and expressions are intended to identify such forward-looking statements. Such forward-looking
statements relate to future events or future performance, but reflect management s current beliefs, based on information
currently available. A number of factors could cause actual events, performance or results to differ materially from the events,
performance and results discussed in the forward-looking statements. For information identifying important factors that could
cause actual results to differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements, please refer to Cautionary
Note Regarding Forward-Looking Statements and Risk Factor Summary, Item 1A. Risk Factors and elsewhere in
this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The Company s securities filings can be accessed on the EDGAR section of the SEC s
website at www.sec.gov. Except as expressly required by applicable securities law, the Company disclaims any intention or obligation
to update or revise any forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. 

Overview 

We are a blank check company incorporated on March 1, 2021 as
a Delaware corporation and formed for the purpose of effectuating a merger, capital stock exchange, asset acquisition, stock purchase,
reorganization or similar business combination with one or more businesses, which we refer to throughout this Annual Report as
our initial business combination . On December 21, 2022, the Company changed its name from Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition
Corp. to SEP Acquisition Corp. We intend to effectuate our initial business combination using cash from the proceeds of our initial
public offering and the private placement of the private placement warrants, the proceeds of the sale of our shares in connection
with our initial business combination (pursuant to forward purchase agreements or backstop agreements we may enter into), shares
issued to the owners of the target, debt issued to bank or other lenders or the owners of the target, or a combination of the foregoing. 

On December 20, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of
stockholders (the Special Meeting where the Company s stockholders approved the Extension Amendment, extending
the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from January 30, 2023 (or July 30, 2023 if the Company had
executed a definitive agreement for a business combination by January 30, 2023) to July 30, 2024 (the Extension Amendment
Proposal ). In connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal, the Company was required to permit public stockholders to
redeem their shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. Of the 18,041,500 shares of the company s Class A common
stock outstanding, the holders of 16,737,241 shares of the Company s Class A common stock elected to redeem their shares
at a per share redemption price of approximately 10.22. As a result, the Company transferred cash in the amount of 185.0 million
to the Trustee, of which approximately 171.1 million was designated to pay such holders who had elected to redeem their shares
in connection with the Extension Amendment Proposal. As of December 31, 2022, 162.0 million had been paid to the redeeming stockholders
and approximately 22.5 million remained in restricted cash, 9.1 million of which was subsequently paid to such holders who elected
to redeem their shares. Following the redemptions, the Company had 1,304,259 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock
outstanding and approximately 13.3 million remained in the Trust Account (i.e. approximately 10.22 per share of the Company s
Class A Common Stock). 

Results
of Operations 

We have neither engaged in any operations nor generated any
revenues to date. Our only activities for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through
December 31, 2021 were organizational activities, those necessary to prepare for our initial public offering, described below and
activities related to searching for a potential business combination. We do not expect to generate any operating revenues until
after the completion of our initial business combination. We generate non-operating income in the form of realized gains on investments
in the trust account held after our initial public offering. We incur expenses as a result of being a public company (for legal,
financial reporting, accounting and auditing compliance), as well as due diligence expenses. 

41 

PART II 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, we had net income of 7,712,607,
which resulted from gains on the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 6,642,947 and realized gains on investments held
in the Trust Account of 2,752,849, partially offset by formation and operating costs of 973,568, income tax expense of 506,603,
franchise tax expense of 200,598, and interest expense on promissory note due to related party of 2,420. The gains on the change
in fair value of warrant liabilities was due in large part to the decrease in the public traded price of the public warrants. 

For
the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, we had net income of 7,116,141, which resulted from gains
on the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 8,686,933 and unrealized gains on investments held in the Trust Account
of 29,687, partially offset by expensed offering costs of 762,517, formation and operating costs of 670,839, and franchise
tax expense of 167,123. The gains on the change in fair value of warrant liabilities was due in large part to the decrease in
the public traded price of the public warrants. 

Going
Concern, Liquidity, and Capital Resources 

On July 30, 2021, we consummated our initial public offering
of 17,500,000 units generating gross proceeds to the Company of 175,000,000. Simultaneously with the consummation of the initial
public offering, we completed the private sale of 7,850,000 warrants to the Sponsor at a purchase price of 1.00 per warrant (the
 private placement warrants ), generating gross proceeds of 7,850,000. The proceeds from the sale of the private placement
warrants were added to the net proceeds from our initial public offering held in a Trust Account (the Trust Account ).
If we do not complete an initial business combination within 36 months from the closing of our initial public offering (July 30,
2024), we will cease all operations except for the purpose of winding up, the proceeds from the sale of the private placement warrants
will be used to fund the redemption of the public shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the private placement
warrants will expire worthless. 

We
had granted the underwriter in our initial public offering a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,625,000 additional units to cover
over-allotments, if any. On August 20, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased
an additional 541,500 units, generating gross proceeds of 5,415,000, and incurred 108,300 in cash underwriting fees and 189,525
that will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. Simultaneously with the underwriter partially exercising
the over-allotment option, our sponsor purchased an additional 162,450 private placement warrants (the over-allotment private
placement warrants at a price of 1.00 per over-allotment private placement warrant 162,450 in the aggregate). 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used in operating
activities was 1,035,757, which was due to the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 6,642,947 and realized gain on
investments held in Trust Account of 2,752,849, partially offset by our net income of 7,712,607, and changes in working capital
of 647,432. 

For
the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, net cash used in operating activities was 1,018,748, which
was due to the change in fair value of warrant liabilities of 8,686,933, changes in working capital of 180,786, and unrealized
gain on investments held in Trust Account of 29,687, partially offset by our net income of 7,116,141, and expensed offering
costs of 762,517. 

For the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash provided by investing
activities was 185,001,687, which resulted from proceeds from redemption of U.S. government treasury obligations of 733,969,540,
partially offset by purchases of U.S. government treasury obligations of 548,967,853. 

For
the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, net cash used in investing activities was 182,219,150, which
was the result of the amount of net proceeds from the initial public offering and partial exercise of the over-allotment option
by the underwriter being deposited to the Trust Account. 

For
the year ended December 31, 2022, net cash used by financing activities was 160,995,415, which was a result of payments made
to redeeming stockholders of 161,957,835, partially offset by proceeds from promissory note of 960,000 and interest expense
on promissory note - related party of 2,420. 

For
the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, net cash provided by financing activities was 184,079,957,
which was due to proceeds from our initial public offering and the partial exercise of the over-allotment option by the underwriter,
net of underwriter s discount paid of 176,806,700, proceeds from sale of private placement warrants of 8,012,450, the proceeds
from the promissory note - related party of 300,000 and the proceeds from the sale of Class B common stock to our sponsor of
 25,000, partially offset by the payment of offering costs of 764,193 and the repayment of the promissory note - related party
of 300,000. 

42 

PART II 

As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we
had cash of 1,343,809 and 842,059, held outside the Trust Account, respectively. As of December 31, 2022, we had a working
capital deficit of 9,221,425. As of December 31, 2021, we had a working capital surplus of 1,022,845. On October 11, 2022,
the Company issued an unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to 1,000,000 on
or before October 11, 2024, at a 6 interest rate to cover, among other things, expenses related to a business combination. On
October 11, 2022, the Company borrowed 200,000 under the promissory note. On December 21, 2022, and December 27, 2022, the Company
borrowed an aggregate of 760,000 under the promissory note bringing the total drawdowns to 960,000 as of December 31, 2022. 

The
Company anticipates that the cash held outside of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to allow
the Company to operate for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements, assuming that a Business
Combination is not consummated during that time. Over this time period, the Company will be using the funds held outside of the
Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable and accrued liabilities, identifying and evaluating prospective initial Business
Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel expenditures, selecting the
target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business Combination. These conditions
raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period of time within one year
after the date that the financial statements are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty through the Business Combination
as discussed above. In addition, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s officers and directors
may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company additional funds as may be required under the Working Capital Loans (as defined
in Note 5 to the financial statements). There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate the Business Combination
will be successful or successful within the Combination Period or that the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain
of the Company s officers and directors will loan the Company funds as may be required under the Working Capital Loans. 

As
a result of the above, in connection with the Company s assessment of going concern, management has determined that the
conditions described above raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern through approximately
one year from the date the financial statements are issued. The financial statements do not include any adjustments relating to
the recovery of the recorded assets or the classification of the liabilities that might be necessary should the Company be unable
to continue as a going concern. 

Banking
Arrangements 

On March 10, 2023, Silicon Valley Bank SVB was
closed by the California Department of Financial Protection and Innovation, which appointed the Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation FDIC as receiver. On March 10, 2023, the Company announced that it held all of its operating cash deposits with
SVB in the amount of approximately 1.3 million. None of the Company s Trust Account deposits are held at SVB. Following
the joint announcement issued by the Department of the Treasury, Federal Reserve, and FDIC on March 12, 2023, whereby the FDIC
will complete its resolution of the receivership of SVB in a manner that fully protects all depositors, we have access to all of
our operating funds. We continue to actively monitor the evolving situation with SVB and will take appropriate actions as needed. 

Contractual
Obligations 

Underwriting
Agreement 

We
granted the underwriter a 45-day option to purchase up to 2,625,000 additional units to cover over-allotments at our initial public
offering price, less the underwriting discounts and commissions. On August 20, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment
option to purchase an additional 541,500 units at an offering price of 10.00 per unit for an aggregate purchase price of 5,415,000. 

The
underwriter was paid a cash underwriting discount of 0.20 per unit, or 3,608,300 in the aggregate, upon the closing of our initial
public offering and partial exercise of the over-allotment option. In addition, 0.35 per unit, or 6,314,525 in the aggregate
will be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter
from the amounts held in the Trust Account solely in the event that we complete an initial business combination, subject to the
terms of the underwriting agreement. 

43 

PART II 

Critical Accounting Estimates 

The preparation of financial statements and related disclosures
in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires management to make estimates
and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets and liabilities, disclosure of contingent assets and liabilities at
the date of the financial statements, and income and expenses during the periods reported. Actual results could materially differ
from those estimates. We have identified the following critical accounting estimates. 

Warrant
Liabilities 

We
account for warrants as either equity-classified or liability-classified instruments based on an assessment of the warrant s
specific terms and applicable authoritative guidance in Accounting Standards Codification 480, Distinguishing Liabilities from
Equity ASC 480 and Accounting Standards Codification 815, Derivatives and Hedging ASC 815 ).
The assessment considers whether the warrants are freestanding financial instruments pursuant to ASC 480, meet the definition
of a liability pursuant to ASC 480, and whether the warrants meet all of the requirements for equity classification under ASC
815, including whether the warrants are indexed to our own common stock, among other conditions for equity classification. This
assessment, which requires the use of professional judgment, is conducted at the time of warrant issuance and as of each subsequent
quarterly period end date while the warrants are outstanding. 

Upon
initial measurement as of July 30, 2021, we utilized a binomial/lattice model to value the public warrants and private placement
warrants. The estimated fair value upon the initial measurement of the warrant liabilities as of July 30, 2021, was determined
using Level 3 inputs. We estimated volatility based on research on comparable companies with the same type of warrants along with
the implied volatilities shortly after they start trading. The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon
yield curve on the grant date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the
warrants was assumed to be equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate was based on the historical rate,
which we anticipated to remain at zero. After the public warrants were separately listed and traded in September 2021, since both
public warrants and private placement warrants are subject to certain make-whole provisions, the private placement warrants have
the same value as the public warrants and the public trading price is used. 

The
following table provides the significant unobservable inputs used in the binomial/lattice model for the initial valuation of the
public warrants and private placement warrants as of July 30, 2021: 

As of July 30, 2021 (Initial Measurement) 
 
 Stock price 
 9.47 
 
 Exercise price 
 11.50 
 
 Dividend yield 

Expected term (in years) 
 5.5 
 
 Volatility 
 20.0 
 
 Risk-free rate 
 0.80 
 
 Fair value 
 0.95 

Transfers
to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are recognized at the end of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the public warrants transferred
from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 1 fair value measurement in September 2021 after the public warrants were separately listed
and traded. The estimated fair value of the private placement warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 fair
value measurement in September 2021 due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market. 

Recent
Accounting Pronouncements 

The
Company s management does not believe that any recently issued, but not yet effective, accounting standards, if currently
adopted, would have a material effect on the accompanying financial statements. 

44 

PART II 

Item
 7A. Quantitative
 and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk. 

This
item is not applicable as we are a smaller reporting company. 

Item
 8. Financial
 Statements and Supplementary Data. 

This
information appears following Item 16 of this Form 10-K and is incorporated herein by reference. 

Item
 9. Changes
 in and Disagreements With Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure. 

None. 

Item
 9A. Controls
 and Procedures. 

Disclosure
controls and procedures are controls and other procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed
in our reports filed or submitted under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act is recorded,
processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms. Disclosure controls and
procedures include, without limitation, controls and procedures designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in
our reports filed or submitted under the Exchange Act is accumulated and communicated to our management, including our Chief Executive
Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

Evaluation
of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 

As required by Rules 13a-15 and 15d-15 under the Exchange
Act, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer carried out an evaluation of the effectiveness of the design and operation
of our disclosure controls and procedures. Based upon their evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to a material weakness
(discussed below) in our internal control over financial reporting. 

Regarding
the restatement of the Company s balance sheet included on our Form 8-K, as filed with the SEC on August 6, 2021 and August
26, 2021, certain redemption provisions not solely within the control of the Company require common stock subject to redemption
to be classified outside of permanent equity. We had previously classified a portion of the Class A common stock in permanent
equity. The material weakness identified is due to the fact that we have not yet designed and maintained effective internal controls
related to accounting for complex financial instruments. We restated our financial statements to classify all Class A common stock
as temporary equity and any related impact, as the threshold in our charter would not change the nature of the underlying shares
as redeemable and thus would be required to be disclosed outside of permanent equity. 

In light of this material weakness, we performed additional
analysis as deemed necessary to ensure that our financial statements were prepared in accordance with U.S. generally accepted accounting
principles. 

Management s
Report on Internal Cont r ol over Financial Reporting 

As required by SEC rules and regulations
implementing Section 404 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act, (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e) and 15- d-15(e) under the Exchange Act) management
is responsible for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Our internal control over financial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting a nd
the preparation of our financial statements for external reporting purposes in accordance with GAA P .
Our internal control over financial reporting in c ludes those policies and procedures
that: 

1. pertain to the maintenance
of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of our compan y , 

2. provide reasonable
assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with GAA P ,
and that our receipts and expenditures are being made only in accordance with authorizations of our management and direc t ors,
and 

3. provide reasonable assurance regarding
prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of our assets that could have a material e f fect
on the financial statements. 

Because of its inherent limitations, internal
control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect errors or misstatements in our financial statements. Also, projections
of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes
in conditions, or that the degree or compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. Management assessed the effectiveness
of our internal control over financial reporting at December 31, 2022. In making this assessment, management used the criteria
set forth by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (COSO) in Internal Control Integrated
Framework (2013). Based on our assessments and those criteria, management determined that our internal control over financial
reporting was not effective as of December 31, 2022, due to a material weakness in our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management has enhanced our processes to
identify and appropriately apply applicable accounting requirements to better evaluate and apply complex accounting guidance. Our
updated processes include providing enhanced access to accounting literature, research materials and documents and increased communication
among our personnel and third-party professionals with whom we consult regarding complex accounting applications. 

Management has concluded
that our audited financial statements included in this Report are fairly stated in all material respects in accordance with GAAP
for each of the periods presented therein. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

Other than the implementation of the remediation activities
discussed above regarding the material weakness, during the most recently completed fiscal quarter, there has been no change in
our internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f) under the Exchange Act) that has materially
affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Item
 9B. Other
 Information. 

None. 

45 

PART II 

Item
 9C. Disclosure
 Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 

Not
applicable. 

46 

PART III 

Item
 10. Directors,
 Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 

Our
officers, directors and director nominees are as follows: 

Name 
 
 Age 
 
 Position 
 
 M. Blair Garrou 
 
 50 
 
 Chairman 
 
 R. Andrew White 
 
 50 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer, and Director 
 
 Winston Gilpin 
 
 65 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 Christy Cardenas 
 
 36 
 
 Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer 
 
 Jay Gardner 
 
 67 
 
 Director 
 
 David Magdol 
 
 52 
 
 Director 
 
 Mia Mends 
 
 47 
 
 Director 
 
 Carolyn Rodz 
 
 43 
 
 Director 

Executive
Officers 

R. Andrew White serves as
our President and Chief Executive Officer and a Director on our board of directors. Mr. White is a multi-exit entrepreneur with
cross-functional experience in technology-enabled businesses. Mr. White currently serves as a Special Limited Partner for Mercury
Fund. He is also the founder of Sweat Equity Partners, LP SEP ). Mr. White established SEP in 2010 to serve as his
primary investment vehicle and serves as the President of its general partner. SEP currently owns companies in the CleanTech, PropTech
and SaaS segments. Mr. White led SEP s creation of Path Environmental Technology in 2014, a leading CleanTech provider of
tank cleaning technology that significantly reduces air emissions, waste disposal and manhours. In 2020, Ara Partners purchased
a controlling interest in Path Environmental Technology in a successful recapitalization transaction. In 2005, Mr. White led SEP s
development of Allied Warranty and, subsequently, Lone Star Repair, which together grew to over 200,000 customers and were sold
to NRG Energy (NYSE: NRG) in 2012. In addition, Mr. White owns Geovox Security, a technology business that provides physical security
for military, penal and high secure facility customers around the world. In prior work, Mr. White was the CFO, and then CEO, of
Home Solutions of America, a publicly traded roll-up of fire/water restoration companies. During his tenure, he led the listing
of Home Solutions on the American Stock Exchange. Mr. White began his career at CS First Boston (now Credit Suisse) in the Leveraged
Finance Group working on the coverage team for KKR. In 2018, Mr. White ran for the Democratic nomination for Governor of Texas,
winning a position in the May 2018 run-off election. He serves on the UTHealth Development Board and the University of Houston s
Hobby School of Public Affairs Development Board. Mr. White holds a Bachelor of Arts degree in Religious Studies from the University
of Virginia and a Master s in Business Administration degree from the University of Texas. 

Winston Gilpin serves as
our Chief Financial Officer and Secretary. Mr. Gilpin is the founding CFO of Mercury Fund, where he has been responsible for fund
administration, accounting, human resources and all administrative services for the last 15 years. Mercury Fund is one of the largest
early-stage venture capital firms headquartered in Texas. Mercury s investment themes target SaaS, cloud, and marketplace
platforms enabling the digital transformation of markets, industries, and customer relationships. Mr. Gilpin is also the co-founder
and managing partner at GSqr Consulting, LLC where he provides fund administrative services to small to medium sized venture funds
and SPVs. GSqr Consulting works to enhance the entrepreneurial ecosystem in Houston by providing finance and accounting consultancy
services to Houston startups. GSqr Consulting provides CFO services to many of Mercury Fund s incubated startup companies.
GSqr Consulting was founded in October 2016. 

Christy
Cardenas serves as our Vice President and Chief Strategy Officer. Ms. Cardenas is an investment professional with approximately
 12 billion in transaction experience, spanning venture capital, private equity and investment banking. Ms. Cardenas has a depth
of experience in structuring business models, innovative fund vehicles and financial transactions. She currently serves as Head
of Research and Data at Mercury Fund. Ms. Cardenas is also a Managing Partner at Grit Ventures, an early-stage deep technology
fund investing in AI, Robotics and Energy, across industry, where she is focused on logistics and supply chain infrastructure.
Prior to these roles, she was a Managing Partner responsible for Investment and Research at Ecliptic Capital, an early-stage venture
capital fund based in Austin, TX. Prior to her career in venture, Ms. Cardenas was an investor in large scale private equity,
spending the bulk of this time with First Reserve s energy infrastructure practice (now BlackRock). Ms. Cardenas started
her career in investment banking at Citigroup, where she worked on a wide array of initial public offerings, M A and other
public company transactions. Ms. Cardenas holds two degrees from the University of Texas at Austin, including B.B.A. in Business
Honors and a Masters in Professional Accounting. Ms. Cardenas is also a CPA in the State of Texas. 

47 

PART III 

Directors 

M.
Blair Garrou serves as our Chairman. Mr. Garrou has spent much of his professional career advising, operating,
and investing in software companies, with a focus on enabling technologies for retailers and brands. He is the co-founder and
Managing Director of Mercury Fund Mercury ), one of the largest early-stage venture capital firms headquartered
in Texas. Mercury s investment themes target SaaS, cloud, and marketplace platforms enabling the digital transformation
of markets, industries, and customer relationships. Mr. Garrou is a board director of privately-held companies of which Mercury
is a venture investor, including Mercury portfolio company TrackX Holdings, Inc. (TSXV: TKX). Mr. Garrou is also a Professor
at the Jones Graduate School of Business at Rice University where he teaches a course on venture capital. Prior to co-founding
Mercury, Mr. Garrou was CEO of Intermat, a leader in product information management software (NYSE: IHS). During this time, he
was also named to the Houston Business Journal s inaugural 40 under 40. Prior to Intermat, Mr. Garrou was
a Principal of Genesis Park, a Houston-based venture capital and private equity firm, where he focused on software investments.
Prior to Genesis Park, Mr. Garrou helped launch and was the Director of Operations for the Houston Technology Center (HTC), one
of the largest technology incubators in the state of Texas, and led the formation of the Houston Angel Network (HAN), one of the
largest and most active angel investment organizations in the U.S. Previously, Mr. Garrou was an investment banker with Nesbitt
Burns (BMO Capital Markets), a credit analyst with Compass Bank (BBVA Compass), and an auditor with Deloitte Touche (Deloitte).
He received a B.S. in Management with special attainments in Commerce from Washington Lee University. 

R.
Andrew White Mr. White s business background information is set forth under Executive Officers above. 

Jay
Gardner serves as an independent Director. Mr. Gardner is a technology industry veteran. Over the past 40 years, Mr. Gardner
has served as an executive advisor, software company operator, and leadership mentor. His broad base of skills and understanding
of technology company operations includes private equity, venture capital, M A and corporate development. Over the last five
years, Mr. Gardner has worked as an executive advisor for the private equity firm Clayton, Dublier Rice, and Quest Software,
a leading enterprise software company, helping to manage numerous M A transactions. Previously, from 2009 to 2015, Mr. Gardner
was part of the executive team at The Attachmate Group, serving as President and General Manager of NetIQ, a leading provider
of identity and security management solutions. While at Attachmate, Mr. Gardner helped lead the acquisition and integration of
Novell, and later the pre- and post-merger integration of The Attachmate Group with Micro Focus International. Prior to Attachmate,
from 2007 to 2009, Mr. Gardner was a board member of Phurnace Software, a leading web application server management platform,
which was acquired by BMC Software. Prior to Phurnace, Mr. Gardner served in several executive roles during a 19-year tenure at
BMC, including CIO, VP North American Sales, and VP Global Field Operations. Prior to BMC, Mr. Gardner began his career at IBM
in various sales and management positions. Mr. Gardner earned a B.B.A. and M.B.A. from Texas Christian University, where he serves
as a Chancellor s Advisory Council member and on the Neeley Board of Advisors, and as an Adjunct Professor in the BNSF Neeley Leadership Program. Mr. Gardner is also a board member at the
Halftime Institute, a non-profit organization helping leaders gain clarity on their purpose and focus to execute. 

David
Magdol serves as an independent Director. Mr. Magdol co-founded Main Street Capital Corporation, a publicly traded investment
company (NYSE: MAIN), which has a market capitalization of approximately 2.5 billion as of February 2021. He has been serving
as President since November 2018 and as Chief Investment Officer since 2011 of Main Street Capital. Mr. Magdol also serves as
the chairman of Main Street s Investment Committee. Main Street provides customized financing solutions to lower middle
market and middle market companies operating in diverse industry sectors. Main Street and its related funds currently manage approximately
 4.3 billion of investment capital. Mr. Magdol joined Main Street from the technology, media and telecommunications investment
banking group at Lazard Freres Co. Prior to Lazard, he managed a portfolio of private equity investments for the McMullen
Group, a private investment firm/family office capitalized by Dr. John J. McMullen, the former owner of the New Jersey Devils
and the Houston Astros. Mr. Magdol began his career in the structured finance services group of JP Morgan Chase. Mr. Magdol is
a graduate of Skidmore College. We believe Mr. Magdol is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to his extensive experience
in financing transactions, and corporate governance for publicly held companies. 

48 

PART III 

Mia Mends serves
as an independent Director. Ms. Mends is currently the Chief Executive Officer of C W Facility Services, Inc. As Chief Executive,
C W Services, Ms. Mends oversees operations across the U.S., Canada and Puerto Rico, with nearly 13,000 people serving clients
across a variety of industries. Prior to joining C W Services, Ms. Mends spent a decade in senior leadership roles at Sodexo,
including Global Chief Diversity, Equity Inclusion Officer and served as Chief Administrative Officer (CAO) of North America.
As CAO, she designed an integrated target operating model for the 10 billion business while leading the productivity and performance
of 160,000 employees. She also served as CEO of Impact Ventures, which included leading SodexoMagic, a joint venture between Sodexo
and Magic Johnson Enterprise. Ms. Mends also oversaw various P L, growth and transformation initiatives for the organization,
across various entities, including in Brazil. Ms. Mends serves on the board of directors for the EMERGE Fellows program and on
the Business Leadership Council at Wellesley College. She is also a corporate director at H R Block (NYSE: HRB) and Limeade
Inc. (ASX: LME). Mia holds an MBA from Harvard Business School and a bachelor s degree in economics from Wellesley College.
We believe Ms. Mends is qualified to serve on our board of directors due to her extensive experience in strategy, ecommerce, marketing
and operations for pre-IPO and public companies. 

Carolyn
Rodz serves as an independent Director. Ms. Rodz has spent much of her career in finance and inclusive entrepreneurship,
with a focus on utilizing technology and software to offer capital to under-resourced and growing markets. She is co-founder and
CEO of Hello Alice, a predictive technology platform facilitating access and intelligent deployment of capital to over 360,000
diverse small business owners. Hello Alice is financially backed and supported by celebrity entrepreneurs, athletes and philanthropists.
Hello Alice has engaged with a leading global network provider on an equitable access to credit program transforming the way underbanked
entrepreneurs are assessed for credit risk. Named Hispanic Business Person of the Year by the U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce,
and one of Inc. Female Founders 100 in 2020, Ms. Rodz works with the world s largest corporations and advocacy organizations
to support the acquisition, engagement and retention of small and growing businesses, including their evolution through the digital
economy. She has testified before the U.S. Congressional House Small Business Committee, and was featured in a U.S. Senate report
by Senator Shaheen titled, Tackling the Gender Gap: What Women Entrepreneurs Need to Thrive. Prior to Hello Alice,
Ms. Rodz was the founder and CEO of Cake, a digital media agency focused on Fortune 500 clients, and an investment banker with
JP Morgan. Ms. Rodz earned a B.B.A. in Finance from Texas A M University. We believe Ms. Rodz is qualified to serve on our
board of directors due to her extensive experience in ecommerce businesses serving under-resourced communities and diverse business
owners. 

Number
and Terms of Office of Officers and Directors 

Our
board of directors is divided into three classes with only one class of directors being elected in each year and each class (except
for those directors appointed prior to our first annual meeting of stockholders) serving a three-year term. The term of office
of the first class of directors, consisting of Mr. Garrou and Mr. Gardner, will expire at our first annual meeting of stockholders.
The term of office of the second class of directors, consisting of Mr. White and Ms. Mends, will expire at the second annual meeting
of stockholders. The term of office of the third class of directors, consisting of Ms. Rodz, will expire at the third annual meeting
of stockholders. 

Under
our amended and restated certificate of incorporation, holders of our founder shares will have the right to elect all of our directors
prior to consummation of our initial business combination and holders of our public shares will not have the right to vote on
the election of directors during such time. These provisions of our amended and restated certificate of incorporation may only
be amended if approved by holders of at least 90 of our outstanding common stock entitled to vote thereon. Subject to any other
special rights applicable to the stockholders, any vacancies on our board of directors may be filled by the affirmative vote of
a majority of the directors present and voting at the meeting of our board of directors or by a majority of the holders of our
founder shares. 

Our
officers are appointed by the board of directors and serve at the discretion of the board of directors, rather than for specific
terms of office. Our board of directors is authorized to appoint persons to the offices set forth in our bylaws as it deems appropriate.
Our bylaws provide that our officers may consist of one or more Chief Executive Officer, a Chief Financial Officer, a Secretary
and such other officers (including without limitation, a Chairman of the board of directors, Chief Operating Officer, Presidents,
Chief Financial Officer and Vice Presidents) and such other offices as may be determined by the board of directors. 

Director
Independence 

Nasdaq
listing standards require that a majority of our board of directors be independent. An independent director is defined
generally as a person other than an officer or employee of the company or its subsidiaries or any other individual having a relationship
which in the opinion of the company s board of directors, would interfere with the director s exercise of independent
judgment in carrying out the responsibilities of a director. Our board of directors has determined that each of Jay Gardner, David
Magdol, Mia Mends and Carolyn Rodz are independent directors as defined in the Nasdaq listing standards and applicable
SEC rules. Our independent directors will have regularly scheduled meetings at which only independent directors are present. 

49 

PART III 

Committees
of the Board of Directors 

Our
board of directors has two standing committees: an audit committee and a compensation committee. 

Audit
Committee 

David
Magdol, Jay Gardner and Carolyn Rodz serve as members of our audit committee. Each of Jay Gardner, David Magdol, and Carolyn Rodz
meets the independent director standard under Nasdaq listing standards and under Rule 10A-3(b)(1) of the Exchange Act, and David
Magdol will serve as chairman of the audit committee. Each member of the audit committee is financially literate and our board
of directors has determined that David Magdol qualifies as an audit committee financial expert as defined in applicable
SEC rules. 

We
adopted an audit committee charter, which details the principal functions of the audit committee, including: 

the
 appointment, compensation, retention, replacement, and oversight of the work of the independent
 auditors and any other independent registered public accounting firm engaged by us; 

pre-approving
 all audit and permitted non-audit services to be provided by the independent auditors
 or any other registered public accounting firm engaged by us, and establishing pre-approval
 policies and procedures; 

reviewing
 and discussing with the independent auditors all relationships the auditors have with
 us in order to evaluate their continued independence; 

setting
 clear hiring policies for employees or former employees of the independent auditors; 

setting
 clear policies for audit partner rotation in compliance with applicable laws and regulations; 

obtaining
 and reviewing a report, at least annually, from the independent auditors describing (i)
 the independent auditor s internal quality-control procedures and (ii) any material
 issues raised by the most recent internal quality-control review, or peer review, of
 the audit firm, or by any inquiry or investigation by governmental or professional authorities
 within the preceding five years respecting one or more independent audits carried out
 by the firm and any steps taken to deal with such issues; 

reviewing
 and approving any related party transaction required to be disclosed pursuant to Item
 404 of Regulation S-K promulgated by the SEC prior to us entering into such transaction;
 and 

reviewing
 with management, the independent auditors, and our legal advisors, as appropriate, any
 legal, regulatory or compliance matters, including any correspondence with regulators
 or government agencies and any employee complaints or published reports that raise material
 issues regarding our financial statements or accounting policies and any significant
 changes in accounting standards or rules promulgated by the Financial Accounting Standards
 Board, the SEC or other regulatory authorities. 

Compensation
Committee 

Carolyn
Rodz and Mia Mends serve as members of our compensation committee. Each of Carolyn Rodz and Mia Mends meets the independent director
standard under Nasdaq listing standards, and Carolyn Rodz serve as chairman of the compensation committee. 

We
adopted a compensation committee charter, which details the principal functions of the compensation committee, including: 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the corporate goals and objectives relevant to our Chief
 Executive Officer s compensation, evaluating our Chief Executive Officer s
 performance in light of such goals and objectives and determining and approving the remuneration
 (if any) of our Chief Executive Officer based on such evaluation; 

reviewing
 and approving on an annual basis the compensation of all of our other officers; 

reviewing
 on an annual basis our executive compensation policies and plans; 

implementing
 and administering our incentive compensation equity-based remuneration plans; 

50 

PART III 

assisting
 management in complying with our proxy statement and annual report disclosure requirements; 

approving
 all special perquisites, special cash payments and other special compensation and benefit
 arrangements for our officers and employees; 

if
 required, producing a report on executive compensation to be included in our annual proxy
 statement; and 

reviewing,
 evaluating and recommending changes, if appropriate, to the remuneration for directors. 

Notwithstanding
the foregoing, as indicated above, no compensation of any kind, including finder s, consulting or other similar fees, will
be paid to any of our existing stockholders, officers, directors or any of their respective affiliates, prior to, or for any services
they render in order to complete the consummation of a business combination, other than the payment to our sponsor of 10,000
per month, for up to 36 months, for office space, secretarial and administrative support and reimbursement of expenses. Accordingly,
it is likely that prior to the consummation of an initial business combination, the compensation committee will only be responsible
for the review and recommendation of any compensation arrangements to be entered into in connection with such initial business
combination. 

The
charter also provides that the compensation committee may, in its sole discretion, retain or obtain the advice of a compensation
consultant, legal counsel or other adviser and will be directly responsible for the appointment, compensation and oversight of
the work of any such adviser. However, before engaging or receiving advice from a compensation consultant, external legal counsel
or any other adviser, the compensation committee will consider the independence of each such adviser, including the factors required
by Nasdaq and the SEC. 

Director
Nominations 

We
do not have a standing nominating committee though we intend to form a corporate governance and nominating committee as and when
required to do so by law or Nasdaq rules. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, a majority of the independent directors
may recommend a director nominee for selection by the board of directors. The board of directors believes that the independent
directors can satisfactorily carry out the responsibility of properly selecting or approving director nominees without the formation
of a standing nominating committee. The directors who will participate in the consideration and recommendation of director nominees
are David Magdol, Mia Mends, Carolyn Rodz and Jay Gardner. In accordance with Rule 5605 of the Nasdaq rules, all such directors
are independent. As there is no standing nominating committee, we do not have a nominating committee charter in place. 

The
board of directors will also consider director candidates recommended for nomination by our stockholders during such times as
they are seeking proposed nominees to stand for election at the next annual meeting of stockholders (or, if applicable, a special
meeting of stockholders). Our stockholders that wish to nominate a director for election to our board of directors should follow
the procedures set forth in our bylaws. 

We
have not formally established any specific, minimum qualifications that must be met or skills that are necessary for directors
to possess. In general, in identifying and evaluating nominees for director, the board of directors considers educational background,
diversity of professional experience, knowledge of our business, integrity, professional reputation, independence, wisdom, and
the ability to represent the best interests of our stockholders. 

Compensation
Committee Interlocks and Insider Participation 

None
of our officers currently serves, and in the past year none of them has served, as a member of the compensation committee of any
entity that has one or more officers serving on our board of directors. 

Code
of Ethics 

We
have adopted a Code of Ethics applicable to our directors, officers and employees. The Code of Ethics is available on our website.
We will also post any amendments to or waivers of our Code of Ethics on our website. 

Conflicts
of Interest 

Certain
of our officers and directors presently has, and any of them in the future may have additional, fiduciary or contractual obligations
to other entities pursuant to which such officer or director is or will be required to present business combination opportunities
to such entity. Accordingly, in the future, if any of our officers or directors becomes aware of a business combination opportunity
which is suitable for an entity to which he or she has then-current fiduciary or contractual obligations, he or she will honor
his or her fiduciary or contractual obligations to present such opportunity to such entity. We do not believe, however, that any
fiduciary duties or contractual obligations of our officers arising in the future would materially undermine our ability to complete
our initial business combination. Our amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest
in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely
in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted
to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue. 

51 

PART III 

Below
is a table summarizing the entities to which our executive officers and directors currently have fiduciary duties, contractual
obligations or other material management relationships: 

Individual 
 
 Entity 
 
 Entity s
 Business 
 
 Affiliation 
 
 M. Blair Garrou 
 
 Mercury Fund
 and all Affiliates and Subsidiaries 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Managing Director 

TrackX Holdings,
 Inc. 
 
 SaaS supply chain
 logistics platform 
 
 Director 
 
 R. Andrew White 
 
 Mercury Fund
 and all Affiliates and Subsidiaries 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Special Limited
 Partner 

Sweat Equity
 Partners, LP 
 
 Private Equity 
 
 Partner 

RAW Interests,
 L.L.C 
 
 Private Equity GP 
 
 President 

Path Environmental
 Technology, LLC and subsidiaries 
 
 CleanTech Industrial
 Services 
 
 Chairman 

HomeTool.com,
 Inc. 
 
 PropTech Home Services 
 
 Chairman 

Vartopia, LLC 
 
 SaaS 
 
 Director 

Spruce Services,
 Inc. 
 
 PropTech Multi-Family
 Services 
 
 Chairman 

Geovox Security,
 Inc. 
 
 PropTech Security
 Provider 
 
 Chairman 

SEP SPAC I, LP 
 
 Technology Investment
 Holding Company 
 
 President 

SEP SPAC I GP,
 LLC 
 
 Technology Investment
 Holding Company 
 
 President 
 
 Winston Gilpin 
 
 Mercury Fund
 and all Affiliates and Subsidiaries 
 
 Venture Capital 
 
 Chief Financial
 Officer 

GSqr Consulting,
 LLC 
 
 Consulting 
 
 Managing Partner 

Christy
 Cardenas 
 
 Mercury
 Fund and all Affiliates and Subsidiaries 
 
 Venture
 Capital 
 
 Head
 of Research and Data 

Grit Ventures 
 
 Technology Investment
 Fund 
 
 Managing Partner 
 
 Jay Gardner 
 
 Texas Christian
 University Chancellor s Advisory Council 
 
 Education 
 
 Member 

Neeley School
 of Business Neeley Board of Advisors 

David Magdol 
 
 Main Street Capital
 Corporation and all Affiliates and Subsidiaries 
 
 Publicly Traded
 Private Equity and Debt Firm 
 
 President and
 Chief Investment Officer 
 
 Mia Mends 
 
 C W Facility Services, Inc. 
 
 Facility Services 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer 

Limeade Inc. 
 
 Software Company 
 
 Director 

Catalyst Inc. 
 
 Non-Profit 
 
 Director 

EMERGE Fellowship 

Girls Inc. 

Greater Houston
 Partnership 

Women s
 Business Collaborative 

Carolyn Rodz 
 
 Hello Alice,
 Inc. 
 
 Technology 
 
 Chief Executive
 Officer 

Potential
investors should also be aware of the following other potential conflicts of interest: 

None
 of our officers or directors is required to commit his or her full time to our affairs
 in particular and, accordingly, each of them may have conflicts of interest in allocating
 his or her time among various business activities. 

In
 the course of their other business activities, our officers and directors may become
 aware of investment and business opportunities which may be appropriate for presentation
 to us as well as the other entities with which they are affiliated. Our officers and
 directors may have conflicts of interest in determining to which entity a particular
 business opportunity should be presented. 

52 

PART III 

Our founder, officers and directors have entered into a letter agreement with us, pursuant to which they have agreed to waive (i) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and any public shares held by them in connection with the consummation of our initial business combination and (ii) their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares and public shares held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to amend our amended and restated certificate of incorporation (A) to modify the substance or timing of our obligation to allow redemption in connection with our initial business combination or to redeem 100 of our public shares if we do not complete our initial business combination within 18 months, or 24 months if we had signed a definitive agreement with respect to an initial business combination within such 18-month period (or up to 24 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of the Company s initial public offering, or such later period as may be approved by our stockholders, which the stockholders approved an extension until July 30, 2024, or (B) with respect to any other provision relating to stockholders rights or pre-initial business combination activity. Additionally, pursuant to such letter agreement, our founder, officers and directors have agreed to waive their redemption rights with respect to any founder shares held by them if we fail to consummate our initial business combination within 18 months, or 24 months if we had signed a definitive agreement with respect to an initial business combination within such 18-month period (or up to 24 months if we extend the period of time to consummate a business combination) from the closing of the Company s initial public offering, or such later period as may be approved by our stockholders, which the stockholders approved an extension until July 30, 2024. If we do not complete our initial business combination within such applicable time period, the proceeds of the sale of the private placement warrants held in the trust account will be used to fund the redemption of our public shares, and the private placement warrants will expire worthless. With certain limited exceptions, pursuant to such letter agreement, our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their founder shares until the earlier of: (A) one year after the completion of our initial business combination or (B) subsequent to our initial business combination, (x) if the last reported sale price of our Class A common stock equals or exceeds 12.00 per share (as adjusted for stock splits, stock dividends, reorganizations, recapitalizations and other similar transactions) for any 20 trading days within any 30-trading day period commencing at least 150 days after our initial business combination, or (y) the date on which we complete a liquidation, merger, capital stock exchange, reorganization or other similar transaction that results in all of our stockholders having the right to exchange their shares of common stock for cash, securities or other property. With certain limited exceptions, pursuant to such letter agreement, our initial stockholders have agreed not to transfer, assign or sell any of their private placement warrants and the Class A common stock underlying such warrants until 30 days after the completion of our initial business combination. Since our sponsor and officers and directors directly or indirectly own common stock and warrants, our officers and directors may have a conflict of interest in determining whether a particular target business is an appropriate business with which to complete our initial business combination. 

Our
 officers and directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating a particular
 business combination if the retention or resignation of any such officers and directors
 was included by a target business as a condition to any agreement with respect to our
 initial business combination. 

Our
 founder, officers or directors may have a conflict of interest with respect to evaluating
 a business combination and financing arrangements as we may obtain loans from our sponsor
 or an affiliate of our sponsor or any of our officers or directors to finance transaction
 costs in connection with an intended initial business combination. Up to 1,500,000 of
 such loans may be convertible into warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant at the option
 of the lender. Such warrants would be identical to the private placement warrants, including
 as to exercise price, exercisability and exercise period. 

The
conflicts described above may not be resolved in our favor. 

In
general, officers and directors of a corporation incorporated under the laws of the State of Delaware are required to present
business opportunities to a corporation if: 

the
 corporation could financially undertake the opportunity; 

the
 opportunity is within the corporation s line of business; and 

it
 would be unfair to our company and its stockholders for the opportunity not to be brought
 to the attention of the corporation. 

Accordingly,
as a result of multiple business affiliations, our officers and directors may have similar legal obligations relating to presenting
business opportunities meeting the above-listed criteria to multiple entities. Furthermore, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that we renounce our interest in any corporate opportunity offered to any director or officer unless
such opportunity is expressly offered to such person solely in his or her capacity as a director or officer of our company and
such opportunity is one we are legally and contractually permitted to undertake and would otherwise be reasonable for us to pursue,
and to the extent the director or officer is permitted to refer that opportunity to us without violating another legal obligation. 

53 

PART III 

We
are not prohibited from pursuing an initial business combination with a company that is affiliated with our sponsor, officers
or directors, subject to certain approvals and consents. In the event we seek to complete our initial business combination with
such a company, we, or a committee of independent directors, would obtain an opinion from an independent investment banking firm
which is a member of FINRA, or from an independent accounting firm, that such an initial business combination is fair to our company
from a financial point of view. 

We
cannot assure you that any of the above-mentioned conflicts will be resolved in our favor. 

In
the event that we submit our initial business combination to our public stockholders for a vote, our initial stockholders have
agreed to vote any founder shares held by them and any public shares purchased during or after the offering in favor of our initial
business combination and our initial stockholders have also agreed to vote any public shares purchased during or after the offering
in favor of our initial business combination. 

Limitation
on Liability and Indemnification of Officers and Directors 

Our
amended and restated certificate of incorporation provides that our officers and directors will be indemnified by us to the fullest
extent authorized by Delaware law, as it now exists or may in the future be amended. In addition, our amended and restated certificate
of incorporation provides that our directors will not be personally liable for monetary damages to us or our stockholders for
breaches of their fiduciary duty as directors, unless they violated their duty of loyalty to us or our stockholders, acted in
bad faith, knowingly or intentionally violated the law, authorized unlawful payments of dividends, unlawful stock purchases or
unlawful redemptions, or derived an improper personal benefit from their actions as directors. 

Our
bylaws permit us to secure insurance on behalf of any officer, director or employee for any liability arising out of his
or her actions, regardless of whether Delaware law would permit such indemnification. We purchased a policy of directors 
and officers liability insurance that insures our officers and directors against the cost of defense, settlement or payment
of a judgment in some circumstances and insures us against our obligations to indemnify our officers and directors. 

These
provisions may discourage stockholders from bringing a lawsuit against our directors for breach of their fiduciary duty. These
provisions also may have the effect of reducing the likelihood of derivative litigation against officers and directors, even though
such an action, if successful, might otherwise benefit us and our stockholders. Furthermore, a stockholder s investment
may be adversely affected to the extent we pay the costs of settlement and damage awards against officers and directors pursuant
to these indemnification provisions. 

We
believe that these provisions, the directors and officers liability insurance and the indemnity agreements are necessary
to attract and retain talented and experienced officers and directors. 

Insofar
as indemnification for liabilities arising under the Securities Act may be permitted to directors, officers or persons controlling
us pursuant to the foregoing provisions, we have been informed that in the opinion of the SEC such indemnification is against
public policy as expressed in the Securities Act and is therefore unenforceable. 

Item
 11. Executive
 Compensation. 

None
of our officers or directors has received any cash compensation for services rendered to us. No compensation of any kind, including
finder s and consulting fees, will be paid to our sponsor, officers and directors, or any of their respective affiliates,
for services rendered prior to or in connection with the completion of our initial business combination. However, these individuals
will be reimbursed for any out-of-pocket expenses incurred in connection with activities on our behalf such as identifying potential
target businesses and performing due diligence on suitable business combinations. Additionally, in connection with the successful
completion of our initial business combination, we may determine to provide a payment to our sponsor, officers, directors, advisors
or our or their affiliates; however any such payment would not be made from the proceeds of the Company s initial public
offering held in the trust account and we currently do not have any agreement or arrangement with any such party to do so. Our
audit committee will review on a quarterly basis all payments that were or are to be made to our sponsor, officers or directors,
or our or their affiliates. 

After
the completion of our initial business combination, directors or members of our management team who remain with us may be paid
consulting or management fees from the combined company. All of these fees will be fully disclosed to stockholders, to the extent
then known, in the tender offer materials or proxy solicitation materials furnished to our stockholders in connection with a proposed
business combination. We have not established any limit on the amount of such fees that may be paid by the combined company to
our directors or members of management. It is unlikely the amount of such compensation will be known at the time of the proposed
business combination, because the directors of the post-combination business will be responsible for determining officer and director
compensation. Any compensation to be paid to our officers will be determined, or recommended to the board of directors for determination,
either by a compensation committee constituted solely by independent directors or by a majority of independent directors on our
board of directors. 

54 

PART III 

Following
a business combination, to the extent we deem it necessary, we may seek to recruit additional managers to supplement the incumbent
management team of the target business. We cannot assure you that we will have the ability to recruit additional managers, or
that additional managers will have the requisite skills, knowledge or experience necessary to enhance the incumbent management. 

Grants
of Plan-Based Awards and Outstanding Equity Awards at Fiscal Year-End 

We
do not have any equity incentive plans under which to grant awards. 

Employment
Agreements 

We
do not currently have any written employment agreements with any of our directors and officers. 

Retirement/Resignation
Plans 

We
do not currently have any plans or arrangements in place regarding the payment to any of our executive officers following such
person s retirement or resignation. 

Director
Compensation 

We
have not paid our directors fees in the past for attending board meetings. In the future, we may adopt a policy of paying independent
directors a fee for their attendance at board and committee meetings. We reimburse each director for reasonable travel expenses
related to such director s attendance at board of directors and committee meetings. 

Item
 12. Security
 Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters. 

The following table sets forth information
regarding the beneficial ownership of our shares of common stock as of March 24, 2023 by: 

each
 person known by us to be the beneficial owner of more than 5 of our outstanding shares
 of common stock; 

each
 of our officers and directors; and 

all
 of our officers and directors as a group. 

Unless
otherwise indicated, we believe that all persons named in the table have sole voting and investment power with respect to all
shares of common stock beneficially owned by them. 

The
beneficial ownership of our common stock is based on 5,814,634 shares of common stock issued and outstanding as of March 24,
2023, consisting of 1,304,259 shares of Class A common stock and 4,510,375 shares of Class B common stock. 

Class
 A Common Stock 
 Class
 B Common Stock 

Name
 and Address of Beneficial Owner (1) 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned 
 Approximate Percentage of
 Class 
 Number
 of Shares Beneficially Owned (2) 
 Approximate Percentage of
 Class 
 Approximate Percentage of
 Outstanding Common
 Stock 
 
 Officers
 and Directors 

M. Blair
 Garrou 
 795,000 (3) 
 60.9 
 3,465,375 (4) 
 76.8 
 73.3 
 
 R. Andrew White 

3,465,375 (4) 
 76.8 
 59.6 
 
 Winston Gilpin (5) 

10,000 

Christy Cardenas 

10,000 

Jay Gardner 

40,000 

David Magdol 

40,000 

Mia Mends 

40,000 

Carolyn Rodz 

40,000 

All
 officers and directors as a group (8 individuals) 
 795,000 
 60.9 
 3,645,375 
 80.8 
 76.4 

5 
 Holders 

Mercury Sponsor Group
 I LLC 

3,465,375 (4) 
 76.8 
 59.6 
 
 Periscope Capital Inc. (6) 
 124,982 
 9.6 

2.1 

55 

PART III 

Less
than one percent 

(1) Unless
otherwise noted, the business address of each of the following is 3737 Buffalo Speedway, Suite 1750, Houston, TX 77098. 

(2) Interests
shown consist solely of founder shares, classified as shares of Class B common stock. Such shares are convertible into shares
of Class A common stock on a one-for-one basis, subject to adjustment. 

(3) Mercury
Houston Partners, LLC is the record holder of 130,023 shares of Class A common stock reported herein and Mercury Affiliates XI,
LLC is the record holder of 664,977 shares of Class A common stock reported herein. M. Blair Garrou is the sole manager of Mercury
Houston Partners, LLC and Mercury Affiliates XI, LLC. As such, M. Blair Garrou may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the
Class A common stock held directly by each of Mercury Houston Partners, LLC and Mercury Affiliates XI, LLC. M. Blair Garrou
disclaims beneficial ownership over any securities owned by Mercury Houston Partners, LLC and Mercury Affiliates XI, LLC in which
he does not have any pecuniary interest. 

(4) Mercury
Sponsor Group I LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Each of M. Blair Garrou and R. Andrew White are the managers
of Mercury Sponsor Group I LLC. Affiliates of M. Blair Garrou and R. Andrew White each own 50 of the economic interest of Mercury
Sponsor Group I LLC. As such, each of M. Blair Garrou and R. Andrew White may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the Class
B common stock held directly by Mercury Sponsor Group I LLC. Each of M. Blair Garrou and R. Andrew White disclaim beneficial ownership
over any securities owned by our sponsor in which he does not have any pecuniary interest. 

(5) Gsqr
Consulting, LLC is the record holder of the shares reported herein. Mr. Gilpin is the manager of Gsqr Consulting, LLC. As
such, Mr. Gilpin may be deemed to have beneficial ownership of the Class B common stock held directly by Gsqr Consulting,
LLC to the extent of his pecuniary interest. 

(6) 
 Based on written confirmation from Periscope Capital Inc. Periscope ). The business address of Periscope is 333 Bay Street, Suite 1240, Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5H 2R2. 

Item
 13. Certain
 Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence. 

Founder
Shares 

On
March 4, 2021, our founder acquired 5,031,250 founder shares for an aggregate purchase price of 25,000, or approximately 0.005
per share. Also on March 24, 2021, our founder assigned 160,000 founder shares (40,000 founder shares each) to our independent
directors at their original purchase price, 35,000 founder shares (5,000 founder shares each) to our advisors and 20,000 founder
shares (10,000 founder shares each) to our Chief Financial Officer and Chief Strategy Officer. In connection with certain changes
in advisors, 5,000 founder shares were reassigned in May 2021 at their original purchase price. Prior to the initial investment
in the company of 25,000 by our founder we had no assets, tangible or intangible. The over-allotment option was partially exercised
on July 30, 2021 and forfeited the remainder of the option; thus, 520,875 founder shares were forfeited by the sponsor. 

A
total of ten anchor investors purchased 14,402,000 units in the initial public offering at the offering price of 10.00 per unit;
seven anchor investors purchased 1,732,500 units in the initial public offering at the offering price of 10.00 per unit, and
such allocations will be determined by the underwriter; one anchor investor purchased 1,400,000 units in the Initial Public Offering
at the offering price of 10.00 per unit; and two anchor investors purchased 437,500 units in the initial public offering at the
offering price of 10.00 per unit. Pursuant to such units, the anchor investors have not been granted any stockholder or other
rights in addition to those afforded to our other public stockholders. Further, the anchor investors are not required to (i) hold
any units, Class A common stock or warrants they may purchase in the initial public offering or thereafter for any amount of time,
(ii) vote any Class A common stock they may own at the applicable time in favor of the business combination or (iii) refrain from
exercising their right to redeem their public shares at the time of the business combination. The anchor investors will have the
same rights to the funds held in the trust account with respect to the Class A common stock underlying the units they may purchase
in the initial public offering as the rights afforded to our other public stockholders. 

Each
anchor investor has entered into separate investment agreements with us and the sponsor pursuant to which each anchor investor
agreed to purchase a specified number of founder shares, or an aggregate of 830,000 founder shares, from the sponsor for 0.005
per share, or an aggregate purchase price of 4,150 at the closing of the initial public offering, subject to such anchor investor s
acquisition of 100 of the units allocated to it by the underwriter in the initial public offering. Pursuant to the investment
agreements, the anchor investors have agreed to (a) vote any founder shares held by them in favor of the business combination
and (b) subject any founder shares held by them to the same lock-up restrictions as the founder shares held by the sponsor and
independent directors. 

We
estimated the fair value of the founder shares attributable to the anchor investors to be 4,714,400 or 5.68 per share. The excess
of the fair value of the founder shares sold over the purchase price of 4,150 (or 0.005 per share) was determined to be an offering
cost in accordance with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering cost was allocated to the separable financial
instruments issued in the initial public offering in proportion to the amount allocated to the Class A common stock and public
warrants, compared to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities were expensed immediately
in the statement of operations. Offering costs allocated to the public shares were charged to stockholders equity upon the completion
of the initial public offering. 

56 

PART III 

Private
Placement 

Simultaneously
with the closing of the initial public offering, we consummated the sale of 7,850,000 warrants at a price of 1.00 per warrant
in a private placement to our sponsor, generating gross proceeds of 7,850,000. Each private placement warrant is exercisable
to purchase one share of Class A common stock at a price of 11.50 per share. The proceeds from the sale of the private placement
warrants were added to the net proceeds from the initial public offering held in the trust account. Simultaneously with the underwriter
partially exercising the over-allotment option, the sponsor purchased an additional 162,450 over-allotment private placement warrants
at a price of 1.00 per over-allotment private placement warrant 162,450 in the aggregate). 

Promissory
Notes - Related Party 

On
March 4, 2021, we issued an unsecured promissory note to our sponsor, pursuant to which we could borrow up to an aggregate of
up to 300,000 to cover expenses related to the initial public offering. The outstanding balance under the Promissory Note of
 300,000 was repaid at the closing of the initial public offering on July 30, 2021. 

On
October 11, 2022, we issued a revolving promissory note (the Revolving Note in the principal amount of up to 1,000,000.00
to our sponsor pursuant to which our sponsor agreed to loan us up to 1,000,000.00 on or before October 11, 2024 (the Termination
Date ). On October 11, 2022, we borrowed 200,000 under the Revolving Note. On December 21, 2022 and December 27, 2022,
we borrowed an aggregate of 760,000 under the Revolving Note bringing the total drawdowns to 960,000 as of December 31,
2022. The outstanding principal balance of the Revolving Note shall accrue interest at a rate equal to 6.00 per annum until the
Termination Date, at which time all unpaid principal, together with all accrued and unpaid interest, shall be due and payable
in full. Our sponsor waived any claims in connection with the Revolving Note to distributions from our trust account. 

Administrative
Support Agreement 

We
entered into an agreement, commencing on July 27, 2021, to pay our sponsor a total of 10,000 per month for administrative, financial
and support services. Upon the completion of an initial business combination, we will cease paying these monthly fees. 

Item
 14. Principal
Accounting Fees and Services. 

Effective
October 4, 2021, we dismissed Marcum LLP Marcum as our independent registered public accounting firm and appointed
BDO USA, LLP BDO as our new independent registered public accounting firm. 

The
following is a summary of fees paid or to be paid to BDO and Marcum for services rendered. 

2022 

2021 

Audit fees 

140,912 

183,000 

Audit related fees 

Tax fees 

All other fees 

Total 

140,912 

183,000 

Audit
Fees. Audit fees consist of fees billed for professional services rendered for the audit of our year-end financial statements
and services that are normally provided by BDO in connection with regulatory filings. The aggregate fees billed by Marcum for
professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the financial information included
in our Form 10-K and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled approximately 95,000. The
aggregate fees billed by BDO for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial statements, review of the
financial information included in our Form 10-K and other required filings with the SEC for the year ended December 31, 2021 totaled
approximately 88,000. The aggregate fees billed by BDO for professional services rendered for the audit of our annual financial
statements, review of the financial information included in our Form 10-K and other required filings with the SEC for the year
ended December 31, 2022 totaled approximately 140,912. 

57 

PART III 

Audit-Related Fees. Audit-related
services consist of fees billed for assurance and related services that are reasonably related to performance of the audit or review
of our financial statements and are not reported under Audit Fees. These services include attest services that are
not required by statute or regulation and consultations concerning financial accounting and reporting standards. 

Tax Fees. This category consists
of professional services rendered by our independent registered public accounting firm for tax compl i ance
and tax advice. The services for the fees disclosed under this category include tax return preparation and technical tax advice. 

All Other Fees. This category
consists of fees for other miscellaneous items. 

Pre-Approval
Policy 

Since
the formation of our audit committee upon the consummation of our Initial Public Offering, and on a going-forward basis, the audit
committee has and will pre-approve all auditing services and permitted non-audit services to be performed for us by our auditors,
including the fees and terms thereof (subject to the de minimis exceptions for non-audit services described in the Exchange Act
which are approved by the audit committee prior to the completion of the audit). The audit committee pre-approved all auditing
services provided by BDO set forth above for 2021 and 2022. 

58 

PART IV 

Item
 15. Exhibits,
 Financial Statement Schedules. 

a. The
 following documents are filed as part of this Annual Report: 

Financial
Statements: See Index to Financial Statements at Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
herein. 

b. Exhibits:
 The following exhibits are filed as part of, or incorporated by reference into, this
 Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

No. 
 Description of Exhibit 
 
 3.1 
 Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on August 2, 2021) 
 
 3.2 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.1 to SEP Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on December 21, 2022) 
 
 3.3 
 Certificate of Amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.2 to SEP Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on December 21, 2022) 
 
 3.4 
 Bylaws (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-1, filed on March 25, 2021 (File No. 333-254726)) 
 
 3.5 
 First Amendment to the Bylaws (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 3.3 to SEP Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on December 21, 2022) 
 
 4.1 
 Warrant Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, between Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as warrant agent (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.1 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on August 2, 2021) 
 
 4.2 
 Specimen Unit Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.2 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s amended Form S-1, filed on June 3, 2021 (File No. 333-254726)) 
 
 4.3 
 Specimen Class A Common Stock Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.3 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s amended Form S-1, filed on June 3, 2021 (File No. 333-254726)) 
 
 4.4 
 Specimen Warrant Certificate (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.4 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s amended Form S-1, filed on July 12, 2021 (File No. 333-254726)) 
 
 4.5 
 Description of Registrant s Securities (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 4.5 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s Annual Report on Form
10-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on March 8, 2022) 
 
 10.1 
 Letter Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, among Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp., Mercury Sponsor Group I LLC and certain security holders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on August 2, 2021) 
 
 10.2 
 Investment Management Trust Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, between Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. and Continental Stock Transfer Trust Company, as trustee (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.2 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on August 2, 2021) 
 
 10.3 
 Registration Rights Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, among Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp., Mercury Sponsor Group I LLC and certain security holders (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.3 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on August 2, 2021) 
 
 10.4 
 Warrants Purchase Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, between Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. and Mercury Sponsor Group I LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.4 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on August 2, 2021) 
 
 10.5 
 Administrative Support Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, between Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. and Mercury Sponsor Group I LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.5 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on August 2, 2021) 
 
 10.6 
 Revolving Promissory Note, dated October 11, 2022, between Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. and Mercury Sponsor Group I LLC (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.1 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on October 12, 2022) 
 
 10.7 
 Form of Indemnity Agreement, dated July 27, 2021, between Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp and each of its directors and executive officers (Incorporated by reference to Exhibit 10.6 to Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp. s Current Report on Form 8-K (File No. 001-40679) filed on August 2, 2021) 
 
 14.1 
 Code of Business Conduct and Ethics (incorporated by reference to Exhibit 14.1 to Mercury E-commerce Acquisition Corp. s Registration Statement on Form S-1 filed on June 3, 2021 (File No. 333-254726)) 
 
 31.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 
 31.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to Securities Exchange Act Rules 13a-14(a) and 15(d)-14(a), as adopted Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 
 
 32.1 
 Certification of Principal Executive Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

59 

PART IV 

32.2 
 Certification of Principal Financial Officer Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350, as adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 

101.INS 
 Inline XBRL Instance Document - the Inline XBRL Instance Document does not appear in the Interactive Data file because its XBRL tags are embedded within the Inline XBRL document 

101.SCH 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Schema Document document 

101.CAL 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Calculation Linkbase Document 

101.DEF 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Definition Linkbase Document 

101.LAB 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Label Linkbase Document 

101.PRE 
 Inline XBRL Taxonomy Extension Presentation Linkbase Document 

104 
 Cover Page Interactive Data File (formatted as Inline XBRL and contained in Exhibit 101) 

Filed
herewith 

Furnished
herewith 

Item
 16. Form
 10-K Summary. 

None. 

60 

PART IV 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf
by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized. 

SEP Acquisition Corp. 

Date: March 31, 2023 
 By: 
 /s/ Andrew
 White 

Name: Andrew
 White 

Title: Chief
 Executive Officer 

POWER
OF ATTORNEY 

Pursuant
to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this Annual Report on Form 10-K has been signed below by the following
persons on behalf of the registrant and in the capacities and on the dates indicated. 

Name 
 
 Position 
 
 Date 

/s/
 M. Blair Garrou 
 
 Chairman 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 M.
 Blair Garrou 

/s/
 R. Andrew White 
 
 President,
 Chief Executive Officer and Director 

March
 31, 2023 
 
 R.
 Andrew White 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

/s/
 Winston Gilpin 
 
 Chief
 Financial Officer and Secretary (Principal 

 Finance
 and Accounting Officer) 

March
 31, 2023 
 
 Winston
 Gilpin 

/s/
 Jay Gardner 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Jay
 Gardner 

/s/
 David Magdol 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 David
 Magdol 

/s/
 Mia Mends 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Mia
 Mends 

/s/
 Carolyn Rodz 
 
 Director 
 
 March
 31, 2023 
 
 Carolyn
 Rodz 

61 

SEP ACQUISITION CORP. 

 INDEX TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting
 Firm , , PCAOB ID # 
 
 F-2 
 
 Balance Sheets as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 
 
 F-3 
 
 Statements of Operations for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-4 
 
 Statements of Changes in Stockholders Deficit for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-5 
 
 Statements of Cash Flows for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 
 
 F-6 
 
 Notes to Financial Statements 
 
 F-7 

F- 1 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC
ACCOUNTING FIRM 

Stockholders and Board of Directors 

SEP Acquisition Corp. (f/k/a Mercury Ecommerce
Acquisition Corp.) 

Houston, Texas 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We have audited the accompanying balance
sheets of SEP Acquisition Corp. (f/k/a Mercury Ecommerce Acquisition Corp.) (the Company as of December 31, 2022
and 2021, the related statements of operations, statements of changes in stockholders deficit, and cash flows for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) to December 31, 2021, and the related notes (collectively
referred to as the financial statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material
respects, the financial position of the Company at December 31, 2022 and 2021, and the results of operations and its cash flows
for the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021 in conformity
with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Going Concern Uncertainty 

The accompanying financial statements have
been prepared assuming that the Company will continue as a going concern. As discussed in Note 1 to the financial statements, the
Company working capital deficiency raises substantial doubt about its ability to continue as a going concern. Management s
plans in regard to these matters are also described in Note 1. The financial statements do not include any adjustments that might
result from the outcome of this uncertainty. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility
of the Company s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company s financial statements based
on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable
rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with
the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether
the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have,
nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required
to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for the purpose of expressing an opinion on the
effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures
to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures
that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures
in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made
by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a
reasonable basis for our opinion. 

/s/ BDO USA, LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor
since 2021. 

New York, New York 

March 31, 2023 

F- 2 

SEP ACQUISITION CORP. 

 BALANCE SHEETS 

December 31, 2022 
 December 31, 2021 
 
 ASSETS 

Current assets: 

Cash 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Investments held in Trust Account 

Restricted cash held with Trustee 

Total Assets 

LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CLASS A COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

Current liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Promissory note - related party 

Accrued interest on promissory note - related party 

Stockholder redemption payable 

Total current liabilities 

Warrant liabilities 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Total Liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies (Note 6) 

Class A common stock, par value, subject to possible redemption; and shares at redemption value of per share shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively 

Stockholders Deficit 

Preferred stock, par value; shares authorized; none issued and outstanding 

Class A common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding (excluding and shares subject to possible redemption at December 31, 2022 and 2021, respectively) 

Class B common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued and outstanding 

Additional paid-in capital 

Accumulated deficit 

Total Stockholders Deficit 

TOTAL LIABILITIES, REDEEMABLE CLASS A COMMON STOCK AND STOCKHOLDERS DEFICIT 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 3 

SEP ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF OPERATIONS 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from March 1, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021 
 
 Formation and operating costs 

Franchise tax 

Loss from operations 

Other income (expense) 

Interest expense on promissory note - related party 

Expensed offering costs 

Realized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Gain from change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Total other income, net 

Net income before income taxes 

Income tax expense 

Net income 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Basic and diluted net income per share, Class A common stock subject to possible redemption 

Weighted average shares outstanding, Class B common stock (1) 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per share, Class B common stock 

(1) 
 shares of Class B common stock subject to forfeiture if the over-allotment option was not exercised in full or in part by the
underwriter. The underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option on August 20, 2021 and forfeited the remainder of the option;
thus, 
 Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor. 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 4 

SEP ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 FOR THE YEAR ENDED DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of January 1, 2022 

Subsequent accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption to redemption amount as of December 31, 2022 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2022 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 5 

SEP ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CHANGES IN STOCKHOLDERS 
DEFICIT 

 FOR THE PERIOD FROM MARCH 1, 2021 (INCEPTION)
THROUGH DECEMBER 31, 2021 

Class A Common Stock 
 Class B Common Stock 
 Additional 
Paid-in 
 Accumulated 
 Total 
Stockholders 

Shares 
 Amount 
 Shares 
 Amount 
 Capital 
 Deficit 
 Deficit 
 
 Balance as of March 1, 2021 (inception) 

Issuance of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Excess of cash received over the fair value of the private placement warrants 

Excess of fair value of Founder Shares sold over the purchase price 

Excess of cash received over the fair value of the over-allotment private placement warrants 

Forfeiture of Class B common stock 

Initial accretion of Class A common stock to redemption amount 

Subsequent accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption to redemption amount as of December 31, 2021 

Net income 

Balance as of December 31, 2021 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 6 

SEP ACQUISITION CORP. 

 STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

For the year ended 
December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from 
March 1, 2021 
(inception) Through 
December 31, 2021 
 
 Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash used in operating activities: 

Realized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Unrealized gain on investments held in Trust Account 

Expensed offering costs 

Change in fair value of warrant liabilities 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

Prepaid expenses 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Franchise tax payable 

Income tax payable 

Net cash used in operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Investment of cash into Trust Account 

Proceeds from redemption of U.S. government treasury obligations 

Purchase of U.S. government treasury obligations 

Net cash provided by (used in) investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Proceeds from promissory note - related party 

Repayment of promissory note - related party 

Interest expense on promissory note - related party 

Payment to redeeming stockholders 

Proceeds from initial public offering, net of underwriting fees 

Proceeds from sale of Private Placement Warrants 

Payment of offering costs 

Proceeds from sale of Class B common stock to Sponsor 

Net cash (used by) provided by financing activities 

Net Change in Cash and Restricted Cash 

Cash and Restricted Cash - Beginning of period 

Cash and Restricted Cash- End of period 

Non-cash investing and financing activities: 

Deferred underwriting fee payable 

Excess of the fair value of Founder Shares sold over the purchase price 

Forfeiture of Class B common stock 

Initial accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption to redemption value 

Subsequent accretion of Class A common stock subject to redemption to redemption amount as of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 

Cash paid for income taxes 

The accompanying notes are an integral
part of these financial statements. 

F- 7 

SEP ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

units (the Units and, with respect to the shares of Class A common stock included in the Units sold,
the Public Shares ), at per Unit, generating gross proceeds of which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the closing of the
Initial Public Offering, the Company consummated the sale of warrants (the Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private Placement Warrant in a private placement to Mercury Sponsor Group I LLC (the Sponsor ),
generating gross proceeds of , which is described in Note 4. 

The Company granted the underwriter in
the Initial Public Offering a 45 -day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On August
20, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units (the Over-Allotment
Units ), generating gross proceeds of , and incurred in cash underwriting fees and that will
be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions, which is described in Note 3. 

Simultaneously with the underwriter partially
exercising the over-allotment option, the Sponsor purchased an additional warrants (the Over-Allotment Private Placement
Warrants at a price of per Over-Allotment Private Placement Warrant in the aggregate), which is described
in Note 4. 

In addition, the Sponsor agreed to forfeit
up to Founder Shares to the extent that the over-allotment option was not exercised in full by the underwriter. The underwriter
partially exercised its over-allotment option on August 20, 2021 and forfeited the remainder of the option; thus, Founder
Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor, which is described in Note 5. 

Transaction costs amounted to 
consisting of of underwriting fees, of deferred underwriting fees, of other offering costs, and
 of the excess fair value of the Founder Shares sold over the purchase price of (see Note 5). 

Following the closing of the Initial Public
Offering and partial exercise of the underwriter s over-allotment option, a total of 182,219,150 from the net proceeds of
the sale of the Units in the Initial Public Offering, the sale of the Private Placement Warrants, the sale of the Over-Allotment
Units, and the sale of the Over-Allotment Private Placement Warrants was placed in a Trust Account (the Trust Account and invested only in U.S. government treasury obligations with maturities of 185 days, until the earlier of: (i) the completion of a Business Combination and (ii) the distribution of the funds held in the Trust Account,
as described below. 

The Company will provide its stockholders
with the opportunity to redeem all or a portion of their Public Shares upon the completion of a Business Combination either (i)
in connection with a stockholder meeting called to approve the Business Combination or (ii) by means of a tender offer. The decision
as to whether the Company will seek stockholder approval of a Business Combination or conduct a tender offer will be made by the
Company. The stockholders will be entitled to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account
(initially per share), calculated as of two business days prior to the completion of a Business Combination, including any
pro rata interest earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations.
There will be no redemption rights upon the completion of a Business Combination with respect to the Company s warrants. 

The Company will proceed with a Business
Combination if the Company has net tangible assets of at least upon consummation of such Business Combination and a
majority of the shares voted are voted in favor of the Business Combination. If a stockholder vote is not required under applicable
law or stock exchange listing requirements and the Company does not decide to hold a stockholder vote for business or other reasons,
the Company will, pursuant to its amended and restated certificate of incorporation (the Amended and Restated Certificate
of Incorporation ), conduct the redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules of the Securities and Exchange Commission SEC ), and file tender offer documents with the SEC prior to completing a Business Combination. If the Company seeks
stockholder approval in connection with a Business Combination, the holders of the Founder Shares (as defined in Note 5) have agreed
to vote their Founder Shares and any Public Shares purchased in or after the Initial Public Offering in favor of approving a Business
Combination and to waive their redemption rights with respect to any such shares in connection with a stockholder vote to approve
a Business Combination. Additionally, each public stockholder may elect to redeem its Public Shares, without voting, and if they
do vote, irrespective of whether they vote for or against a proposed Business Combination. 

Notwithstanding the foregoing, if the Company
seeks stockholder approval of a Business Combination and it does not conduct redemptions pursuant to the tender offer rules, the
Company s Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation provides that a public stockholder, together with any affiliate
of such stockholder or any other person with whom such stockholder is acting in concert or as a group (as defined
under Section 13 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act )), will be restricted from
redeeming its shares with respect to more than an aggregate of of the Public Shares without the Company s prior written
consent. 

The initial stockholders have agreed to
waive (a) their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and any Public Shares held by them in connection with the
completion of an initial Business Combination, (b) their redemption rights with respect to any Founder Shares and Public Shares
held by them in connection with a stockholder vote to approve an amendment to the Amended and Restated Certificate of Incorporation
to modify the substance or timing of the Company s obligation to provide holders of Class A common stock the right to have
their shares redeemed or to provide for the redemption of Public Shares in connection with an initial Business Combination or to
redeem of the Public Shares if the Company has not consummated an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period
(as defined below), or with respect to any other material provision relating to stockholder rights or pre-initial Business Combination
activity and (c) their rights to liquidating distributions from the Trust Account with respect to any Founder Shares held by them
if the Company fails to complete an initial Business Combination within the Combination Period (as defined below). However, if
the initial stockholders acquire Public Shares in or after the Initial Public Offering, such Public Shares will be entitled to
liquidating distributions from the Trust Account if the Company fails to complete a Business Combination within the Combination
Period (as defined below). 

The Company initially had 18 months,
or 24 months if the Company had signed a definitive agreement with respect to an initial Business Combination within such 18-month
period from the closing of
the Initial Public Offering (the Combination Period to complete a Business Combination. Following approval of the Extension Amendment Proposal (defined below), the Company has until July 30, 2024 to complete a Business Combination. If the Company is unable
to complete a Business Combination within the Combination Period, the Company will (i) cease all operations, except for the purpose
of winding up; (ii) as promptly as reasonably possible but not more than ten business days thereafter, subject to lawfully available
funds therefor, redeem the Public Shares, at a per share price, payable in cash, equal to the aggregate amount then on deposit
in the Trust Account, including interest (net of permitted withdrawals and up to of interest to pay dissolution expenses),
divided by the number of then outstanding Public Shares, which redemption will completely extinguish public stockholders 
rights as stockholders (including the right to receive further liquidating distributions, if any), subject to applicable law; and
(iii) as promptly as reasonably possible following such redemption, subject to the approval of the Company s remaining stockholders
and board of directors, dissolve and liquidate, subject in each case to the Company s obligations under Delaware law to provide
for claims of creditors and the requirements of other applicable law. There will be no redemption rights or liquidating distributions
with respect to the Company s warrants, which will expire worthless if the Company fails to complete an initial Business
Combination within the Combination Period. 

On
December 20, 2022, the Company held a special meeting of stockholders where the Company s stockholders approved the Extension
Amendment, extending the date by which the Company must consummate a business combination from January 30, 2023 (or July 30, 2023,
if the Company had executed a definitive agreement for a business combination by January 30, 2023) to July 30, 2024 (the Extension
Amendment Proposal ). In connection with the Extension Proposal, the Company was required to permit public stockholders
to redeem their shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. Of the shares of the company s Class A common
stock outstanding, 

The underwriter has agreed to waive its
rights to its deferred underwriting commission (see Note 6) held in the Trust Account in the event the Company does not complete
a Business Combination within the Combination Period and, in such event, such amounts will be included with the other funds held
in the Trust Account that will be available to fund the redemption of the Public Shares. In the event of such distribution, it
is possible that the per share value of the assets remaining available for distribution will be less than the Initial Public Offering
price per Unit. 

In order to protect the amounts in the
Trust Account, the Sponsor has agreed that it will be liable to the Company if and to the extent any claims by a third party (other
than the Company s independent registered accounting firm) for services rendered or products sold to the Company, or a prospective
target business with which the Company has discussed entering into a transaction agreement, reduce the amount of funds in the Trust
Account to below (i) per Public Share or (ii) the actual amount per Public Share held in the Trust Account as of the date
of the liquidation of the Trust Account, if less than per share due to reductions in the value of the trust assets, in each
case net of permitted withdrawals, except as to any claims by a third party (including such target business) that executed a waiver
of any and all rights to the monies held in the Trust Account (whether any such waiver is enforceable) and except as to any claims
under the Company s indemnity or contribution of the underwriter of the Initial Public Offering against certain liabilities,
including liabilities under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended (the Securities Act ). The Company will seek to
reduce the possibility that the Sponsor will have to indemnify the Trust Account due to claims of creditors by endeavoring to have
all vendors, service providers (other than the Company s independent registered accounting firm), prospective target businesses
or other entities with which the Company does business, execute agreements with the Company waiving any right, title, interest
or claim of any kind in or to monies held in the Trust Account. 

Going Concern Consideration 

As of December 31, 2022, the Company
had in cash held outside of the Trust Account and a working capital deficit of . The Company anticipates that
the cash held outside of the Trust Account as of December 31, 2022 will not be sufficient to allow the Company to operate
for at least the next 12 months from the issuance of the financial statements. Over this time period, the Company will be using
the funds held outside of the Trust Account for paying existing accounts payable and accrued liabilities, identifying and evaluating
prospective initial Business Combination candidates, performing due diligence on prospective target businesses, paying for travel
expenditures, selecting the target business to merge with or acquire, and structuring, negotiating and consummating the Business
Combination. These conditions raise substantial doubt about the Company s ability to continue as a going concern for a period
of time within one year after the date that the financial statements are issued. Management plans to address this uncertainty through
the Business Combination as discussed above. In addition, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company additional funds as may be required under the Working Capital
Loans (as defined in Note 5). There is no assurance that the Company s plans to consummate the Business Combination will
be successful or successful within the Combination Period or that the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the
Company s officers and directors will loan the Company funds as may be required under the Working Capital Loans. 

Risks and Uncertainties 

The credit and financial markets have experienced
extreme volatility and disruptions due to the current conflict between Ukraine and Russia. The conflict is expected to have further
global economic consequences, including but not limited to the possibility of severely diminished liquidity and credit availability,
declines in consumer confidence, declines in economic growth, increases in inflation rates and uncertainty about economic and political
stability. In addition, the United States and other countries have imposed sanctions on Russia which increases the risk that Russia,
as a retaliatory action, may launch cyberattacks against the United States, its government, infrastructure and businesses. Any
of the foregoing consequences, including those the Company cannot yet predict, may cause the Company s business, financial
condition, results of operations and the price of the Company s common stock to be adversely affected. 

Emerging Growth Company 

The Company is an emerging growth
company, as defined in Section 2(a) of the Securities Act, as modified by the Jumpstart Our Business Startups Act of 2012
(the JOBS Act ), and it may take advantage of certain exemptions from various reporting requirements that are applicable
to other public companies that are not emerging growth companies. 

The
JOBS Act provides that an emerging growth company can elect to opt out of the extended transition period and comply with the requirements
that apply to non-emerging growth companies but any such election to opt out is irrevocable. The Company has elected not to opt
out of such extended transition period which means that when a standard is issued or revised and it has different application dates
for public or private companies, the Company, as an emerging growth company, can adopt the new or revised standard at the time
private companies adopt the new or revised standard. This may make comparison of the Company s financial statements with
another public company which is neither an emerging growth company nor an emerging growth company which has opted out of using
the extended transition period difficult or impossible because of the potential differences in accounting standards used. 

to the Trustee. The Company does not have access to these funds. The
assets held with the Trustee were solely used in the payout of redeeming stockholders. Following the stockholder redemptions of
 and the transfer of to the operating bank account for payment
of taxes, remained in the account as of December 31, 2022. From the remaining restricted cash held with
Trustee, was payable to remaining redeeming stockholders. 

and shares, respectively, of Class A common stock subject to possible redemption
are presented at redemption value as temporary equity, outside of the stockholders deficit section of the Company s
balance sheets. 

The Company recognizes changes in redemption
value immediately as they occur and adjusts the carrying value of redeemable Class A common stock to equal the redemption value
at the end of each reporting period. Increases or decreases in the carrying amount of redeemable Class A common stock are recorded
against additional paid-in capital and accumulated deficit. The Company recorded an initial accretion of carrying value to redemption
valuation of 25,012,764 upon consummation of the Initial Public Offering. , as the holders of the Class A common stock
subject to redemption have the right to redeem their shares for a pro rata portion of the amount held in the Trust Account including
any pro rata gains earned on the funds held in the Trust Account and not previously released to the Company to pay its tax obligations. 

Less: 

Proceeds allocated to Public Warrants 

Issuance costs allocated to Class A common stock 

Plus: 

Initial accretion of carrying value to redemption value 

Subsequent accretion of carrying value to redemption value as of December 31, 2021 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2021 

Subsequent accretion of carrying value to redemption value as of December 31, 2022 

Stockholder redemption of shares at redemption value 

Class A common stock subject to possible redemption as of December 31, 2022 

As of December 31, 2022, of the above redemptions
were payable. 

as a result of the Initial Public Offering (consisting of of underwriting
fees, of deferred underwriting fees, of other offering costs, and of the excess fair value of the
Founder Shares sold over the purchase price of (see Note 5). Offering costs recorded to equity amounted to and
offering costs that were expensed amounted to 762,517. 

unrecognized tax benefits and amounts accrued for interest and penalties as of December 31, 2022
and December 31, 2021. The Company is currently not aware of any issues under review that could result in significant payments,
accruals or material deviation from its position. The Company is subject to income tax examinations by major taxing authorities
since inception. 

. None of the Company s Trust Account deposits
are held at SVB. Following the joint announcement issued by the Department of the Treasury, Federal Reserve, and FDIC on March
12, 2023, whereby the FDIC will complete its resolution of the receivership of SVB in a manner that fully protects all depositors,
we have access to all of our operating funds. We continue to actively monitor the evolving situation with SVB and will take appropriate
actions as needed. 

shares in the calculation of diluted income (loss) per share, since the exercise of the warrants is contingent upon
the occurrence of future events. In order to determine the net income (loss) attributable to both the public Class A common stock
and Class B common stock, the Company first considered the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares. This is calculated
using the total net income (loss) less any dividends paid. For purposes of calculating net income (loss) per share, any remeasurement
of the accretion to redemption value of the Class A common stock subject to possible redemption was considered to be dividends
paid to the public stockholders. Subsequent to calculating the total income (loss) allocable to both sets of shares, the Company
split the amount to be allocated using a ratio of for the Class A common stock and for the for the year ended December
31, 2022 and a ratio of for the Class A common stock and for the Class B common stock for the period from March 1, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021, reflective of the respective participation rights. 

Less: Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption amount 

Net income (loss) including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

For the year ended December 31, 2022 
 For the Period from March 1, 2021 (inception) Through December 31, 2021 

Class A 
 Class B 
 Class A 
 Class B 
 
 Basic and diluted net income per share: 

Numerator: 

Net income (loss) including accretion of temporary equity to redemption value 

Accretion of Class A common stock to redemption amount 

Net income (loss) 

Denominator: 

Weighted Average Common Shares 

Basic and diluted net income (loss) per common share 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, no Founder Shares remain subject to forfeiture, as such the Company did not have any dilutive securities and other contracts
that could, potentially, be exercised or converted into common stock and share in earnings. As a result, diluted income (loss)
per share is the same as basic income (loss) per share for the periods presented. 

The fair value of the Company s financial
assets and liabilities, other than the investments held in the Trust Account and warrant liabilities, approximate the carrying
amounts represented in the accompanying balance sheets, primarily due to their short-term nature. 

Level 1 Assets and liabilities
with unadjusted, quoted prices listed on active market exchanges. Inputs to the fair value measurement are observable inputs, such
as quoted prices in active markets for identical assets or liabilities. 

Level 2 Inputs to the fair value
measurement are determined using prices for recently traded assets and liabilities with similar underlying terms, as well as direct
or indirect observable inputs, such as interest rates and yield curves that are observable at commonly quoted intervals. 

Level 3 Inputs to the fair value
measurement are unobservable inputs, such as estimates, assumptions, and valuation techniques when little or no market data exists
for the assets or liabilities. 

See Note 10 for additional information
on assets and liabilities measured at fair value. 

Units, at a purchase price of per Unit. Each Unit consists of one share of Class A common stock
and one-half of one redeemable warrant Public Warrant ). Each Public Warrant entitles the holder to purchase one 
share of Class A common stock at an exercise price of per whole share (see Note 7). 

The Company had granted the underwriter
in the Initial Public Offering a 45 -day option to purchase up to additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On
August 20, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Over-Allotment
Units, generating gross proceeds of , and incurred in cash underwriting fees and that will be payable
to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. 

Private Placement Warrants at a price of per Private
Placement Warrant in the aggregate). Each Private Placement Warrant is exercisable to purchase one share of Class A
common stock at a price of per share. The proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants were added to the net
proceeds from the Initial Public Offering held in the Trust Account. If the Company does not complete a Business Combination within
the Combination Period, the proceeds from the sale of the Private Placement Warrants will be used to fund the redemption of the
Public Shares (subject to the requirements of applicable law) and the Private Placement Warrants will expire worthless. Upon the
purchase of the Private Placement Warrants by the Sponsor, the Company recorded the excess proceeds received over the fair value
of the Private Placement Warrants as additional paid-in capital. 

Simultaneously with the underwriter partially
exercising the over-allotment option, the Sponsor purchased an additional Over-Allotment Private Placement Warrants at
a price of per Over-Allotment Private Placement Warrant in the aggregate). 

F- 16 

SEP ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

to cover certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of shares of Class B common
stock (the Founder Shares ). The outstanding Founder Shares included an aggregate of up to shares of Class
B common stock subject to forfeiture by the Sponsor to the extent that the underwriter s over-allotment option was not exercised
in full or in part, so that the Sponsor would own, on an as-converted basis, of the Company s issued and outstanding
shares after the Initial Public Offering (assuming the Sponsor did not purchase any Public Shares in the Initial Public Offering).
The underwriter partially exercised its over-allotment option on August 20, 2021 and forfeited the remainder of the option; thus,
 Founder Shares were forfeited by the Sponsor. 

A total of ten anchor investors purchased
 Units in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of per Unit; seven anchor investors purchased 
Units in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of per Unit, and such allocations were determined by the underwriter;
 one anchor investor purchased Units in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of per unit; and two 
anchor investors purchased Units in the Initial Public Offering at the offering price of per Unit. In connection
with the purchase of such Units, the anchor investors have not been granted any stockholder or other rights in addition to those
afforded to the Company s other public stockholders. Further, the anchor investors are not required to (i) hold any Units,
Class A common stock or warrants they may purchase in the Initial Public Offering or thereafter for any amount of time, (ii) vote
any Class A common stock they may own at the applicable time in favor of the Business Combination or (iii) refrain from exercising
their right to redeem their Public Shares at the time of the Business Combination. The anchor investors will have the same rights
to the funds held in the Trust Account with respect to the Class A common stock underlying the Units they purchased in the Initial
Public Offering as the rights afforded to the Company s other public stockholders. 

Each anchor investor has entered into separate
investment agreements with the Company and the Sponsor pursuant to which each anchor investor purchased a specified number of Founder
Shares, or an aggregate of Founder Shares, from the Sponsor for per share, or an aggregate purchase price of 
at the closing of the Initial Public Offering, which was subject to such anchor investor s acquisition of of the Units
allocated to it by the underwriter in the Initial Public Offering. Pursuant to the investment agreements, the anchor investors
have agreed to (a) vote any Founder Shares held by them in favor of the Business Combination and (b) subject any Founder Shares
held by them to the same lock-up restrictions as the Founder Shares held by the Sponsor and independent directors. 

The Company estimated the fair value of
the Founder Shares attributable to the anchor investors to be or per share. The excess of the fair value of the
Founder Shares sold over the purchase price of (or per share) was determined to be an offering cost in accordance
with Staff Accounting Bulletin Topic 5A. Accordingly, the offering costs were allocated to the separable financial instruments
issued in the Initial Public Offering in proportion to the amount allocated to the Class A common stock and Public Warrants, compared
to total proceeds received. Offering costs allocated to derivative warrant liabilities were expensed immediately in the statement
of operations. Offering costs allocated to the Public Shares were charged to temporary equity upon the completion of the Initial
Public Offering. 

Promissory Note - Related Party 

On March 4, 2021, the Company issued an
unsecured promissory note to the Sponsor (the Promissory Note ), pursuant to which the Company could borrow up to
an aggregate of to cover expenses related to the Initial Public Offering. The Promissory Note was non-interest bearing
and was payable on the earlier of (i) August 30, 2021 or (ii) the consummation of the Initial Public Offering. As of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021 there was no outstanding balance under the Promissory Note. The outstanding balance under the Promissory
Note was repaid at the closing of the Initial Public Offering on July 30, 2021. 

On October 11, 2022, the Company issued
an unsecured Second Promissory Note (the Second Promissory Note to the Sponsor, pursuant to which the Company could
borrow up to from the Second Promissory Note at a interest rate on or before October 11, 2024 to cover, among other
things, expenses related to a business combination. On October 11, 2022, the Company borrowed under the Second Promissory
Note. Between December 21, 2022 and December 27, 2022 the Company borrowed a total of under the Second Promissory Note
bringing the total drawdowns to as of December 31, 2022. 

Administrative Support Agreement 

The Company entered into an agreement to
pay the Sponsor a total of per month for administrative, financial and support services. Upon the completion of an initial
Business Combination, the Company will cease paying these monthly fees. As of July 1, 2022, the administrative support agreement
was terminated and no further expense was incurred. For the year ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021
(inception) through December 31, 2021, the Company incurred expenses and , respectively under this agreement. 

Related Party Loans 

In addition, in order to finance transaction
costs in connection with a Business Combination, the Sponsor or an affiliate of the Sponsor, or certain of the Company s
officers and directors may, but are not obligated to, loan the Company additional funds as may be required Working Capital
Loans ). If the Company completes a Business Combination, the Company would repay the Working Capital Loans out of the proceeds
held in the Trust Account released to the Company. Otherwise, the Working Capital Loans would be repaid only out of funds held
outside the Trust Account. In the event that a Business Combination is not completed, the Company may use a portion of the proceeds
held outside the Trust Account to repay the Working Capital Loans but no proceeds held in the Trust Account would be used to repay
the Working Capital Loans. Except for the foregoing, the terms of such Working Capital Loans, if any, have not been determined
and no written agreements exist with respect to such loans. The Working Capital Loans would either be repaid upon consummation
of a Business Combination, without interest, or, at the lender s discretion, up to of such Working Capital Loans
may be convertible into warrants at a price of per warrant. The warrants would be identical to the Private Placement Warrants. As of December 31, 2022 and 2021, Working Capital Loans were outstanding. 

additional Units to cover over-allotments, if any. On
August 20, 2021, the underwriter partially exercised the over-allotment option and purchased an additional Units (the Over-Allotment
Units ), generating gross proceeds of , and incurred in cash underwriting fees and that will
be payable to the underwriter for deferred underwriting commissions. 

The underwriter was paid a cash underwriting
discount of per Unit, or in the aggregate, upon the closing of the Initial Public Offering and partial exercise
of the over-allotment option. In addition, per unit, or in the aggregate will be payable to the underwriter for
deferred underwriting commissions. The deferred fee will become payable to the underwriter from the amounts held in the Trust Account
solely in the event that the Company completes a Business Combination, subject to the terms of the underwriting agreement. 

th) business day after the closing of an initial Business Combination, warrant holders may, until such time
as there is an effective registration statement and during any period when the Company will have failed to maintain an effective
registration statement, exercise warrants on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities
Act or another exemption. Notwithstanding the above, if the Company s shares of Class A common stock are at the time of any
exercise of a warrant not listed on a national securities exchange such that they satisfy the definition of a covered security 
under Section 18(b)(1) of the Securities Act, the Company may, at its option, require holders of Public Warrants who exercise their
warrants to do so on a cashless basis in accordance with Section 3(a)(9) of the Securities Act and, in the event
the Company so elects, the Company will not be required to file or maintain in effect a registration statement, and in the event
the Company does not so elect, the Company will use its commercially reasonable efforts to register or qualify the shares under
applicable blue sky laws to the extent an exemption is not available. 

Redemption of warrants when the price
per Class A common stock equals or exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the
outstanding warrants (except with respect to the Private Placement Warrants): 

in whole and not in part; 

at a price of per warrant; 

upon not less than days prior written notice of redemption to each warrant holder; and 

if, and only if, the last reported sale price of the Class A common stock for any trading days
within a -trading day period ending on the third trading day prior to the date on which the Company sends the notice of redemption
to the warrant holders (the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions,
share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like). 

If and when the warrants become redeemable
by the Company, the Company may exercise its redemption right even if the Company is unable to register or qualify the underlying
securities for sale under all applicable state securities laws. However, the Company will not redeem the warrants unless an effective
registration statement under the Securities Act covering the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon exercise of the warrants
is effective and a current prospectus relating to those shares of Class A common stock is available throughout the -day redemption
period. 

Redemption of warrants when the price
per Class A common stock equals or exceeds Once the warrants become exercisable, the Company may redeem the
outstanding warrants: 

in whole and not in part; 

at per warrant upon a minimum of days prior written notice of redemption; provided
that holders will be able to exercise their warrants on a cashless basis prior to redemption and receive that number of shares
based on the redemption date and the fair market value of the Company s Class A common stock; 

if, and only if, the Reference Value equals or exceeds per share (as adjusted for share
sub-divisions, share dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like); and 

if the Reference Value is less than per share (as adjusted for share sub-divisions, share
dividends, rights issuances, reorganizations, recapitalizations and the like), the Private Placement Warrants must also be concurrently
called for redemption on the same terms as the outstanding Public Warrants, as described above. 

The fair market value of the Company s
Class A common stock shall mean the volume weighted average price of the Class A common stock during the trading days immediately
following the date on which the notice of redemption is sent to the holders of warrants. The Company will provide its warrant holders
with the final fair market value no later than one business day after the -trading day period described above ends. In no event
will the warrants be exercisable on a cashless basis in connection with this redemption feature for more than shares of Class
A common stock per warrant (subject to adjustment). 

In addition, if (x) the Company issues
additional shares of Class A common stock or equity-linked securities for capital raising purposes in connection with the closing
of an initial Business Combination at an issue price or effective issue price of less than per share of Class A common stock
(with such issue price or effective issue price to be determined in good faith by the Company s board of directors and, in the
case of any such issuance to the Sponsors or its affiliates, without taking into account any Founder Shares held by the Sponsor
or such affiliates, as applicable, prior to such issuance (the Newly Issued Price ), (y) the aggregate gross proceeds
from such issuances represent more than of the total equity proceeds, and interest thereon, available for the funding of an
initial Business Combination on the date of the completion of an initial Business Combination (net of redemptions), and (z) the
volume-weighted average trading price of the shares of Class A common stock during the 20 trading day period starting on the trading
day prior to the day on which the Company completes an initial Business Combination (such price, the Market Value is below per share, the exercise price of the warrants will be adjusted (to the nearest cent) to be equal to of the
higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, and the and per share redemption trigger prices described
adjacent to Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds and
 Redemption of warrants when the price per share of Class A common stock equals or exceeds will be adjusted
(to the nearest cent) to be equal to and of the higher of the Market Value and the Newly Issued Price, respectively. 

The Private Placement Warrants will be
identical to the Public Warrants, except that the Private Placement Warrants and the shares of Class A common stock issuable upon
the exercise of the Private Placement Warrants will not be transferable, assignable or salable until days after the completion
of a Business Combination, subject to certain limited exceptions. Additionally, the Private Placement Warrants will be exercisable
on a cashless basis and be non-redeemable so long as they are held by the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees. If
the Private Placement Warrants are held by someone other than the initial purchasers or their permitted transferees, the Private
Placement Warrants will be redeemable by the Company and exercisable by such holders on the same basis as the Public Warrants. 

As of December 31, 2022, there were
 Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants outstanding. The Company accounts for the Public Warrants and
Private Placement Warrants in accordance with the guidance contained in Derivatives and Hedging - Contracts in Entity s
Own Equity (Subtopic 815-40). Such guidance provides that because the warrants do not meet the criteria for equity treatment
thereunder, each warrant must be recorded as a liability. 

The accounting treatment of derivative
financial instruments required that the Company record the warrants as derivative liabilities at fair value upon the closing of
the Initial Public Offering. The Public Warrants were allocated a portion of the proceeds from the issuance of the Units equal
to its fair value. The warrant liabilities are subject to re-measurement at each balance sheet date. With each such re-measurement,
the warrant liabilities are adjusted to current fair value, with the change in fair value recognized in the Company s statement
of operations. The Company will reassess the classification at each balance sheet date. If the classification changes as a result
of events during the period, the warrants will be reclassified as of the date of the event that causes the reclassification. 

preferred stock with a par value of per share with such designations, voting and
other rights and preferences as may be determined from time to time by the Company s board of directors. As of December 31,
2022 and December 31, 2021, there were no preferred shares issued or outstanding. 

Class A common stock 
The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class A common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of
Class A common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were
0 shares of Class A common stock issued and outstanding, excluding 1,304,259 and Class A common stock subject to possible
redemption, respectively. In connection with the Extension Amendment holders of 16,737,241 shares of the Company s Class A common
stock elected to redeem their shares at a per share redemption price of approximately 10.22, following the redemptions, the Company
had 1,304,259 shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock outstanding. 

Class B common stock 
The Company is authorized to issue shares of Class B common stock with a par value of per share. Holders of
Class B common stock are entitled to one vote for each share. On March 4, 2021, the Sponsor paid an aggregate of to cover
certain expenses on behalf of the Company in exchange for the issuance of Class B common stock. The underwriter partially
exercised their over-allotment option on August 20, 2021 and forfeited the remainder of the option; thus, shares of
Class B common stock were forfeited by the Sponsor. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, there were 
shares of Class B common stock issued and outstanding. 

Only holders of Class B common stock will
have the right to elect all of the Company s directors prior to the consummation of an initial Business Combination. 

The shares of Class B common stock will
automatically convert into shares of Class A common stock at the time of an initial Business Combination on a -for-one basis,
subject to adjustment. In the case that additional shares of Class A common stock, or equity-linked securities, are issued or deemed
issued in excess of the amounts sold in the Initial Public Offering and related to the closing of an initial Business Combination,
the ratio at which shares of Class B common stock shall convert into shares of Class A common stock will be adjusted (unless the
holders of a majority of the outstanding shares of Class B common stock agree to waive such anti-dilution adjustment with respect
to any such issuance or deemed issuance) so that the number of shares of Class A common stock issuable upon conversion of all shares
of Class B common stock will equal, in the aggregate, on an as-converted basis, of the total number of all shares of common
stock outstanding upon completion of the Initial Public Offering plus all shares of Class A common stock and equity-linked securities
issued or deemed issued in connection with an initial Business Combination (net of the number of shares of Class A common stock
redeemed in connection with an initial Business Combination), excluding any shares or equity-linked securities issued, or to be
issued, to any seller in an initial Business Combination and any warrants issued upon the conversion of Working Capital Loans made
to the Company. 

F- 21 

SEP ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Net operating loss carryforwards 

Total deferred tax assets 

Valuation allowance 

Deferred tax liabilities: 

Unrealized gain on investments 

Total deferred tax liabilities 

Deferred tax assets, net of allowance 

Deferred 

State 

Current 

Deferred 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

As of December 31, 2022 and December 31,
2021, the Company has available U.S. federal operating loss carry forwards of approximately and that may be carried
forward indefinitely, respectively. 

In assessing the realization of deferred tax assets, management considers whether it is more likely than
not that some portion or all of the deferred tax assets will not be realized. The ultimate realization of deferred tax assets is
dependent upon the generation of future taxable income during the periods in which temporary differences representing future deductible
amounts become deductible. Management considers the scheduled reversal of deferred tax assets, projected future taxable income
and tax planning strategies in making this assessment. After consideration of all the information available, management believes
that significant uncertainty exists with respect to future realization of the deferred tax assets and has therefore established
a full valuation allowance. As of December 31, 2022, the valuation allowance was . For the period from March 1, 2021 (inception)
through December 31, 2021, the change in the valuation allowance was . 

State taxes, net of federal tax benefit 

Change in fair value of derivative warrant liabilities 

Non-deductible transaction costs 

Change in valuation allowance 

Income tax provision 

The Company files income tax returns in
the U.S. federal jurisdiction which remain open and subject to examination. 

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 

Description 
 Amount at Fair Value 
 Level 1 
 Level 2 
 Level 3 
 
 December 31, 2021 

Assets 

Investments held in Trust Account: 

U.S. government treasury obligations 

Liabilities 

Warrant liability Public Warrants 

Warrant liability Private Placement Warrants 

In connection with the Extension Proposal (Note 1), the Company
was required to permit public stockholders to redeem their shares of the Company s Class A Common Stock. Prior the redemption of
shares the fair value amount of Investments held in Trust Account was 185,001,686, of which 161,957,835 was redeemed by shareholders
and 575,087 was transferred to the Company s operating bank account for payment of taxes. 

Upon initial measurement as of July 30,
2021, the Company utilized a binomial/lattice model to value the Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants. The estimated
fair value upon the initial measurement of the warrant liabilities as of July 30, 2021, was determined using Level 3 inputs. The
Company estimated volatility based on research on comparable companies with the same type of warrants along with the implied volatilities
shortly after they start trading. The risk-free interest rate was based on the U.S. Treasury zero-coupon yield curve on the grant
date for a maturity similar to the expected remaining life of the warrants. The expected life of the warrants was assumed to be
equivalent to their remaining contractual term. The dividend rate was based on the historical rate, which the Company anticipated
to remain at zero. As of December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, since both Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants
are subject to the certain make-whole provisions, Private Placement Warrants will have the same value as the Public Warrants and
the public trading price is used. 

Transfers to/from Levels 1, 2 and 3 are
recognized at the end of the reporting period. The estimated fair value of the Public Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement
to a Level 1 fair value measurement in September 2021 after the Public Warrants were separately listed and traded. The estimated
fair value of the Private Placement Warrants transferred from a Level 3 measurement to a Level 2 fair value measurement in September
2021 due to the use of an observable market quote for a similar asset in an active market. 

Exercise price 

Dividend yield 

Expected term (in years) 
 5.5 
 
 Volatility 

Risk-free rate 

Fair value 

Initial measurement of Public Warrants and Private Placement Warrants upon exercise of over-allotment on August 20, 2021 

Transfer of Public Warrants to Level 1 measurement 

Transfer of Private Placement Warrants to Level 2 measurement 

Change in fair value 

Fair value as of December 31, 2021 

Fair value as of December 31, 2022 

The Company recognized a gain in connection
with changes in the fair value of warrant liabilities of and within the statement of operations for the year
ended December 31, 2022 and for the period from March 1, 2021 (inception) through December 31, 2021, respectively. The gain on
the change in fair value of warrant liabilities was due in large part to the decrease in the public traded price of the Public
Warrants. 

F- 24 

SEP ACQUISITION CORP. 

 NOTES TO FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

 DECEMBER 31, 2022 

of the shares of Class A Common Stock he
is deemed to beneficially own through Mercury Houston Partners, LLC and Mercury Affiliates XI, LLC by means of private sales to
unaffiliated buyers. 

F- 25 

<EX-31.1>
 2
 g083444_ex31-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-1

Exhibit
31.1 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
R. Andrew White, certify that: 

1. I
have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SEP Acquisition Corp. for the year ended December 31, 2022; 

2. Based
on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary
to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect
to the period covered by this report; 

3. Based
on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material
respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
in this report; 

4. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and
procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined
in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
 the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
 financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5. The
registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over
financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or
persons performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
 control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
 a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Andrew White 

R. Andrew White 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 
 
 (Principal Executive Officer) 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 3
 g083444_ex31-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 31-2

Exhibit
31.2 

CERTIFICATION 

I,
Winston Gilpin, certify that: 

1. I
 have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of SEP Acquisition Corp. for the year ended
 December 31, 2022; 

2. Based
 on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact
 or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the
 circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the
 period covered by this report; 

3. Based
 on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in
 this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results
 of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented
 in this report; 

4. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I are responsible for establishing
 and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules
 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange
 Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

(a) Designed
 such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures
 to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to
 the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others
 within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared; 

(b) Designed
 such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over
 financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance
 regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements
 for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

(c) Evaluated
 the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented
 in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and
 procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation;
 and 

(d) Disclosed
 in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting
 that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s
 fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected,
 or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control
 over financial reporting; and 

5. The
 registrant s other certifying officer(s) and I have disclosed, based on our most
 recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s
 auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons
 performing the equivalent functions): 

(a) All
 significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal
 control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the
 registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information;
 and 

(b) Any
 fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have
 a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

/s/
 Winston Gilpin 

Winston Gilpin 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 
 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 4
 g083444_ex32-1.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-1

Exhibit
32.1 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of SEP Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the
capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 R. Andrew White 

R.
 Andrew White 
 
 President and Chief Executive Officer 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 5
 g083444_ex32-2.htm
 EXHIBIT 32-2

Exhibit
32.2 

CERTIFICATION
PURSUANT TO 

 18
U.S.C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO 

 SECTION
906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In
connection with the Annual Report of SEP Acquisition Corp. (the Company on Form 10-K for the period ending December
31, 2022 as filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission on the date hereof (the Report ), I certify, in the
capacity and on the date indicated below, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, as adopted pursuant to 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

(1) The
 Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities
 Exchange Act of 1934; and 

(2) The
 information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial
 condition and results of operations of the Company. 

Date:
March 31, 2023 

By: 
 /s/
 Winston Gilpin 

Winston
 Gilpin 
 
 Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 6
 meac-20221231.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 8
 meac-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 9
 meac-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 10
 meac-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

