<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230222_10-K_edgar_data_91576_0000091576-23-000026.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>46942401</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>711283</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>9405947</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>18094924</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>9046575</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>8757931</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>18</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0000091576-23-000026.hdr.sgml : 20230222
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230222151902
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0000091576-23-000026
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		250
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221231
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230222
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230222

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			KEYCORP /NEW/
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000091576
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	NATIONAL COMMERCIAL BANKS [6021]
		IRS NUMBER:				346542451
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			OH
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1231

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-11302
		FILM NUMBER:		23652808

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		127 PUBLIC SQ
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44114-1306
		BUSINESS PHONE:		2166896300

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		127 PUBLIC SQ
		CITY:			CLEVELAND
		STATE:			OH
		ZIP:			44114-1306

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	SOCIETY CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19920703

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0000091576-23-000026.txt : 20230222

10-K
 1
 key-20221231.htm
 10-K

key-20221231 
 
 Table of contents 

 UNITED STATES SECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION 
 Washington, D.C. 20549 
 FORM 
 ANNUAL REPORT 
 PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) 
 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 For the fiscal year ended 
 , 2022 
 Commission file number: 

Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter: 
 State or other jurisdiction of incorporation or organization: I.R.S. Employer Identification Number: 
 Address of principal executive offices: Zip Code: 
 ) 
 Registrant s telephone number, including area code: 
 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(b) OF THE ACT: 
 Title of each class Trading Symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered 

Depositary Shares (each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of Fixed-to-Floating Rate 

Depositary Shares (each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of Fixed Rate Perpetual Non- 

Depositary Shares (each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of Fixed Rate Perpetual Non- 

Depositary Shares (each representing a 1/40th interest in a share of Fixed Rate Reset Perpetual Non- 
 SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO SECTION 12(g) OF THE ACT: NONE 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. No 
 Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to file such reports), and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this Chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, a smaller reporting company, or an emerging growth company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer, accelerated filer, smaller reporting company, and emerging growth company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. 
 
 Accelerated filer Non-accelerated filer Smaller reporting company 
 Emerging growth company 
 
 If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its audit report. 
 If securities are registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act, indicate by check mark whether the financial statements of the registrant included in the filing reflect the correction of an error to previous issued financial statements. 
 Indicate by check mark whether any of those error corrections are restatements that required a recovery analysis of incentive-based compensation received by any of the registrant s executive officers during the relevant recovery period pursuant to 240.10D-1(b). 
 Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act). Yes No 

Table of contents 

 The aggregate market value of voting and non-voting common stock held by nonaffiliates of the Registrant was (based on the June 30, 2022, closing price of KeyCorp Common Shares of 17.23 as reported on the New York Stock Exchange). As of February 20, 2023, there were Common Shares outstanding. 

Table of contents 

 Forward-looking Statements 
 
 From time to time, we have made or will make forward-looking statements within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. These statements do not relate strictly to historical or current facts. Forward-looking statements usually can be identified by the use of words such as goal, objective, plan, expect, assume, anticipate, intend, project, believe, estimate, will, would, should, could, or other words of similar meaning. Forward-looking statements provide our current expectations or forecasts of future events, circumstances, results or aspirations. Our disclosures in this report contain forward-looking statements. We may also make forward-looking statements in other documents filed with or furnished to the SEC. In addition, we may make forward-looking statements orally to analysts, investors, representatives of the media and others. 
 
 Forward-looking statements, by their nature, are subject to assumptions, risks, and uncertainties, many of which are outside of our control. Our actual results may differ materially from those set forth in our forward-looking statements. There is no assurance that any list of risks and uncertainties or risk factors is complete. In addition, no assurance can be given that any plan, initiative, projection, goal, commitment, expectation, or prospect set forth in this report can or will be achieved. Factors that could cause our actual results to differ from those described in forward-looking statements include, but are not limited to: 
 
 our concentrated credit exposure in commercial and industrial loans; 
 deterioration of commercial real estate market fundamentals; 
 defaults by our loan clients or counterparties; 
 adverse changes in credit quality trends; 
 declining asset prices; 
 deterioration of asset quality and an increase in credit losses; 
 labor shortages and supply chain constraints, as well as the impact of inflation; 
 the extensive regulation of the U.S. financial services industry; 
 changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations; 
 operational or risk management failures by us or critical third parties; 
 breaches of security or failures of our technology systems due to technological or other factors and cybersecurity threats; 
 negative outcomes from claims or litigation; 
 failure or circumvention of our controls and procedures; 
 the occurrence of natural disasters, which may be exacerbated by climate change; 
 societal responses to climate change; 
 increased operational risks resulting from remote work; 
 evolving capital and liquidity standards under applicable regulatory rules; 
 disruption of the U.S. financial system, including the impact of inflation and a potential global economic downturn or recession; 
 the impact of any failure by the U.S. government to increase the debt ceiling or any government shutdown; 
 our ability to receive dividends from our subsidiaries, including KeyBank; 
 unanticipated changes in our liquidity position, including but not limited to, changes in our access to or the cost of funding and our ability to secure alternative funding sources; 
 downgrades in our credit ratings or those of KeyBank; 
 a worsening of the U.S. economy due to financial, political or other shocks; 
 our ability to anticipate interest rate changes and manage interest rate risk; 
 uncertainty surrounding the transition from LIBOR to an alternate reference rate; 
 deterioration of economic conditions in the geographic regions where we operate; 
 the soundness of other financial institutions; 
 our ability to manage our reputational risks; 
 our ability to timely and effectively implement our strategic initiatives; 
 increased competitive pressure; 
 our ability to adapt our products and services to industry standards and consumer preferences; 
 our ability to attract and retain talented executives and employees; 
 unanticipated adverse effects of strategic partnerships or acquisitions and dispositions of assets or businesses; and 
 our ability to develop and effectively use the quantitative models we rely upon in our business planning. 
 
 Any forward-looking statements made by us or on our behalf speak only as of the date they are made, and we do not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect the impact of subsequent events or 
 3 

Table of contents 

 circumstances, except as required by applicable securities laws. Before making an investment decision, you should carefully consider all risks and uncertainties disclosed in our SEC filings, including this report on Form 10-K and our subsequent reports on Forms 10-Q and 8-K and our registration statements under the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, all of which are or will upon filing be accessible on the SEC s website at www.sec.gov and on our website at www.key.com/ir. 

Terminology 
 
 Throughout this discussion, references to Key, we, our, us, and similar terms refer to the consolidated entity consisting of KeyCorp and its subsidiaries. KeyCorp refers solely to the parent holding company, and KeyBank refers solely to KeyCorp s subsidiary bank, KeyBank National Association. KeyBank (consolidated) refers to the consolidated entity consisting of KeyBank and its subsidiaries. 
 
 We want to explain some industry-specific terms at the outset so you can better understand the discussion that follows. 
 
 We use the phrase continuing operations in this document to mean all of our businesses other than our government-guaranteed and private education lending business, which have been accounted for as discontinued operations since 2009. 
 We engage in capital markets activities primarily through business conducted by our Commercial Bank segment . These activities encompass a variety of products and services. Among other things, we trade securities as a dealer, enter into derivative contracts (both to accommodate clients financing needs and to mitigate certain risks), and conduct transactions in foreign currencies (to accommodate clients needs). 
 For regulatory purposes, capital is divided into two classes. Federal regulations currently prescribe that at least one-half of a bank or BHC s total risk-based capital must qualify as Tier 1 capital . Both total and Tier 1 capital serve as bases for several measures of capital adequacy, which is an important indicator of financial stability and condition. Banking regulators evaluate a component of Tier 1 capital, known as Common Equity Tier 1 , under the Regulatory Capital Rules . The Capital section of this report under the heading Capital adequacy provides more information on total capital, Tier 1 capital, and the Regulatory Capital Rules, including Common Equity Tier 1, and describes how these measures are calculated. 
 
 4 

Table of contents 

 The acronyms and abbreviations identified below are used in the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements as well as in the Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations. You may find it helpful to refer back to this page as you read this report. 
 ABO: Accumulated benefit obligation. 
 ALCO: Asset/Liability Management Committee. 
 ALLL: Allowance for loan and lease losses. 
 A/LM: Asset/liability management. 
 AML: Anti-money laundering. 
 AOCI: Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss). 
 APBO: Accumulated postretirement benefit obligation. 
 AQN Strategies: Arbitria Quum Notitia, LLC. 
 ARRC: Alternative Reference Rates Committee. 
 ASC: Accounting Standards Codification. 
 ASR: Accelerated Stock Repurchase. 
 ASU: Accounting Standards Update. 
 ATMs: Automated teller machines. 
 BSA: Bank Secrecy Act. 
 BHCA: Bank Holding Company Act of 1956, as amended. 
 BHCs: Bank holding companies. 
 Board: KeyCorp Board of Directors. 
 CAPM: Capital Asset Pricing Model. 
 CARES Act: Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act. 
 CCAR: Comprehensive Capital Analysis and Review. 
 Cain Brothers: Cain Brothers Company, LLC. 
 CECL: Current Expected Credit Losses. 
 CFPB: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, also known as the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection. 
 CFTC: Commodities Futures Trading Commission. 
 CMBS: Commercial mortgage-backed securities. 
 CMO: Collateralized mortgage obligation. 
 Common Shares: KeyCorp common shares, 1 par value. 
 CVA: Credit Valuation Adjustment. 
 DCF: Discounted cash flow. 
 DIF: Deposit Insurance Fund of the FDIC. 
 Dodd-Frank Act: Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and 
 Consumer Protection Act of 2010. 
 EAD: Exposure at default. 
 EBITDA: Earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation, and 
 amortization. 
 EPS: Earnings per share. 
 ERISA: Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. 
 ERM: Enterprise risk management. 
 ESG: Environmental, social, and governance 
 EVE: Economic value of equity. 
 FASB: Financial Accounting Standards Board. 
 FDIA: Federal Deposit Insurance Act, as amended. 
 FDIC: Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation. 
 Federal Reserve: Board of Governors of the Federal Reserve 
 System. 
 FHLB: Federal Home Loan Bank of Cincinnati. 
 FHLMC: Federal Home Loan Mortgage Corporation. 
 FICO: Fair Isaac Corporation. 
 FINRA: Financial Industry Regulatory Authority. 
 First Niagara: First Niagara Financial Group, Inc. 
 FNMA: Federal National Mortgage Association. 
 FSOC: Financial Stability Oversight Council. 
 FVA: Fair value of employee benefit plan assets. 
 GAAP: U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 GNMA: Government National Mortgage Association. 
 HTC: Historic tax credit. 
 IRS: Internal Revenue Service. 
 ISDA: International Swaps and Derivatives Association. 
 KBCM: KeyBanc Capital Markets, Inc. 
 KCC: Key Capital Corporation. 
 KCDC: Key Community Development Corporation. 
 KCIC: Key Community Investment Capital LLC. 
 KEF: Key Equipment Finance. 
 LCR: Liquidity coverage ratio. 
 LGD: Loss given default. 
 LIBOR: London Interbank Offered Rate. 
 LIHTC: Low-income housing tax credit. 
 LTV: Loan-to-value. 
 Moody s: Moody s Investor Services, Inc. 
 MRM: Market Risk Management group. 
 MRC: Market Risk Committee. 
 N/A: Not applicable. 
 NAV: Net asset value. 
 NFA: National Futures Association. 
 N/M: Not meaningful. 
 NMTC: New market tax credit. 
 NOW: Negotiable Order of Withdrawal. 
 NPR: Notice of proposed rulemaking. 
 NYSE: New York Stock Exchange. 
 OCC: Office of the Comptroller of the Currency. 
 OCI: Other comprehensive income (loss). 
 OREO: Other real estate owned. 
 PBO: Projected benefit obligation. 
 PCCR: Purchased credit card relationship. 
 PCD: Purchased credit deteriorated. 
 PD: Probability of default. 
 PPP: Paycheck Protection Program. 
 RMBS: Residential mortgage-backed securities. 
 S P: Standard and Poor s Ratings Services, a Division of The McGraw-Hill Companies, Inc. 
 SEC: U.S. Securities Exchange Commission. 
 SIFIs: Systemically important financial institutions, including large, interconnected BHCs and nonbank financial companies designated by FSOC for supervision by the Federal Reserve. 
 SOFR: Secured Overnight Financing Rate. 
 TDR: Troubled debt restructuring. 
 TE: Taxable-equivalent. 
 U.S. Treasury: United States Department of the Treasury. 
 VaR: Value at risk. 
 VEBA: Voluntary Employee Beneficiary Association. 
 VIE: Variable interest entity. 

5 

Table of contents 

 KEYCORP 
 2022 FORM 10-K ANNUAL REPORT 
 TABLE OF CONTENTS 
 Item 
 Number 
 Page 
 Number 
 PART I 1 Business 
 7 
 1A Risk Factors 
 29 
 1B Unresolved Staff Comments 
 44 
 2 Properties 
 44 
 3 Legal Proceedings 
 44 
 4 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 44 
 PART II 5 Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 45 
 6 RESERVED 
 46 
 7 Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 46 
 7A Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk 
 94 
 8 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 95 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 96 
 Reports of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 97 
 Consolidated Financial Statements and Related Notes 
 100 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 100 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 101 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 102 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 103 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 104 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 105 
 9 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 176 
 9A Controls and Procedures 
 176 
 9B Other Information 
 176 
 9C Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 176 
 PART III 10 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 176 
 11 Executive Compensation 
 177 
 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 177 
 13 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions, and Director Independence 
 177 
 14 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 177 
 PART IV 15 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 177 
 (a) (1) Financial Statements See listing in Item 8 above 
 177 
 (a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules None required 
 177 
 (a) (3) Exhibits 
 178 
 16 Form 10-K Summary 
 180 
 Signatures 
 181 
 
 6 

Table of contents 

 PART I 
 
 ITEM 1. BUSINESS 
 
 Overview 
 
 KeyCorp, organized in 1958 under the laws of the State of Ohio, is headquartered in Cleveland, Ohio. We are a BHC under the BHCA and one of the nation s largest bank-based financial services companies, with consolidated total assets of approximately 189.8 billion at December 31, 2022. KeyCorp is the parent holding company for KeyBank National Association, its principal subsidiary, through which most of our banking services are provided. Through KeyBank and certain other subsidiaries, we provide a wide range of retail and commercial banking, commercial leasing, investment management, consumer finance, student loan refinancing, commercial mortgage servicing and special servicing, and investment banking products and services to individual, corporate, and institutional clients through two major business segments: Consumer Bank and Commercial Bank. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, these services were provided across the country through KeyBank s 972 full-service retail banking branches and a network of 1,265 ATMs in 15 states, as well as additional offices, online and mobile banking capabilities, including our national digital bank, Laurel Road, and a telephone banking call center. Additional information pertaining to our two business segments is included in the Business Segment Results section in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of this report, and in Note 25 Business Segment Reporting of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements presented in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data, which are incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 In addition to the customary banking services of accepting deposits and making loans, our bank and its trust company subsidiary offer personal and institutional trust custody services, personal financial and planning services, access to mutual funds, treasury services, and international banking services. Through our bank, trust company, and registered investment adviser subsidiaries, we provide investment management services to clients that include large corporate and public retirement plans, foundations and endowments, high-net-worth individuals, and multi-employer trust funds established for providing pension or other benefits to employees. 
 
 We provide other financial services both within and outside of our primary banking markets through various nonbank subsidiaries. These services include community development financing, securities underwriting, investment banking and capital markets products, and brokerage. We also provide merchant services to businesses. 
 
 KeyCorp is a legal entity separate and distinct from its banks and other subsidiaries. Accordingly, the right of KeyCorp, its security holders, and its creditors to participate in any distribution of the assets or earnings of its banks and other subsidiaries is subject to the prior claims of the creditors of such banks and other subsidiaries, except to the extent that KeyCorp s claims in its capacity as a creditor may be recognized. 
 
 We derive the majority of our revenues within the United States from customers domiciled in the United States. Revenue from foreign countries and external customers domiciled in foreign countries was immaterial to our consolidated financial statements. 
 
 Demographics 
 
 Our management structure and basis of presentation is divided into two business segments, Consumer Bank and Commercial Bank. Note 25 Business Segment Reporting describes the products and services offered by each of these business segments and provides more detailed financial information pertaining to the segments, including changes in basis of presentation. 
 
 The Consumer Bank serves individuals and small businesses throughout our 15-state branch footprint and through our Laurel Road digital lending business by offering a variety of deposit and investment products, personal finance and financial wellness services, lending, student loan refinancing, mortgage and home equity, credit card, treasury services, and business advisory services. In addition, wealth management and investment services are offered to assist non-profit and high-net-worth clients with their banking, trust, portfolio management, charitable giving, and related needs. 
 
 The Commercial Bank consists of the Commercial and Institutional operating segments. The Commercial operating segment is a full-service, commercial banking platform that focuses primarily on serving the borrowing, cash 
 7 

Table of contents 

 management, and capital markets needs of middle market clients within Key s 15-state branch footprint. It is also a significant, national, commercial real estate lender and third-party servicer of commercial mortgage loans and special servicer of CMBS. The Institutional operating segment operates nationally in providing lending, equipment financing, and banking products and services to large corporate and institutional clients. The industry coverage and product teams have established expertise in the following sectors: Consumer, Energy, Healthcare, Industrial, Public Sector, Real Estate, and Technology. The operating segment includes the KBCM platform which provides a broad suite of capital markets products and services including syndicated finance, debt and equity capital markets, derivatives, foreign exchange, financial advisory, and public finance. Additionally, KBCM provides fixed income and equity sales and trading services to investor clients. 
 
 Additional Information 
 
 Our executive offices are located at 127 Public Square, Cleveland, Ohio 44114-1306, and our telephone number is (216) 689-3000. Our website is www.key.com, and the investor relations section of our website may be reached through www.key.com/ir. We make available free of charge, on or through the investor relations section of our website, annual reports on Form 10-K, quarterly reports on Form 10-Q, and current reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to those reports filed or furnished pursuant to Section 13(a) or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ), as well as proxy statements, as soon as reasonably practicable after we electronically file such material with, or furnish it to, the SEC. Also posted on our website, and available in print upon request from any shareholder to our Investor Relations Department, are the charters for our Technology Committee, Audit Committee, Compensation and Organization Committee, Executive Committee, Nominating and Corporate Governance Committee, and Risk Committee; our Corporate Governance Guidelines; the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics for our directors, officers, and employees; our Standards for Determining Independence of Directors; our policy for Review of Transactions Between KeyCorp and Its Directors, Executive Officers and Other Related Persons; our Statement of Political Activity; and our Corporate Responsibility Report. Within the time period required by the SEC and the NYSE, we will post on our website any amendment to the Code of Ethics and any waiver applicable to any senior executive officer or director. We also make available a summary of filings made with the SEC of statements of beneficial ownership of our equity securities filed by our directors and officers under Section 16 of the Exchange Act. The Regulatory Disclosures Filings section under the Financials tab of the investor relations section of our website includes public disclosures concerning our historic annual and mid-year stress-testing activities under the Dodd-Frank Act and our quarterly regulatory capital disclosures under the third pillar of Basel III. 
 
 Information contained on or accessible through, including any reports available on, our website or any other website referenced in this report is not part of this report. References to websites in this report are intended to be inactive textual references only. 
 
 Shareholders may obtain a copy of any of the above-referenced corporate governance documents by writing to our Investor Relations Department at Investor Relations, KeyCorp, 127 Public Square, Mailcode OH-01-27-0737, Cleveland, Ohio 44114-1306; by calling (216) 689-4221; or by sending an e-mail to investor_relations@keybank.com. 
 
 Competition 
 
 The market for banking and related financial services is highly competitive. Key competes with other providers of financial services, such as BHCs, commercial banks, savings associations, credit unions, mortgage banking companies, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, investment management firms, investment banking firms, broker-dealers, and other local, regional, national, and global institutions that offer financial services. Some of our competitors are larger and may have more financial resources, while some of our competitors enjoy fewer regulatory constraints and may have lower cost structures. The financial services industry has become more competitive as technology advances have lowered barriers to entry, enabling more companies, including nonbank companies, to provide financial services. Technological advances may diminish the importance of depository institutions and other financial institutions. Mergers and acquisitions have also led to increased concentration in the banking industry, placing added competitive pressure on Key s core banking products and services as we see competitors enter some of our markets or offer similar products. We compete by offering quality products and innovative services at competitive prices, and by maintaining our product and service offerings to keep pace with customer preferences and industry standards. 
 
 8 

Table of contents 

 Human Capital 
 
 Engaging a diverse and talented team is a top strategic priority for Key. Our human capital management strategy is focused on attracting, developing, and retaining the talent our businesses need to deliver strong returns to our shareholders, which we do by offering a competitive total rewards package, providing opportunities for career development and growth, and fostering a culture that is fair and inclusive. 
 
 Competitive Rewards 
 
 We make investments to hire the people we need to serve our customers and communities and regularly review our pay practices to reflect changing market and economic conditions. We have steadily increased our starting minimum wage since 2015 and made other adjustments responding to market trends, competitive pressures and a dynamic market for talent. 
 
 These investments include a comprehensive and competitive total rewards program, representing our investment in our teammates collective success and reflecting our commitment to helping them thrive. Key s benefits offerings include employee health and welfare plans, a 401(k) plan with competitive matching contributions, paid parental leave, a Discounted Stock Purchase Plan, wellness incentives and a lifestyle reimbursement account program. 
 
 With respect to pay, we design our compensation programs to balance risk and reward and align with the guidance of our regulators, and we regularly monitor these programs to remain within our risk tolerances. We subject all discretionary incentives paid to our employees to a robust risk adjustment process that begins before grant and extends beyond payment. 
 
 Career Development and Growth 
 
 We invest in our teammates growth and professional development through a variety of internal networking groups, formal and informal mentoring programs, and a suite of leadership development programs as well as by offering employees the opportunities to develop and enhance their skills through formal learning curricula and the opportunity to obtain collegiate or post-collegiate education and relevant certifications. 
 
 Creating a Fair and Inclusive Culture 
 
 Key s purpose is to help our clients, colleagues, and communities thrive. We remain committed to attracting a talented and diverse workforce and supplier base that represents the clients and communities we serve. In 2022, we continued to focus on increasing minority representation in management and leadership roles, expanding our overall recruiting focus, developing diverse candidate slates and pipelines, increasing supplier diversity, providing mentorship opportunities, offering implicit bias training, and leveraging our existing employee resource groups to strengthen both engagement and inclusion. 
 
 In addition, we are committed to pay equity as a foundational element of our culture. As of February 2022, at KeyBank women earn on average more than 99 of what their male teammates earn, and people of color earn on average more than 99 of what their white teammates earn, after taking into account an employee s job. Our analysis is based on total compensation (base salary and all discretionary incentives) covering all teammates eligible for a discretionary incentive, other than our Executive Leadership Team whose pay is set by our Board of Directors. More information about our commitment to pay equity and our commitment to increasing diversity is available at www.key.com/about/diversity/pay-equity-commitment.jsp. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, our overall workforce was 58.7 female. In addition, as of December 31, 2022, our workforce was also 75.3 White, 9.1 Black/African American, 6.9 Hispanic/Latino, 6.1 Asian and 2.7 other. Our Board of Directors is 46 diverse (six of our 13 total Directors are diverse, with four women, one of whom is also a minority, and two male minorities) and our Executive Leadership Team is 36 diverse (four women and one minority out of 14 total executives). 
 
 For more information about our diversity and inclusion efforts, a more detailed breakdown of employee diversity by EEO-1 categories, and information about how we work every day and in every way to help our clients, colleagues, and communities thrive, please see our website and our Corporate Responsibility report at https://investor.key.com/esg-information/corporate-responsibility/. 
 
 9 

Table of contents 

 Key s Workforce 
 
 Key had an average of 17,660 full time equivalent employees in 2022 . As of December 31, 2022, a total of 18,891 full-time and part-time employees worked in the following regions, which are generally aligned to the regions Key uses for its retail branch banking network: 

Region Employee Count East 13,775 West 1,974 All Other 3,142 

Information About Our Executive Officers 
 
 KeyCorp s executive officers are principally responsible for managing the operations of KeyCorp, making policy for KeyCorp, executing on strategic decisions, and managing material risks, subject to the supervision and direction of the Board. All executive officers are subject to annual election at the annual organizational meeting of the Board held each May. 
 
 Set forth below are the names and ages of the executive officers of KeyCorp as of December 31, 2022, the positions held by each at KeyCorp during the past five years, and the year each first became an executive officer of KeyCorp. Because James Waters has been employed at KeyCorp for less than five years, information is being provided concerning his prior business experience. There are no family relationships among the directors or the executive officers, and there is no arrangement or understanding between any executive officer and any other person pursuant to which the executive officer was selected. 
 
 Victor B. Alexander (43) - Mr. Alexander has been KeyCorp s Head of Consumer Bank and an executive officer of KeyCorp since January 2020. Prior to that time, he served as the Head of Home Lending from October 2018 to January 2020 and Treasurer from July 2017 to October 2018. 
 
 10 

Table of contents 

 Amy G. Brady (56) - Ms. Brady is KeyCorp s Chief Information Officer, serving in that role since May 2012. Ms. Brady has been an executive officer of KeyCorp since she joined in 2012. She has been a director of DuPont de Nemours, Inc., a multi-industry specialty solutions company, since 2019. 
 
 Trina M. Evans (58) - Ms. Evans has been the Director of Corporate Center for KeyCorp since August 2012. Prior to this role, Ms. Evans was the Chief Administrative Officer for Key Community Bank and the Director of Client Experience for KeyBank. She became an executive officer of KeyCorp in March 2013. 
 
 Brian L. Fishel (57) - Mr. Fishel became the Chief Human Resources Officer and an executive officer of KeyCorp in May 2018. From 2013 to 2018, he served as the Director of Talent Management for KeyCorp. 
 
 Kenneth C. Gavrity (46) - Mr. Gavrity has been Head of Enterprise Payments since January 2019 and became an executive officer of KeyCorp in May 2021. Prior to this, Mr. Gavrity served as Head of Commercial Payments from 2016 to 2019. 
 
 Christopher M. Gorman (62) - Mr. Gorman has been Chairman, Chief Executive Officer, and President of KeyCorp since May 1, 2020. Mr. Gorman previously served as President and Chief Operating Officer from September 2019 to May 2020 and President of Banking and Vice Chairman from 2017 to September 2019. From 2016 to 2017, he served as Merger Integration Executive responsible for leading the integration efforts related to KeyCorp s merger with First Niagara. Prior to that, Mr. Gorman was the President of Key Corporate Bank from 2010 to 2016. He became an executive officer of KeyCorp in 2010. 
 
 Clark H.I. Khayat (51) - Mr. Khayat rejoined KeyCorp as Chief Strategy Officer in January 2018. Mr. Khayat previously served as an Executive Vice President and Head of Key s Enterprise Commercial Payments group from April 2014 to June 2016. He became an executive officer of KeyCorp in September 2018. On November 17, 2022, KeyCorp announced that Mr. Khayat will succeed Donald R. Kimble as Chief Financial Officer of KeyCorp effective upon Mr. Kimble s retirement. 
 
 Allyson M. Kidik (43) - Ms. Kidik has been the Chief Risk Review Officer and General Auditor and an executive officer of KeyCorp since July 2022. Ms. Kidik previously served as Senior Deputy General Auditor from 2018 to 2022 and Deputy General Auditor from 2015 to 2018. 
 
 Donald R. Kimble (62) - Mr. Kimble has been the Chief Financial Officer of KeyCorp since June 2013. In 2017, Mr. Kimble was also named Vice Chairman. In January 2020, Mr. Kimble was also appointed Chief Administrative Officer. Mr. Kimble became an executive officer upon joining KeyCorp in June 2013. On November 17, 2022, KeyCorp announced that Mr. Kimble will retire from KeyCorp effective May 1, 2023. 
 
 Angela G. Mago (57) - Ms. Mago is the Head of Commercial Bank. She previously served as Co-Head of Key Corporate Bank from 2016 to May 2019. She also serves as Head of Real Estate Capital for Key, a role she has held since 2014. She became an executive officer of KeyCorp in 2016. 
 
 Mark W. Midkiff (60) - Mr. Midkiff became Chief Risk Officer and an executive officer of KeyCorp in January 2018. 
 
 Andrew J. Paine III (53) - Mr. Paine is the Head of Institutional Bank. He previously served as Co-Head of Key Corporate Bank from 2016 to May 2019. He also serves as President of KeyBanc Capital Markets Inc., a role he has held since 2013. He became an executive officer of KeyCorp in 2016. 
 
 Douglas M. Schosser (52) - Mr. Schosser has been the Chief Accounting Officer and an executive officer of KeyCorp since May 2015. 
 
 Jaime Warder (49) - Mr. Warder has been Head of Digital Banking since January 2019 and became an executive officer of KeyCorp in May 2021. Prior to this, Mr. Warder served as Head of Business Banking and Investment Services from 2017 to 2019. 
 
 James L. Waters (56) - Mr. Waters became the General Counsel and Secretary and an executive officer of KeyCorp in July 2021. From 2018 to 2021, he served as General Counsel and Corporate Secretary of Cullen/Frost Bankers, Inc., a financial holding company. Prior to 2018, he was a partner of the law firm Haynes and Boone, LLP. 
 
 11 

Table of contents 

 Supervision and Regulation 
 The regulatory framework applicable to BHCs and banks is intended primarily to protect consumers, the DIF, taxpayers and the banking system as a whole, rather than to protect the security holders and creditors of financial services companies. Comprehensive reform of the legislative and regulatory environment for financial services companies occurred in 2010 and remains ongoing. We cannot predict changes in applicable laws, regulations or regulatory agency policies, but any such changes may materially affect our business, financial condition, results of operations, or access to liquidity or credit. 
 Overview 
 Federal law establishes a system of regulation under which the Federal Reserve is the umbrella regulator for BHCs, while their subsidiaries are principally regulated by prudential or functional regulators: (i) the OCC for national banks and federal savings associations; (ii) the FDIC for state non-member banks and savings associations; (iii) the Federal Reserve for state member banks; (iv) the CFPB for consumer financial products or services; (v) the SEC and FINRA for securities broker/dealer activities; (vi) the SEC, CFTC, and NFA for swaps and other derivatives; and (vii) state insurance regulators for insurance activities. Certain specific activities, including traditional bank trust and fiduciary activities, may be conducted in a bank without the bank being deemed a broker or a dealer in securities for purposes of securities functional regulation. 
 Under the BHCA, BHCs generally may not directly or indirectly own or control more than 5 of the voting shares, or substantially all of the assets, of any bank, without prior approval from the Federal Reserve. In addition, BHCs are generally prohibited from engaging in commercial or industrial activities. However, a BHC that satisfies certain requirements regarding management, capital adequacy, and Community Reinvestment Act performance may elect to be treated as a Financial Holding Company FHC for purposes of federal law, and as a result may engage in a substantially broader scope of activities that are considered to be financial in nature or complementary to those activities. KeyCorp has elected to be treated as a FHC and, as such, is authorized to engage in securities underwriting and dealing, insurance agency and underwriting, and merchant banking activities. In addition, the Federal Reserve has permitted FHCs, like KeyCorp, to engage in the following activities, under the view that such activities are complementary to a financial activity: physical commodities trading activities, energy management services, and energy tolling, among others. 
 Under federal law, a BHC also must serve as a source of financial strength to its subsidiary depository institution(s) by providing financial assistance in the event of financial distress. This support may be required when the BHC does not have the resources to, or would prefer not to, provide it. Certain loans by a BHC to a subsidiary bank are subordinate in right of payment to deposits in, and certain other indebtedness of, the subsidiary bank. In addition, federal law provides that in the bankruptcy of a BHC, any commitment by the BHC to a federal bank regulatory agency to maintain the capital of a subsidiary bank will be assumed by the bankruptcy trustee and entitled to priority of payment. 
 The Dodd-Frank Act created the FSOC to overlay the U.S. supervisory framework for BHCs, insured depository institutions, and other financial service providers, by serving as a systemic risk oversight body. Specifically, the FSOC is authorized to: (i) identify risks to U.S. financial stability that could arise from the material financial distress or failure, or ongoing activities, of large, interconnected SIFIs, or that could arise outside the financial services marketplace; (ii) promote market discipline by eliminating expectations that the U.S. government will shield shareholders, creditors, and counterparties from losses in the event of failure; and (iii) respond to emerging threats to the stability of the U.S. financial system. The FSOC is responsible for facilitating regulatory coordination; information collection and sharing; designating nonbank financial companies for consolidated supervision by the Federal Reserve; designating systemic financial market utilities and systemic payment, clearing, and settlement activities requiring prescribed risk management standards and heightened federal regulatory oversight; recommending stricter standards for SIFIs; and, together with the Federal Reserve, determining whether action should be taken to break up firms that pose a grave threat to U.S. financial stability. 
 As a FHC, KeyCorp is subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the Federal Reserve under the BHCA. Our national bank subsidiaries and their subsidiaries are subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the OCC. At December 31, 2022, we operated one full-service, FDIC-insured national bank subsidiary, KeyBank, and one national bank subsidiary that is limited to fiduciary activities. The FDIC also has certain, more limited regulatory, supervisory, and examination authority over KeyBank and KeyCorp under the FDIA and the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 12 

Table of contents 

 We have other financial services subsidiaries that are subject to regulation, supervision, and examination by the Federal Reserve, as well as other state and federal regulatory agencies and self-regulatory organizations. Because KeyBank engages in derivative transactions, in 2013 it provisionally registered as a swap dealer with the CFTC and became a member of the NFA, the self-regulatory organization for participants in the U.S. derivatives industry. Our securities brokerage and asset management subsidiaries are subject to supervision and regulation by the SEC, FINRA, and state securities regulators, and our insurance subsidiaries are subject to regulation by the insurance regulatory authorities of the states in which they operate. Our other nonbank subsidiaries are subject to laws and regulations of both the federal government and the various states in which they are authorized to do business. 
 
 Regulatory capital requirements 
 
 Background 
 
 KeyCorp and KeyBank are subject to regulatory capital requirements that are based largely on the work of an international group of supervisors known as the Basel Committee on Banking Supervision Basel Committee ). The Basel Committee is responsible for establishing international bank supervisory standards for implementation in member jurisdictions, to enhance and align bank regulation on a global scale, and to promote financial stability. 
 The regulatory capital framework developed by the Basel Committee and implemented in the United States is a predominately risk-based capital framework that establishes minimum capital requirements based on the amount of regulatory capital a banking organization maintains relative to the amount of its total assets, adjusted to reflect credit risk risk-weighted assets ). Each banking organization subject to this regulatory capital framework is required to satisfy certain minimum risk-based capital measures (e.g., a tier 1 risk-based capital ratio requirement of tier 1 capital to total risk-weighted assets), and in the United States, a minimum leverage ratio requirement of tier 1 capital to average total on-balance sheet assets, which serves as a backstop to the risk-based measures. 
 A capital instrument is assigned to one of two tiers based on the relative strength and ability of that instrument to absorb credit losses on a going concern basis. Capital instruments with relatively robust loss-absorption capacity are assigned to tier 1, while other capital instruments with relatively less loss-absorption capacity are assigned to tier 2. A banking organization s total capital equals the sum of its tier 1 and tier 2 capital. 
 
 The Basel Committee also developed a market risk capital framework (that also has been implemented in the United States) to address the substantial exposure to market risk faced by banking organizations with significant trading activity and augment the credit risk-based capital requirements described above. For example, the minimum total risk-based capital ratio requirement for a banking organization subject to the market risk capital rule equals the ratio of the banking organization s total capital to the sum of its credit risk-weighted assets and market risk-weighted assets. Only KeyCorp is subject to the market risk capital rule, as KeyBank does not engage in substantial trading activity. 
 
 Basel III 
 
 To address deficiencies in the international regulatory capital standards identified during the 2007-2009 global financial crisis, in 2010 the Basel Committee released comprehensive revisions to the international regulatory capital framework, commonly referred to as Basel III. The Basel III revisions are designed to strengthen the quality and quantity of regulatory capital, in part through the introduction of a Common Equity Tier 1 capital requirement; provide more comprehensive and robust risk coverage, particularly for securitization exposures, equities, and off-balance sheet positions; and address pro-cyclicality concerns through the implementation of capital buffers. The Basel Committee also released a series of revisions to the market risk capital framework to address deficiencies identified during its initial implementation (e.g., arbitrage opportunities between the credit risk-based and market risk capital rules) and in connection with the global financial crisis. 
 
 KeyCorp and KeyBank are subject to regulatory capital requirements implemented by the U.S. banking agencies that are based largely on Basel III Regulatory Capital Rules ). Consistent with the international framework, the Regulatory Capital Rules further restrict the type of instruments that may be recognized in tier 1 and tier 2 capital; establish a minimum Common Equity Tier 1 capital ratio requirement of 4.5 and capital buffers to absorb losses during periods of financial stress while allowing an institution to provide credit intermediation as it would during a normal economic environment; and refine several of the methodologies used for determining risk-weighted assets. The Regulatory Capital Rules provide additional requirements for large banking organizations with over 250 billion in total consolidated assets or 10 billion in foreign exposure, but those additional requirements do not apply to KeyCorp or KeyBank. Accordingly, for purposes of the Regulatory Capital Rules, KeyCorp and KeyBank are treated as standardized approach banking organizations. 
 13 

Table of contents 

 Under the Regulatory Capital Rules, standardized approach banking organizations, such as KeyCorp and KeyBank, are required to meet the minimum capital and leverage ratios set forth in the following table. At December 31, 2022, KeyCorp s ratios under the fully phased-in Regulatory Capital Rules are set forth in the following table. 
 Minimum Capital Ratios and KeyCorp Ratios Under 
 Regulatory Capital Rules 
 Ratios (including stress capital buffer) Regulatory Minimum Requirement Stress Capital Buffer (b) 
 Regulatory Minimum With Stress Capital Buffer KeyCorp December 31, 2022 (c) 
 Common Equity Tier 1 4.50 2.50 7.00 9.10 Tier 1 Capital 6.00 2.50 8.50 10.60 Total Capital 8.00 2.50 10.50 12.79 Leverage (a) 
 4.00 N/A 4.00 8.88 
 (a) As a standardized approach banking organization, KeyCorp is not subject to the 3 supplemental leverage ratio requirement, which became effective January 1, 2018. 
 (b) Stress Capital buffer must consist of Common Equity Tier 1 capital. As a standardized approach banking organization, KeyCorp is not subject to the countercyclical capital buffer of up to 2.5 imposed upon an advanced approaches banking organization under the Regulatory Capital Rules. 
 (c) Ratios reflect the five-year transition of CECL impacts on regulatory ratios. 
 
 Revised prompt corrective action framework 
 
 The federal prompt corrective action framework established under the FDIA groups FDIC-insured depository institutions into one of five prompt corrective action capital categories: well capitalized, adequately capitalized, undercapitalized, significantly undercapitalized, and critically undercapitalized. In addition to implementing the Basel III capital framework in the U.S., the Regulatory Capital Rules also revised the prompt corrective action capital category threshold ratios applicable to FDIC-insured depository institutions such as KeyBank, with an effective date of January 1, 2015. The Revised Prompt Corrective Action Framework table below identifies the capital category threshold ratios for a well capitalized and an adequately capitalized institution under the Prompt Corrective Action Framework. 
 Well Capitalized and Adequately Capitalized Capital Category Ratios under 
 Revised Prompt Corrective Action Framework 
 Prompt Corrective Action Capital Category Ratio Well Capitalized (a) 
 Adequately Capitalized Common Equity Tier 1 Risk-Based 6.5 4.5 Tier 1 Risk-Based 8.0 6.0 Total Risk-Based 10.0 8.0 Tier 1 Leverage (b) 
 5.0 4.0 
 (a) A well capitalized institution also must not be subject to any written agreement, order or directive to meet and maintain a specific capital level for any capital measure. 
 (b) As a standardized approach banking organization, KeyBank is not subject to the 3 supplemental leverage ratio requirement, which became effective January 1, 2018. 
 We believe that, as of December 31, 2022, KeyBank (consolidated) satisfied the risk-based and leverage capital requirements necessary to be considered well capitalized for purposes of the revised prompt corrective action framework. However, investors should not regard this determination as a representation of the overall financial condition or prospects of KeyBank because the prompt corrective action framework is intended to serve a limited supervisory function. Moreover, it is important to note that the prompt corrective action framework does not apply to BHCs, like KeyCorp. 
 
 Recent regulatory capital-related developments 
 
 In December 2017, the Basel Committee released its final revisions to Basel III. The revisions seek to restore credibility in the calculation of risk-weighted assets RWAs and improve the comparability of regulatory capital ratios across banking organizations by: (1) enhancing the robustness and risk-sensitivity of the standardized approach for credit risk, credit valuation adjustment, and operational risk; (2) constraining the use of internal models by placing limits on certain inputs used to calculate capital requirements under the internal ratings-based approach for credit risk (used by advanced approaches banking organizations) and removing the ability to use an internal model for purposes of determining the capital charge for credit valuation adjustment CVA risk and operational risk; (3) introducing a leverage ratio buffer to further limit the leverage of global systemically-important banks; and (4) replacing the existing Basel II output floor with a more robust, risk-sensitive floor based on the Basel III standardized approach. 
 
 The U.S. federal banking agencies released a statement announcing their support for the Basel Committee s efforts, but cautioned that they will consider how to appropriately incorporate these revisions into the Regulatory Capital 
 14 

Table of contents 

 Rules, and that any proposed changes based on the Basel Committee revisions would be subject to notice-and-comment rulemaking. In view of the prohibition under the Dodd-Frank Act on the use of credit ratings in federal regulation, there is some uncertainty as to whether or how the agencies would implement the ratings-based aspects of the Basel Committee revisions to Basel III, as well as any other aspect of the Basel Committee revisions that permit the U.S. agencies to exercise home-country discretion, for example, due to differences in accounting or market practices, and legal requirements. 
 
 Subsequently, in December 2018, the Basel Committee released an update to its Pillar 3 disclosure framework, to more appropriately align it to the changes adopted under the Basel Committee s final revisions to Basel III. Before any action is taken by the federal banking agencies with respect to the revised Pillar 3 disclosure framework, the federal agencies must determine whether and to what extent they will implement the final revisions to Basel III released by the Basel Committee in December 2017. 
 
 On July 9, 2019, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule to simplify certain aspects of the Regulatory Capital Rules for standardized approach banking organizations, including Key. The final rule simplifies, for these banking organizations, the regulatory capital requirements for mortgage servicing assets, certain deferred tax assets arising from temporary differences, and investments in the capital of unconsolidated financial institutions. The final rule replaces multiple deduction thresholds with a single 25 deduction threshold for each of these categories and requires that a 250 risk weight be applied to mortgage servicing assets and deferred tax assets that are not deducted from capital. The final rule also simplifies the calculation of the amount of capital issued by a consolidated subsidiary of a banking organization and held by third parties that is includable in regulatory capital. In addition, the final rule makes certain technical amendments to the Regulatory Capital Rules that are applicable to standardized approach banking organizations as well as advanced approaches banking organizations. The final rule provided an effective date of October 1, 2019, for the technical amendments and an effective date of April 1, 2020, for the simplification changes. On November 13, 2019, the federal banking agencies published an amendment to the final rule to provide standardized approach banking organizations with the option to implement the simplification changes on either January 1, 2020, or April 1, 2020. We chose to implement the simplification changes on April 1, 2020. 
 
 In November 2019, the federal banking agencies adopted a final rule to amend the Regulatory Capital Rules by revising the definition of a high volatility commercial real estate HVCRE exposure. HVCRE exposures are subject to a heightened risk weight under the Regulatory Capital Rules. The final rule, which became effective on April 1, 2020, conforms the HVCRE definition to statutory changes enacted in May 2018. The final rule also clarifies the treatment under the revised HVCRE definition of credit facilities that finance one-to-four family residential properties as well as credit facilities that finance the development of land. 
 
 A final rule adopted by the federal banking agencies in February 2019 provides banking organizations with the option to phase in, over a three-year period, the adverse day-one regulatory capital effects of the adoption of the CECL accounting standard. On March 27, 2020, the federal banking agencies issued an interim final rule that gives banking organizations that are required under U.S. accounting standards to adopt CECL before the end of 2020 the option to delay for two years CECL s adverse effects on regulatory capital CECL Interim Final Rule ). This is in addition to the three-year transition period already in place, resulting in an optional five-year transition. The agencies noted that this relief is being provided in order to allow banking organizations to better focus on lending to creditworthy households and businesses affected by recent strains on the U.S. economy caused by COVID-19. 
 
 The CARES Act, enacted on March 27, 2020, provides banking organizations with the option to not comply with CECL until the earlier of (i) the termination date of the national emergency concerning COVID-19 declared by the President under the National Emergencies Act; or (ii) December 31, 2020. The federal banking agencies issued a statement on March 31, 2020, indicating that banking organizations that elect to use the optional, temporary statutory relief will be able to elect the remaining period of regulatory capital relief provided under the CECL Interim Final Rule after the end of the statutory relief period. Alternatively, banking organizations may adopt CECL as planned in 2020 and use the regulatory capital relief provided under the CECL Interim Final Rule starting at the time of their adoption of CECL. 
 
 On August 26, 2020, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule that is substantially similar to the CECL Interim Final Rule. Like the CECL Interim Final Rule, the final rule gives eligible banking organizations the option to mitigate the estimated adverse effects on regulatory capital of CECL for two years, followed by a three-year transition period, which results in an optional five-year transition. The final rule expands the group of institutions eligible for this optional five-year transition to include any institution adopting CECL in 2020. The final rule also includes certain minor adjustments to clarify the calculation of the transitional amount. Key elected to adopt CECL as planned in the 
 15 

Table of contents 

 first quarter of 2020 and exercise the option to use a five-year transition to measure CECL s effects on regulatory capital. 
 
 Liquidity requirements 
 
 U.S. banking organizations are subject to regulatory liquidity requirements based on international liquidity standards established by the Basel Committee in 2010, and subsequently revised between 2013 and 2014 (as revised, the Basel III liquidity framework ). The Basel III liquidity framework establishes quantitative standards designed to ensure that a banking organization is appropriately positioned, from a balance sheet perspective, to satisfy its short- and long-term funding needs. 
 
 To address short-term liquidity risk, the Basel III liquidity framework established a liquidity coverage ratio Basel III LCR ), calculated as the ratio of a banking organization s high-quality liquid assets to its total net cash outflows over 30 consecutive calendar days. In addition, to address long-term liquidity risk, the Basel III liquidity framework established a net stable funding ratio Basel III NSFR ), calculated as the ratio of the amount of stable funding available to a banking organization to its required amount of stable funding. 
 
 In October 2014, the federal banking agencies published a final rule to implement the Basel III LCR for U.S. banking organizations (the Liquidity Coverage Rules ). Consistent with the Basel III LCR, the U.S. Liquidity Coverage Rules established a minimum LCR for certain internationally active bank and nonbank financial companies (excluding KeyCorp), and a modified version of the LCR Modified LCR for BHCs and other depository institution holding companies with over 50 billion in consolidated assets that are not internationally active (including KeyCorp). Under the Liquidity Coverage Rules, KeyCorp was required to calculate a Modified LCR on a monthly basis and was required to satisfy a minimum Modified LCR requirement of 100 . KeyBank was not subject to the LCR or the Modified LCR under the Liquidity Coverage Rules. 
 
 In December 2016, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule to implement public disclosure requirements for the LCR and Modified LCR. Under the final rule, each calendar quarter KeyCorp was required to publicly disclose certain quantitative information regarding its Modified LCR calculation, together with a discussion of the factors that have a significant effect on its Modified LCR. KeyCorp began complying with these disclosure requirements for the calendar quarter beginning October 1, 2018. 
 
 Large BHCs, like KeyCorp, are also subject to liquidity requirements contained in regulations adopted pursuant to the Dodd-Frank Act and the Economic Growth, Regulatory Relief, and Consumer Protection Act EGRRCPA ). As enacted in 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act required the Federal Reserve to impose enhanced prudential standards and early remediation requirements (collectively, EPSs ), including enhanced liquidity standards, upon BHCs (like KeyCorp) with at least 50 billion in total consolidated assets. 
 
 In March 2014, the Federal Reserve published a final rule to implement certain of the EPSs required under the Dodd-Frank Act, including liquidity requirements relating to cash flow projections, a contingency funding plan, liquidity risk limits, the monitoring of liquidity risks (with respect to collateral, legal entities, currencies, business lines, and intraday exposures), liquidity stress testing, a liquidity buffer, and liquidity risk management requirements, including requirements that apply to the board of directors, the risk committee, senior management, and the independent review function. KeyCorp was required to comply with the final rule starting on January 1, 2015. 
 
 EGRRCPA, enacted on May 24, 2018, raised the asset threshold above which the Federal Reserve is required to apply EPSs to BHCs from 50 billion to 250 billion. EGRRCPA gave the Federal Reserve the authority, following notice and comment procedures, to continue to apply EPSs to any BHCs having at least 100 billion but less than 250 billion in total consolidated assets (like KeyCorp) if it determines that the application of the EPS is appropriate to prevent or mitigate risks to financial stability or to promote the safety and soundness of the BHC or BHCs, taking into consideration the BHC s or BHCs capital structure, riskiness, complexity, financial activities, size, and other relevant factors. 
 
 In October 2019, the federal banking agencies issued two final rules related to the implementation of EGRRCPA Tailoring Rules ). The final rules established four risk-based categories of banking organizations with 100 billion or more in total consolidated assets and applied tailored regulatory requirements to each respective category. Based on Key s analysis of the Tailoring Rules, KeyCorp falls within the least restrictive of those categories Category IV Firms ). The Tailoring Rules became effective on December 31, 2019. 
 
 16 

Table of contents 

 In one of the Tailoring Rules, the federal banking agencies amended various rules, including the rules governing standardized liquidity requirements, thereby applying tailored liquidity requirements to large banking organizations in each of the four risk-based categories of institutions described in the Tailoring Rules. Under this final rule, Category IV Firms with weighted short-term wholesale funding of less than 50 billion will not be subject to a reduced LCR. KeyCorp does not meet the 50 billion threshold and is not subject to the reduced LCR or an LCR public disclosure requirement. 
 
 In the other Tailoring Rule, the Federal Reserve amended certain of its rules governing EPSs to apply tailored regulatory standards (including liquidity standards) to large BHCs in each of the four risk-based categories of institutions described in the Tailoring Rules. Under this rule, Category IV Firms (like KeyCorp) are required to conduct internal liquidity stress tests quarterly rather than monthly as was previously the case and are subject to simplified liquidity risk management requirements, including requirements to adopt a set of liquidity risk limits that is more limited than previously required, calculate collateral positions monthly rather than weekly, and monitor fewer elements of intraday liquidity risk exposures. Category IV Firms are still required to maintain a liquidity buffer that is sufficient to meet the projected net stressed cash-flow need over a 30-day planning horizon under the firm s internal liquidity stress test and remain subject to monthly tailored FR 2052a liquidity reporting requirements. 
 
 On October 20, 2020, the federal banking agencies adopted a final rule to implement the Basel III NSFR for U.S. banking organizations. The NSFR final rule, which became effective on July 1, 2021, requires certain banking organizations with more than 100 billion in total assets to maintain minimum amounts of stable funding to support their assets, commitments, and derivatives exposures over a one-year time horizon. The final NSFR rule tailors the application of the NSFR requirement to large banking organizations in each of the four risk-based categories of institutions established by the Tailoring Rules. Key is a Category IV firm. Category IV firms with average weighted short-term wholesale funding of less than 50 billion will not be subject to an NSFR requirement. Key does not meet the 50 billion threshold and is not subject to an NSFR requirement. 
 
 On December 1, 2021, the Federal Reserve published revisions to the FR 2052a liquidity reporting form in order to accurately reflect the NSFR final rule and to capture other data elements necessary to monitor banking organizations liquidity positions and compliance with liquidity risk management standards. The revisions were effective on May 1, 2022, for Category I firms and on October 1, 2022, for Category II, III, and IV firms (including KeyCorp). 
 
 Capital planning and stress testing 
 
 The Federal Reserve s capital plan rule requires each U.S.-domiciled, top-tier BHC with total consolidated assets of at least 100 billion (like KeyCorp) to develop and maintain a written capital plan supported by a robust internal capital adequacy process. The capital plan must be submitted to the Federal Reserve for supervisory review in connection with the BHC s CCAR (described below). The supervisory review includes an assessment of many factors, including KeyCorp s ability to maintain capital above each minimum regulatory capital ratio on a pro forma basis under expected and stressful conditions throughout the planning horizon. 
 
 The Federal Reserve s CCAR is an intensive assessment of the capital adequacy of large U.S. BHCs and of the practices these BHCs use to assess their capital needs. The Federal Reserve expects BHCs subject to CCAR to have and maintain regulatory capital in an amount that is sufficient to withstand a severely adverse operating environment and, at the same time, be able to continue operations, maintain ready access to funding, meet obligations to creditors and counterparties, and provide credit intermediation. 
 
 The Federal Reserve has conducted a supervisory stress test on KeyCorp, pursuant to which the Federal Reserve projects revenues, expenses, losses, and resulting post-stress capital levels and regulatory capital ratios under conditions that affect the U.S. economy or the financial condition of KeyCorp, including supervisory baseline and severely adverse scenarios (and through 2018, an adverse scenario), that are determined by the Federal Reserve. KeyCorp and KeyBank have also been required to conduct their own company-run stress tests to assess the impact of stress scenarios (including supervisor-provided baseline, adverse, and severely adverse scenarios and, for KeyCorp, one KeyCorp-defined baseline scenario and at least one KeyCorp-defined stress scenario) on their consolidated earnings, losses, and capital over a nine-quarter planning horizon, taking into account their current condition, risks, exposures, strategies, and activities. While KeyBank has only had to conduct an annual stress test, KeyCorp has had to conduct both an annual and a mid-cycle stress test. KeyCorp and KeyBank have been required to report the results of their annual stress tests to the Federal Reserve and the OCC. KeyCorp has been required to report the results of its mid-cycle stress test to the Federal Reserve. Summaries of the results of these company-run 
 17 

Table of contents 

 stress tests (through KeyCorp s 2018 mid-cycle stress test results) have been disclosed under the Regulatory Disclosures Filings section of the Financials tab of Key s Investor Relations website: http://www.key.com/ir. Such summaries were not disclosed after 2018 because of the rule changes discussed below. 
 
 One of the Tailoring Rules issued by the Federal Reserve in October 2019 to implement EGRRCPA changes the stress testing requirements applicable to BHCs that are Category IV Firms (like KeyCorp). Under this rule, Category IV Firms will no longer be required to conduct and publicly disclose the results of company-run stress tests and will be subject to a supervisory stress test conducted by the Federal Reserve every other year rather than every year as has been the case. In 2020 and again in 2022, KeyCorp was required to participate in the Federal Reserve s CCAR process and was subject to a supervisory stress test conducted by the Federal Reserve. 
 
 A separate rule was issued by the federal banking agencies in October 2019 to implement a provision in EGRRCPA that raised the asset threshold that triggers the requirement for federally-regulated banks to conduct company-run stress tests on an annual basis from 10 billion to 250 billion in total consolidated assets. Under this final rule, federally-regulated banks with total assets of less than 250 billion (like KeyBank) will no longer be required to conduct annual company-run stress tests. Also, this final rule removes the adverse scenario as a required scenario for all stress testing requirements applicable to BHCs and federally-regulated banks so that such stress tests will be required to include only baseline and severely adverse scenarios. 
 
 On March 4, 2020, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule integrating certain aspects of the Federal Reserve s Regulatory Capital Rules with CCAR and the stress test rules in order to simplify the overall capital framework that is currently applicable to BHCs that have 100 billion or more in total consolidated assets (including KeyCorp). Under the final rule, the Federal Reserve amended the capital conservation buffer requirement under the Regulatory Capital Rules by replacing the static risk-weighted assets component of the buffer with a new measure, the stress capital buffer, which will be based on the results of an individual BHC s supervisory stress test and cannot be less than 2.5 percent of risk-weighted assets. A firm will be subject to limitations on capital distributions and discretionary bonus payments if it does not satisfy all minimum capital requirements and its stress capital buffer requirement. A firm s stress capital buffer requirement will become effective on October 1 of each year and will remain in effect until September 30 of the following year unless the firm receives an updated stress capital buffer requirement from the Federal Reserve. 
 
 On March 20, 2020, the federal banking agencies published an interim final rule that revises the definition of eligible retained income as that term is used in the agencies Regulatory Capital Rules. The revised definition applies to all buffer requirements applicable to a banking organization, including the stress capital buffer requirement adopted by the Federal Reserve on March 4, 2020. The revised definition of eligible retained income will make any automatic limitations on capital distributions that could apply under the agencies capital rules more gradual with the objective of promoting continued lending during a period of stress, including the period of stress resulting from the COVID-19 pandemic. On August 26, 2020, the federal banking agencies issued a final rule that adopts, without change, the interim final rule issued in March 2020 that revises the definition of eligible retained income as that term is used in the agencies Regulatory Capital Rules. 
 
 On June 25, 2020, the Federal Reserve publicly announced the results of its CCAR process and the supervisory stress test that it conducted of 33 BHCs having more than 100 billion in total consolidated assets (including KeyCorp). The Federal Reserve indicated that it planned to use the results of this stress test to set the new stress capital buffer requirement for these firms, which would take effect in the fourth quarter of 2020. The Federal Reserve also announced the results of a sensitivity analysis it conducted to assess the resiliency of these firms under three hypothetical downside scenarios which could result from the COVID-19 disruptions. 
 
 As a result of its sensitivity analysis, the Federal Reserve decided to take certain actions to require large banking organizations to preserve capital and re-evaluate their capital plans. Specifically, the Federal Reserve stated that it was requiring each firm subject to its capital plan rule to update and resubmit its capital plan to the appropriate Reserve Bank. The Federal Reserve further indicated that for the third quarter of 2020, these firms were prohibited from (i) making share repurchases (other than share repurchases relating to issuances of common stock for employee stock ownership plans); and (ii) paying common stock dividends that exceed the amount paid in the second quarter of 2020 or exceed an amount equal to the average of the firm s net income for the four preceding calendar quarters unless otherwise specified by the Federal Reserve. The Federal Reserve extended these restrictions (with some modifications) into the fourth quarter of 2020 and the first two quarters of 2021. 
 
 On June 30, 2020, KeyCorp announced that its preliminary stress capital requirement, provided by the Federal Reserve as part of the 2020 Federal Reserve capital stress testing exercise, is 2.5 , which represents the minimum 
 18 

Table of contents 

 buffer required for banking organizations the size of Key. In August 2020, the Federal Reserve confirmed that KeyCorp s required stress capital buffer, based on its June 2020 stress test is 2.5 . 
 
 On December 18, 2020, the Federal Reserve announced the results of the second round of stress tests for 2020 that it conducted on large banking organizations (including KeyCorp). The Federal Reserve indicated that, in the aggregate, capital ratios for the 33 firms subject to the stress tests remained well above their required minimum levels throughout the projection horizon under both the severely adverse and alternative severe scenarios. 
 
 On March 25, 2021, the Federal Reserve said that the temporary additional restrictions on dividends and share repurchases that it had imposed on large BHCs would end after June 30, 2021. Beginning on July 1, 2021, these firms (including KeyCorp) are allowed to make capital distributions that are consistent with the Regulatory Capital Rules, inclusive of the stress capital buffer requirement. In August 2021, the Federal Reserve re-confirmed that KeyCorp s required stress capital buffer is 2.5 , which is the minimum buffer requirement for firms the size of KeyCorp. 
 
 On January 19, 2021, the Federal Reserve issued a final rule to make conforming changes to the capital planning, regulatory reporting, and stress capital buffer requirements for firms subject to Category IV standards (including KeyCorp) to make these requirements consistent with the tailored regulatory framework for large banking organizations that the Federal Reserve adopted in an October 2019 rulemaking. The final rule revises the elements of the capital plan that Category IV firms are required to submit to the Federal Reserve and makes related changes to regulatory reporting requirements. Also, the final rule updates the frequency for calculating the stress capital buffer for these firms. In addition, the final rule makes certain clarifying changes to the stress testing rules applicable to all large banking organizations. 
 
 On June 23, 2022, the Federal Reserve announced the results of the supervisory stress test that it conducted of 34 BHCs having more than 100 billion in total consolidated assets (including KeyCorp). The Federal Reserve indicated that all BHCs subject to the stress test maintained capital ratios above the minimum required levels under the severely adverse scenario. The stress test results for individual BHCs will be used to determine a BHC s stress capital buffer requirement, which became effective on October 1, 2022, and will remain in effect until September 30, 2023, unless the firm later receives an updated stress capital buffer requirement from the Federal Reserve. On August 4, 2022, the Federal Reserve confirmed that KeyCorp s required stress capital buffer, based on its June 2022 stress test, is 2.5 , which is the minimum buffer required for banking organizations the size of KeyCorp. 
 
 Dividend restrictions 
 
 Federal law and regulation impose limitations on the payment of dividends by our national bank subsidiaries, like KeyBank. Historically, dividends paid by KeyBank have been an important source of cash flow for KeyCorp to pay dividends on its equity securities and interest on its debt. Dividends by our national bank subsidiaries are limited to the lesser of the amounts calculated under an earnings retention test and an undivided profits test. Under the earnings retention test, without the prior approval of the OCC, a dividend may not be paid if the total of all dividends declared by a bank in any calendar year is in excess of the current year s net income combined with the retained net income of the two preceding years. Under the undivided profits test, a dividend may not be paid in excess of a bank s undivided profits. Moreover, under the FDIA, an insured depository institution may not pay a dividend if the payment would cause it to be less than adequately capitalized under the prompt corrective action framework or if the institution is in default in the payment of an assessment due to the FDIC. Similarly, under the Regulatory Capital Rules, a banking organization that fails to satisfy the minimum capital conservation buffer requirement will be subject to certain limitations, which include restrictions on capital distributions. For more information about the payment of dividends by KeyBank to KeyCorp, please see Note 3 Restrictions on Cash, Dividends, and Lending Activities in this report. 
 
 FDIA, Resolution Authority and Financial Stability 
 
 Deposit insurance and assessments 
 
 The DIF provides insurance coverage for domestic deposits funded through assessments on insured depository institutions like KeyBank. The amount of deposit insurance coverage for each depositor s deposits is 250,000 per depository. 
 
 19 

Table of contents 

 The FDIC must assess the premium based on an insured depository institution s assessment base, calculated as its average consolidated total assets minus its average tangible equity. KeyBank s current annualized premium assessments can range from .025 to .45 for each 100 of its assessment base. The rate charged depends on KeyBank s performance on the FDIC s large and highly complex institution risk-assessment scorecard, which includes factors such as KeyBank s regulatory rating, its ability to withstand asset and funding-related stress, and the relative magnitude of potential losses to the FDIC in the event of KeyBank s failure. 
 
 In December 2016, the FDIC issued a final rule that imposes recordkeeping requirements on insured depository institutions with two million or more deposit accounts (including KeyBank), to facilitate rapid payment of insured deposits to customers if such an institution were to fail. The rule requires those insured depository institutions to: (i) maintain complete and accurate data on each depositor s ownership interest by right and capacity for all of the institution s deposit accounts; and (ii) develop the capability to calculate the insured and uninsured amounts for each deposit owner within 24 hours of failure. The FDIC will conduct periodic testing of compliance with these requirements, and institutions subject to the rule must submit to the FDIC a certification of compliance, signed by the bank s CEO, and deposit insurance coverage summary report on or before the mandatory compliance date and annually thereafter. The final rule became effective on April 1, 2017, with a mandatory compliance date of April 1, 2020. On July 16, 2019, the FDIC approved amendments that revise certain aspects of this rule. Among other things, the amendments to this rule (i) provide covered institutions with the option to extend the compliance date to no later than April 1, 2021, upon notification to the FDIC; (ii) clarify the certification requirement; (iii) revise the actions that must be taken for deposit accounts insured on a pass-through basis (where the bank s account holder is holding funds on behalf of the beneficial owners of the funds); and (iv) streamline the process for submitting exception requests to the FDIC. 
 
 On October 18, 2022, the FDIC adopted a final rule, applicable to all insured depository institutions, to increase the initial base deposit insurance assessment rate schedules uniformly by two basis points consistent with the Amended Restoration Plan approved by the FDIC on June 21, 2022. The FDIC indicated that it was taking this action in order to restore the DIF reserve ratio to the required statutory minimum of 1.35 by the statutory deadline of September 30, 2028. The FDIC said that the reserve ratio had declined below this level because of the increase in insured deposits since the start of the pandemic and other factors that affect the level of the DIF. Under the final rule, the increase in rates will begin with the first quarterly assessment period of 2023 and will remain in effect unless and until the reserve ratio meets or exceeds 2 in order to support growth in the DIF in progressing toward the FDIC s long-term goal of a 2 reserve ratio. The increase in assessment rates will apply to KeyBank. 
 
 Conservatorship and receivership of insured depository institutions 
 
 Upon the insolvency of an insured depository institution, the FDIC will be appointed as receiver or, in rare circumstances, conservator for the insolvent institution under the FDIA. In an insolvency, the FDIC may repudiate or disaffirm any contract to which the institution is a party if the FDIC determines that performance of the contract would be burdensome and that disaffirming or repudiating the contract would promote orderly administration of the institution s affairs. If the contractual counterparty made a claim against the receivership (or conservatorship) for breach of contract, the amount paid to the counterparty would depend upon, among other factors, the receivership (or conservatorship) assets available to pay the claim and the priority of the claim relative to others. In addition, the FDIC may enforce most contracts entered into by the insolvent institution, notwithstanding any provision that would terminate, cause a default, accelerate or give other rights under the contract solely because of the insolvency, the appointment of the receiver (or conservator), or the exercise of rights or powers by the receiver (or conservator). The FDIC may also transfer any asset or liability of the insolvent institution without obtaining approval or consent from the institution s shareholders or creditors. These provisions would apply to obligations and liabilities of KeyCorp s insured depository institution subsidiaries, such as KeyBank, including obligations under senior or subordinated debt issued to public investors. 
 
 Receivership of certain SIFIs 
 
 The Dodd-Frank Act created a new resolution regime, as an alternative to bankruptcy, known as the orderly liquidation authority OLA for certain SIFIs, including BHCs and their affiliates. Under the OLA, the FDIC would generally be appointed as receiver to liquidate and wind down a failing SIFI. The determination that a SIFI should be placed into OLA receivership is made by the U.S. Treasury Secretary, who must conclude that the SIFI is in default or in danger of default and that the SIFI s failure poses a risk to the stability of the U.S. financial system. This determination must come after supermajority recommendations by the Federal Reserve and the FDIC, and consultation between the U.S. Treasury Secretary and the President. 
 20 

Table of contents 

If the FDIC is appointed as receiver under the OLA, its powers and the rights and obligations of creditors and other relevant parties would be determined exclusively under the OLA. The powers of a receiver under the OLA are generally based on the FDIC s powers as receiver for insured depository institutions under the FDIA. Certain provisions of the OLA were modified to reduce disparate treatment of creditors claims between the U.S. Bankruptcy Code and the OLA. However, substantial differences between the two regimes remain, including the FDIC s right to disregard claim priority in some circumstances, the use of an administrative claims procedure under OLA to determine creditors claims (rather than a judicial procedure in bankruptcy), the FDIC s right to transfer claims to a bridge entity, and limitations on the ability of creditors to enforce contractual cross-defaults against potentially viable affiliates of the entity in receivership. OLA liquidity would be provided through credit support from the U.S. Treasury and assessments made, first, on claimants against the receivership that received more in the OLA resolution than they would have received in ordinary liquidation (to the full extent of the excess), and second, if necessary, on SIFIs like KeyCorp utilizing a risk-based methodology. 
 
 Depositor preference 
 
 The FDIA provides that, in the event of the liquidation or other resolution of an insured depository institution, the claims of its depositors (including claims of its depositors that have subrogated to the FDIC) and certain claims for administrative expenses of the FDIC as receiver have priority over other general unsecured claims. If an insured depository institution fails, insured and uninsured depositors, along with the FDIC, will be placed ahead of unsecured, nondeposit creditors, including the institution s parent BHC and subordinated creditors, in order of priority of payment. 
 
 Resolution plans 
 
 BHCs with at least 50 billion in total consolidated assets, like KeyCorp, have been required to periodically submit to the Federal Reserve and FDIC a plan discussing how the company could be rapidly and orderly resolved if the company failed or experienced material financial distress. Insured depository institutions with at least 50 billion in total consolidated assets, like KeyBank, have also been required to submit a resolution plan to the FDIC. These plans have been due annually unless the requirement to submit the plans was deferred by the regulators. The Federal Reserve and FDIC make available on their websites the public sections of resolution plans for the companies, including KeyCorp and KeyBank, that submitted plans. The public sections of the resolution plans of KeyCorp and KeyBank are available at http://www.federalreserve.gov/supervisionreg/resolution-plans.htm and https://www.fdic.gov/regulations/reform/resplans/. KeyCorp s last resolution plan was submitted in 2017, and KeyBank s last resolution plan was submitted in 2022. KeyCorp is no longer required to submit a resolution plan because of the rule change discussed below while KeyBank remains subject to resolution plan requirements as discussed below. 
 
 In October 2019, the Federal Reserve and FDIC adopted a final rule to modify the resolution planning requirements applicable to large BHCs. Under this final rule, BHCs with less than 250 billion in total consolidated assets will no longer be required to submit a resolution plan unless they have 75 billion or more in certain risk-based indicators. Under this final rule, KeyCorp is no longer subject to resolution planning requirements. 
 
 On April 16, 2019, the FDIC issued an advance notice of proposed rulemaking ANPR requesting public comment on potential changes to its rule imposing resolution planning requirements on large insured depository institutions, including potential modifications to the rule in the following areas: (i) creation of tiered resolution planning requirements based on institution size, complexity, and other factors; (ii) revisions to the frequency and required content of plan submissions, including elimination of plan submissions for a category of smaller and less complex institutions; (iii) improvements to the process for periodic engagements between the FDIC and institutions on resolution-related matters; and (iv) revision of the 50 billion asset threshold in the current rule. The FDIC indicated that it is considering two alternate approaches with respect to the tiering of resolution plan requirements. Under each of these approaches, institutions would be placed into three groups with the first two groups required to submit resolution plans with streamlined content requirements and the third group not required to submit a resolution plan. The FDIC would engage with institutions in all three groups on a periodic basis on a limited number of items related to resolution planning and would conduct periodic testing of the resolution planning capabilities of these institutions. Comments on this ANPR were due by June 21, 2019. Any changes to this rule will impact KeyBank. The FDIC extended the due date for the next resolution plan submission for all institutions until after the rulemaking is completed. 
 
 21 

Table of contents 

 On January 19, 2021, the FDIC issued a statement announcing that it will resume requiring insured depository institutions with 100 billion or more in assets to submit resolution plans. The FDIC said that it intends to streamline resolution plan content requirements and emphasize periodic engagement with firms regarding resolution planning issues. The FDIC further indicated that no firm will be required to submit a plan without at least twelve months advance notice being provided to the firm. 
 
 On June 25, 2021, the FDIC issued a statement describing the modified approach that it plans to take in implementing certain aspects of its resolution plan rule with respect to IDIs with 100 billion or more in total assets (including KeyBank). In this statement, the FDIC (i) indicated that these institutions will be required to submit resolution plans on a three-year cycle; (ii) described the content requirements for these resolution plan submissions; and (iii) specified that there will be greater emphasis in the future on periodic engagement and capabilities testing by the FDIC with individual institutions. A key goal of the FDIC s modified approach is to provide the FDIC with the information that it will need to meet the operational challenges of resolving an institution in a way that best preserves value and minimizes disruptions. The FDIC stated that resolution plans will be submitted in two groups, with the first group consisting of IDIs whose parent company is not a U.S. global systemically important bank GSIB or a Category II banking organization and the second group consisting of all other IDIs with 100 billion or more in total assets. KeyBank is in the first group. 
 
 On October 14, 2022, and October 18, 2022, the Federal Reserve and the FDIC issued an ANPR requesting public comment on the potential adoption of new resolution-related resource requirements for large banking organizations that are not GSIBs. The new requirements would potentially include a long-term debt requirement that would provide an extra layer of loss-absorbing capacity, a clean-holding company requirement (prohibiting certain financial arrangements such as short-term borrowings or derivatives), and a requirement for the identification of separability options in the context of recovery or resolution. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC stated that large banking organizations for this purpose are those banking organizations that have 100 billion or more in total consolidated assets and are not GSIBs but indicated that the focus of this ANPR was on Category II and Category III banking organizations, which are banking organizations with 250 billion or more in total consolidated assets or that meet certain risk-based criteria. KeyCorp is a Category IV banking organization and would not be subject to the potential new requirements unless they are extended to Category IV banking organizations. Comments on the ANPR were due by December 23, 2022. The Federal Reserve and the FDIC extended the due date for comments to January 23, 2023. 
 
 Other Regulatory Developments 
 
 The Bank Secrecy Act 
 
 The BSA requires all financial institutions (including banks and securities broker-dealers) to, among other things, maintain a risk-based system of internal controls reasonably designed to prevent money laundering and the financing of terrorism. It includes a variety of recordkeeping and reporting requirements (such as cash and suspicious activity reporting) as well as due diligence and know-your-customer documentation requirements. Key has established and maintains an AML program to comply with the BSA s requirements. 
 
 Consumer Financial Protection Bureau 
 
 Title X of the Dodd-Frank Act created the CFPB, a consumer financial services regulator with supervisory authority over banks and their affiliates with assets of more than 10 billion, like Key, to carry out federal consumer protection laws. The CFPB also regulates financial products and services sold to consumers and has rulemaking authority with respect to federal consumer financial laws. Any new regulatory requirements promulgated by the CFPB or modifications in the interpretations of existing regulations could require changes to Key s consumer-facing businesses. The Dodd-Frank Act also gives the CFPB broad data collecting powers for fair lending for both small business and mortgage loans, as well as extensive authority to prevent unfair, deceptive and abusive practices. 
 
 Volcker Rule 
 
 The Volcker Rule implements Section 619 of the Dodd-Frank Act, which prohibits banking entities, such as KeyCorp, KeyBank and their affiliates and subsidiaries, from owning, sponsoring, or having certain relationships with hedge funds and private equity funds (referred to as covered funds and engaging in short-term proprietary trading of financial instruments, including securities, derivatives, commodity futures and options on these instruments. 
 22 

Table of contents 

The Volcker Rule excepts certain transactions from the general prohibition against proprietary trading, including transactions in government securities (e.g., U.S. Treasuries or any instruments issued by the GNMA, FNMA, FHLMC, a Federal Home Loan Bank, or any state or a political division of any state, among others); transactions in connection with underwriting or market-making activities; and transactions as a fiduciary on behalf of customers. A banking entity may also engage in risk-mitigating hedging activity if it can demonstrate that the hedge reduces or mitigates a specific, identifiable risk or aggregate risk position of the entity. The banking entity is required to conduct an analysis supporting its hedging strategy and the effectiveness of the hedges must be monitored and, if necessary, adjusted on an ongoing basis. 
 
 Although the Volcker Rule became effective on April 1, 2014, the Federal Reserve exercised its unilateral authority to extend the compliance deadline until July 21, 2017, with respect to covered funds. In addition, on December 12, 2016, the Federal Reserve released additional guidelines regarding how banking entities may seek an extension of the conformance period for certain legacy covered fund investments. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, the Federal Reserve is authorized to provide a banking entity up to an additional five years to conform legacy investments (i.e., contractual commitments of a banking organization on or before May 1, 2010, to make an investment) in illiquid covered funds. 
 
 Key does not anticipate that the proprietary trading restrictions in the Volcker Rule will have a material impact on its business, but it may be required to divest certain fund investments as discussed in more detail in Note 6 Fair Value Measurements in Item 8 of this report. On January 13, 2017, Key filed for an additional extension for illiquid funds, to retain certain indirect investments until the earlier of the date on which the investments are conformed or are expected to mature or July 21, 2022. The application for an extension was approved on February 14, 2017. This time period was subsequently extended to July 21, 2023. As of December 31, 2022, we have not committed to sell these investments. Therefore, these investments continue to be valued using the net asset value per share methodology. 
 
 On October 8, 2019, five federal agencies announced their adoption of a final rule to simplify and tailor requirements relating to the Volcker Rule. Among other things, the final rule (i) revises the definition of certain terms relevant in determining the scope of the Volcker Rule; (ii) modifies the eligibility criteria for a banking entity to be able to rely on certain exemptions and exclusions from the proprietary trading and covered fund prohibitions; (iii) adds additional proprietary trading exclusions; and (iv) tailors the rule s compliance requirements based on the size of a firm s trading assets and liabilities. Under the final rule, a banking entity is subject to the most stringent compliance requirements if it has significant trading assets and liabilities, that is, total consolidated trading assets and liabilities of at least 20 billion. A banking entity with total consolidated trading assets and liabilities between 1 billion and 20 billion is regarded as having moderate trading assets and liabilities and is subject to a requirement to have a simplified compliance program that must be appropriate given that banking entity s activities, size, scope, and complexity. A presumption of compliance applies to a banking entity with limited trading assets and liabilities, that is, total consolidated trading assets and liabilities of less than 1 billion. The final rule rule became effective on January 1, 2020, and the compliance date was January 1, 2021. Key has moderate trading assets and liabilities as calculated under the final rule. The final rule did not have a material impact on Key s operations. 
 
 On June 25, 2020, five federal agencies announced their adoption of a final rule to clarify and streamline the covered fund-related provisions of the Volcker Rule. Among other things, the final rule (i) permits certain low-risk transactions (including intraday credit, riskless principal, and payment, clearing, and settlement transactions) between a banking entity and covered funds for which the banking entity serves as the investment adviser, investment manager, or sponsor; (ii) clarifies exclusions from the covered fund definition for foreign public funds, loan securitizations, small business investment companies, and public welfare investment funds; and (iii) permits banking entities to invest in or sponsor certain types of funds that do not raise the concerns that the Volcker Rule was intended to address, such as credit funds, venture capital funds, customer facilitation funds, and family wealth management vehicles. The final rule became effective on October 1, 2020. 
 
 Enhanced prudential standards and early remediation requirements 
 
 As enacted in 2010, the Dodd-Frank Act required the Federal Reserve to impose EPSs upon BHCs, like KeyCorp, with at least 50 billion in total consolidated assets. Prudential standards were required to include enhanced risk-based capital requirements and leverage limits, liquidity requirements, risk-management and risk committee requirements, resolution plan requirements, credit exposure report requirements, single counterparty credit limits SCCL ), supervisory and company-run stress test requirements and, for certain financial companies, a debt-to- 
 23 

Table of contents 

 equity limit. Early remediation requirements were required to include limits on capital distributions, acquisitions, and asset growth in early stages of financial decline and capital restoration plans, capital raising requirements, limits on transactions with affiliates, management changes, and asset sales in later stages of financial decline, which would be triggered by forward-looking indicators including regulatory capital and liquidity measures. 
 
 The resolution plan requirements were implemented by a joint final rule adopted by the Federal Reserve and FDIC in 2011 and were revised by a joint final rule adopted by the Federal Reserve and FDIC in 2019. In 2011, the Federal Reserve also issued a proposal to implement the stress test, early remediation, and SCCL requirements. However, when that proposal was adopted as a final rule in 2012, it included only the stress test requirements and not the SCCL or early remediation requirements. 
 
 In March 2014, the Federal Reserve published a final rule to implement certain of the EPSs required under the Dodd-Frank Act, including: (i) the incorporation of the Regulatory Capital Rules through the Federal Reserve s previously finalized rules on capital planning and stress tests; (ii) liquidity requirements; (iii) the risk management framework, the risk committee, and the chief risk officer as well as the corporate governance requirements as they relate to liquidity risk management; and (iv) a 15-to-1 debt-to-equity limit for companies that the FSOC determines pose a grave threat to U.S. financial stability. KeyCorp was required to comply with the final rule starting on January 1, 2015. 
 
 EGRRCPA, which was enacted on May 24, 2018, raised, from 50 billion to 250 billion, the asset threshold above which the Federal Reserve is required to apply EPSs to BHCs. EGRRCPA gave the Federal Reserve the authority, following notice and comment procedures, to continue to apply EPSs to any BHCs having at least 100 billion but less than 250 billion in total consolidated assets (like KeyCorp). Also, this statute requires the Federal Reserve to continue to conduct periodic stress tests of BHCs with assets between 100 billion and 250 billion (like KeyCorp), and the requirement for a publicly traded BHC to have a risk committee continues to apply if a BHC has assets of at least 50 billion. 
 
 On June 14, 2018, the Federal Reserve issued a final rule establishing SCCL requirements for BHCs with 250 billion or more in total consolidated assets. The final rule does not apply to KeyCorp. The Federal Reserve has taken no further action on the early remediation requirements proposed in 2011. 
 
 In one of the Tailoring Rules issued in October 2019 to implement EGRRCPA, the Federal Reserve amended certain of its rules governing EPSs to apply tailored regulatory standards to large BHCs in each of the four risk-based categories of institutions described in the Tailoring Rules. Based on Key s analysis of the Tailoring Rules, KeyCorp believes that it is a Category IV Firm, the least restrictive of these categories. The Tailoring Rules are discussed further under the headings Regulatory capital requirements - Liquidity requirements and Regulatory capital requirements - Capital planning and stress testing. 
 
 Bank transactions with affiliates 
 
 Federal banking law and regulation imposes qualitative standards and quantitative limitations upon certain transactions by a bank with its affiliates, including the bank s parent BHC and certain companies the parent BHC may be deemed to control for these purposes. Transactions covered by these provisions must be on arm s-length terms, and cannot exceed certain amounts that are determined with reference to the bank s regulatory capital. Moreover, if the transaction is a loan or other extension of credit, it must be secured by collateral in an amount and quality expressly prescribed by statute, and if the affiliate is unable to pledge sufficient collateral, the BHC may be required to provide it. These provisions significantly restrict the ability of KeyBank to fund its affiliates, including KeyCorp, KBCM, and KeyCorp s nonbanking subsidiaries engaged in making merchant banking investments (and certain companies in which these subsidiaries have invested). 
 
 Provisions added by the Dodd-Frank Act expanded the scope of: (i) the definition of affiliate to include any investment fund having any bank or BHC-affiliated company as an investment adviser; (ii) credit exposures subject to the prohibition on the acceptance of low-quality assets or securities issued by an affiliate as collateral, the quantitative limits, and the collateralization requirements to now include credit exposures arising out of derivative, repurchase agreement, and securities lending/borrowing transactions; and (iii) transactions subject to quantitative limits to now also include credit collateralized by affiliate-issued debt obligations that are not securities. In addition, these provisions require that a credit extension to an affiliate remain secured in accordance with the collateral requirements at all times that it is outstanding, rather than the previous requirement of only at the inception or upon material modification of the transaction. These provisions also raise significantly the procedural and substantive 
 24 

Table of contents 

 hurdles required to obtain a regulatory exemption from the affiliate transaction requirements. While these provisions became effective on July 21, 2012, the Federal Reserve has not yet issued a proposed rule to implement them. 
 
 Supervision and governance 
 
 On November 2, 2018, the Federal Reserve announced that it is adopting a new supervisory rating system for large financial institutions, including BHCs with total consolidated assets of 100 billion or more (like KeyCorp) LFI Rating System ), in order to align the Federal Reserve s rating system with the post-crisis supervisory programs for these firms. The LFI Rating System will provide a supervisory evaluation of whether an institution possesses sufficient operational strength and resilience to maintain safe and sound operations through a range of conditions and will assess an institution s capital planning and positions, liquidity risk management and positions, and governance and controls. Institutions subject to the LFI Rating System will be rated using the following scale: Broadly Meets Expectations, Conditionally Meets Expectations, Deficient-1, and Deficient-2, with the Conditionally Meets Expectations rating intended to be used as a transitory rating to allow an institution time to remediate a concern identified during the supervisory evaluation. The Federal Reserve assigned initial ratings under the LFI Rating System in 2019 to institutions that are subject to the Large Institution Supervision Coordinating Committee framework (excluding KeyCorp) and assigned initial ratings in 2020 for all other large financial institutions subject to this rating system (including KeyCorp). 
 
 The governance and controls component of the LFI Rating System was the subject of two separate, but related proposals: (i) proposed guidance regarding supervisory expectations for boards of directors of large financial institutions; and (ii) proposed guidance regarding core principles for effective senior management, business management, and independent risk management and controls for large financial institutions. The proposed guidance regarding supervisory expectations for boards of directors was published by the Federal Reserve on August 3, 2017. The final guidance on this subject was issued by the Federal Reserve on February 26, 2021. The final guidance describes the key attributes of effective boards of directors of large financial institutions, including BHCs with 100 billion or more in total consolidated assets. This guidance adopts a principles-based approach to describe attributes of effective boards of directors and provides illustrative examples of effective practices. The Federal Reserve indicated that it intends to use the board effectiveness guidance in informing its assessment of governance and controls at all firms subject to the LFI Rating System (including KeyCorp). 
 
 The Federal Reserve has not finalized the proposed guidance referenced above regarding core principles for effective senior management, business management, and independent risk management and controls for large financial institutions. This guidance, which was proposed by the Federal Reserve on January 4, 2018, would support the supervisory evaluation under the governance and controls component of the LFI Rating System, together with the above-mentioned guidance regarding the effectiveness of a firm s board of directors. In general, the guidance proposes core principles for effective senior management, business line management, and the independent risk management and control function. The guidance encourages firms to establish a governance structure with appropriate levels of independence and stature, by appointing a Chief Risk Officer and a Chief Audit Officer. Finally, the guidance emphasizes the importance of independent risk management, internal controls, and internal audit, and establishes principles that firms should use to establish or augment those management and control frameworks. Comments on this proposal were due by March 15, 2018. We are awaiting the final rulemaking. 
 
 Community Reinvestment Act 
 
 The Community Reinvestment Act CRA was enacted in 1977 to encourage depository institutions to help meet the credit needs of the communities that they serve, including low- and moderate-income LMI neighborhoods, consistent with the institutions safe and sound operations. The CRA requires the federal banking agencies to assess the record of each institution that they supervise in meeting the credit needs of its entire community, including LMI neighborhoods. 
 
 On May 20, 2020, the OCC issued a final rule (the 2020 Final Rule to revise the agency s CRA regulation to strengthen and modernize the framework by which the OCC assesses a bank s CRA performance. The OCC stated that it was doing so in order to make the CRA regulatory framework more objective, transparent, consistent in application, and reflective of changes in banking and thereby better achieve the statutory purpose of encouraging banks to serve the needs of their communities, particularly LMI neighborhoods and other communities that have been underserved. The final rule became effective on October 1, 2020. Certain provisions of the rule had compliance dates of January 1, 2023, or January 1, 2024. 
 25 

Table of contents 

On September 21, 2020, the Federal Reserve issued an ANPR requesting public comment on ways to modernize CRA regulations by strengthening, clarifying, and tailoring them to reflect the current banking landscape and better achieve the core purpose of the CRA. The ANPR sought public feedback on ways to evaluate how banks meet the needs of LMI communities and address inequities in credit access. Comments were due by February 16, 2021. 
 
 On November 24, 2020, the OCC requested public comment on an NPR setting forth the OCC s proposed approach for determining the benchmarks, thresholds, and minimums that would be used in assessing a bank s performance under the general performance standards contained in the 2020 Final Rule. Comments on the NPR were due by February 2, 2021. On December 15, 2020, the OCC published a notice requesting comment on an information collection survey that the OCC would require banks subject to the CRA general performance standards to complete. Comments on this notice were due by February 16, 2021. 
 
 On May 18, 2021, the OCC announced that it will reconsider the 2020 Final Rule. The OCC said that it intends to evaluate issues and questions that have been raised concerning the 2020 Final Rule, consider additional stakeholder input, reassess relevant data, and take additional regulatory action, as appropriate. In addition, the OCC stated that it does not plan to finalize a rule that it proposed in December 2020 to provide an approach for determining the benchmarks, thresholds, and minimums that would be used to assess a bank s performance under the 2020 Final Rule. The OCC further said that it was discontinuing the CRA information collection published in December 2020 that relates to this subject. 
 
 On July 20, 2021, the OCC announced that it had completed its review of the 2020 Final Rule and that it planned to (i) propose rescinding the 2020 Final Rule; and (ii) work with the Federal Reserve and the FDIC to develop a joint rulemaking to strengthen and modernize regulations implementing the CRA. Also, on July 20, 2021, the OCC, the Federal Reserve, and the FDIC issued an interagency statement indicating that they are committed to working together to issue a joint rulemaking with respect to CRA modernization. 
 
 On December 14, 2021, the OCC issued a final rule to rescind the 2020 Final Rule and replace it with a rule based largely on the CRA rules adopted jointly by the federal banking agencies in 1995. The OCC indicated that the adoption of this final rule creates consistency for all insured depository institutions and facilitates the ongoing interagency work to modernize the CRA regulatory framework. This final rule was effective on January 1, 2022, but the compliance date for the final rule s public file and public notice provisions was April 1, 2022. 
 
 On May 5, 2022, the federal banking agencies issued for public comment a proposal to strengthen and modernize their regulations implementing the CRA to better achieve the purposes of the law, adapt to changes in the banking industry, and provide clarity and consistency in the application of their regulations. Among other things, the proposal (1) would revise the community development definitions to clarify eligibility criteria for a broad range of community development activities, (2) would adopt four new tests under which large banks with more than 10 billion in assets (including KeyBank) would be evaluated, (3) would apply a new framework for assigning conclusions and ratings to banks, (4) would require the evaluation of a large bank s performance in retail lending assessment areas in addition to facility-based assessment areas, and (5) would impose new data collection and reporting requirements on large banks. The four new tests under which large banks would be evaluated are a retail lending test, a retail services and products test, a community development financing test, and a community development services test. Various metrics and performance standards would be applied under these tests. Comments on this proposal were due by August 5, 2022. KeyBank will be required to comply with any final rule that might be adopted. 
 
 Control standards 
 
 On January 30, 2020, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule setting forth a new, comprehensive framework for determining control under the BHCA and the Home Owners Loan Act. The final rule simplifies and provides greater transparency regarding the standards used by the Federal Reserve to determine whether one company has control over another company. The final rule codifies existing Federal Reserve precedents on control and makes certain targeted adjustments to these precedents. The final rule provides a tiered framework that looks at the size of an investing company s voting and total equity investment in another company along with a variety of other factors, including board representation, officer and employee interlocks, and the existence of business relationships between the companies. By providing greater clarity regarding the standards that will be applied for control determinations, the final rule may facilitate (i) BHCs making minority investments in nonbank companies; and (ii) nonbank investors taking minority stakes in banking organizations. The final rule became effective September 30, 2020. 
 26 

Table of contents 

Regulatory developments concerning COVID-19 
 
 During the COVID-19 crisis, the federal banking agencies issued a number of statements encouraging financial institutions to meet the financial needs of their customers and have taken steps to provide financial institutions with additional flexibility to meet their customers needs. Certain of these steps are discussed above under the headings Regulatory capital requirements Recent regulatory capital-related developments and Regulatory capital requirements Capital planning and stress testing. 
 
 The CARES Act, enacted on March 27, 2020, contains a number of provisions that affect banking organizations. One of these provisions concerns the PPP, a program administered by the Small Business Administration (the SBA to provide loans to small businesses for payroll and other basic expenses during the COVID-19 crisis. The loans can be made by SBA-certified lenders and are 100 guaranteed by the SBA. The loans are eligible to be forgiven if certain conditions are satisfied, in which event the SBA will make payment to the lender for the forgiven amounts. KeyBank has participated in the PPP as a lender. 
 
 On June 22, 2020, the FDIC issued a final rule that mitigates the impact of PPP lending on banks deposit insurance assessments. Also, in accordance with the CARES Act, a PPP loan will be assigned a risk weight of zero percent under the federal banking agencies risk-based capital rules. 
 
 On June 23, 2020, the federal banking agencies, in conjunction with state bank regulators, issued interagency examiner guidance outlining supervisory principles for assessing the safety and soundness of banks given the ongoing impact of the COVID-19 pandemic. The agencies stated that they will consider the unique, evolving, and potentially long-term nature of the issues that banks are confronting and will exercise appropriate flexibility in their supervisory response. The agencies said that they will continue to assess institutions in accordance with existing agency policies and procedures and will consider whether a bank s management has managed risk appropriately, including taking appropriate actions in response to stresses caused by the COVID-19 pandemic. 
 
 On March 31, 2021, the CFPB announced that it was rescinding seven policy statements issued in 2020, which provided financial institutions with temporary regulatory flexibility in complying with various consumer protection laws when they are working with customers affected by the COVID-19 pandemic. The CFPB indicated that, with these rescissions, it intends to exercise the full scope of its supervision and enforcement authority provided by the Dodd-Frank Act. 
 
 On November 10, 2021, the federal banking agencies along with state bank regulators issued a joint statement stating that the temporary supervisory and enforcement flexibility that they announced in a joint statement issued on April 3, 2020, with respect to the application of certain requirements under the mortgage servicing rules no longer applies. In their November 10, 2021, joint statement, the agencies indicated that they intend to apply their respective supervisory and enforcement authorities, where appropriate, to address any noncompliance or violations of the mortgage servicing rules that occur after the date of their new statement. 
 
 Federal LIBOR transition legislation 
 
 On March 15, 2022, President Biden signed into law the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2022, which contains the Adjustable Interest Rate (LIBOR) Act (the LIBOR Act ). The LIBOR Act addresses certain issues relating to the transition from the use of LIBOR as a benchmark reference rate in contracts to the use of alternate reference rates. Among other things, the LIBOR Act (i) provides for the replacement, by operation of law, of LIBOR with a SOFR-based reference rate selected by the Federal Reserve for contracts which do not have effective fallback language; (ii) authorizes persons who have discretionary authority for selecting a LIBOR replacement to opt into a statutory safe harbor from liability by selecting the benchmark identified by the Federal Reserve; (iii) states that parties to a contract may opt out of the LIBOR Act; and (iv) provides that no federal supervisory agency may take supervisory action against a bank solely because the bank uses a benchmark rate other than SOFR. The LIBOR Act directs the Federal Reserve to promulgate regulations to implement this legislation by 180 days after the date of enactment. 
 
 On December 16, 2022, the Federal Reserve adopted a final rule to implement the LIBOR Act. The final rule establishes Federal Reserve-selected benchmark replacements for contracts governed by federal or state law that use LIBOR as a benchmark reference rate but do not provide for a clearly defined or practicable replacement after June 30, 2023, when LIBOR will no longer be available in its current form. The final rule identifies separate Federal Reserve-selected replacement rates for different categories of LIBOR contracts, including, among others, derivative 
 27 

Table of contents 

 transactions, consumer loans, and contracts involving entities regulated by the Federal Housing Finance Agency. Consistent with the LIBOR Act, each replacement rate is based on SOFR and incorporates spread adjustments for each specified tenor of LIBOR. The final rule also defines various terms and clarifies certain matters relating to the implementation, administration, and calculation of the benchmark replacement rate, including clarification of who is considered a determining person able to make the decision to use the Federal Reserve-selected rate in a LIBOR contract. In addition, the final rule indicates that this rule preempts any state or local law, regulation, or standard relating to the selection or use of a benchmark replacement for LIBOR or related conforming changes. The final rule ensures that LIBOR contracts adopting a Federal Reserve-selected benchmark will not be interrupted or terminated following LIBOR s replacement. The final rule is effective February 27, 2023. 
 
 Developments relating to climate change 
 
 On December 16, 2021, the OCC issued draft principles designed to provide a high-level framework for the safe and sound management of exposures to climate-related financial risks by national banks with more than 100 billion in total consolidated assets. The draft principles support efforts by banks to identify, measure, monitor, and mitigate the risks associated with climate change and encourage banks to incorporate consideration of climate-related financial risks into, among other things, strategic planning, credit underwriting, internal reporting, policies, procedures, and limits. The OCC requested public feedback on its draft principles by February 14, 2022, and said that it planned to elaborate on these principles in subsequent guidance that would distinguish roles and responsibilities of boards of directors and management, incorporate the feedback it receives, and consider lessons learned and best practices from the industry and other jurisdictions. Final principles or other guidance from the OCC regarding climate-related risk management would apply to KeyBank. 
 
 On March 21, 2022, the SEC issued for public comment a proposal to amend its rules under the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to require public companies (including KeyCorp) to provide detailed climate-related information in their registration statements and periodic reports. Among other things, the proposal would require public companies to disclose information about (i) climate-related risks that are reasonably likely to have a material impact on the company s business or financial statements over the short-, medium- or long-term; (ii) the actual and potential impacts of such risks on the company s strategy, business model, and outlook; (iii) the role of the board of directors in overseeing climate-related risks and management s role in assessing and managing such risks; (iv) the impact of climate-related events and transitional activities on line items in the company s consolidated financial statements as well as the financial estimates and assumptions used in the financial statements; and (v) the company s direct greenhouse gas emissions, indirect emissions from purchased energy, and, if material, indirect emissions from the company s value chain (which may include financed emissions in a bank s loan portfolio). The financial services industry has not yet adopted a standardized methodology for banks to use to quantitatively measure indirect emissions from a bank s value chain, such as financed emissions. Accordingly, this proposal would require many banks to quantify and disclose financed emissions on a comprehensive scale for the first time. Comments on the SEC s proposal were originally due by May 20, 2022. The comment period was extended to June 17, 2022. On October 7, 2022, the SEC reopened the comment period on this proposal until November 1, 2022, due to a technological error that resulted in a number of public comments submitted through the SEC s comment website not being received by the SEC. 
 
 On December 2, 2022, the Federal Reserve issued for public comment proposed principles that would provide a high-level framework for the safe and sound management of exposures to climate-related financial risks for large banking organizations supervised by the Federal Reserve, including BHCs with over 100 billion in total consolidated assets (such as KeyCorp). The proposed principles would cover six areas: governance; policies, procedures, and limits; strategic planning; risk management; data, risk measurement, and reporting; and scenario analysis. The proposed principles would also describe how climate-related financial risks can be addressed by banking organizations in connection with various specific risk categories, including credit risk, liquidity risk, operational risk, and legal/compliance risk. The proposal issued by the OCC, which would apply to national banks (such as KeyBank), is discussed above.The FDIC s proposal, which would apply to insured state nonmember banks, state-licensed insured branches of foreign banks, and state savings associations, was issued on March 30, 2022. The Federal Reserve indicated that it intends to coordinate with the other federal banking agencies in issuing any final guidance on this subject. Comments on this proposal were due by February 6, 2023. We are awaiting the final rulemaking. 

28 

Table of contents 

 Computer-Security Incident Notification Requirements 
 
 On November 23, 2021, the federal banking agencies published a final rule that establishes computer-security incident notification requirements for banking organizations (including banks and BHCs) and bank service providers. The final rule requires a banking organization to notify its primary federal regulator as soon as possible and no later than 36 hours after the banking organization determines that a computer-security incident that rises to the level of a notification incident has occurred. A notification incident includes, among other things, a computer-security incident that materially disrupts or degrades, or is reasonable likely to materially disrupt or degrade, a banking organization s operations or activities or its ability to deliver products or services to a material portion of its customer base. The final rule also requires a bank service provider to notify a banking organization of certain material disruptions in services provided to the banking organization. The final rule became effective on April 1, 2022, and has required a compliance date of May 1, 2022. The final rule applies to KeyBank and KeyCorp. 

ITEM 1A. RISK FACTORS 
 
 As a financial services organization, we are subject to a number of risks inherent in our transactions and present in the business decisions we make. Described below are the material risks and uncertainties that if realized could have a material and adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows, and our access to liquidity. The risks and uncertainties described below are not the only risks we face. Disclosures of risks should not be interpreted to imply that the risks have not already materialized. 
 
 Our ERM program incorporates risk management throughout our organization to identify, understand, and manage the risks presented by our business activities. Our ERM program identifies Key s major risk categories as: credit risk, compliance risk, operational risk, liquidity risk, market risk, reputation risk, strategic risk, and model risk. These risk factors, and other risks we may face, are discussed in more detail in other sections of this report. 
 
 I. Credit Risk 
 
 We have concentrated credit exposure in commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, and commercial leases. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, approximately 69 of our loan portfolio consisted of commercial and industrial loans, commercial real estate loans, including commercial mortgage and construction loans, and commercial leases. These types of loans are typically larger than single family residential real estate loans and other types of consumer loans and have a different risk profile. The deterioration of a larger loan or a group of loans in this category could cause an increase in criticized and nonperforming loans, which could result in lower earnings from these loans, additional provision for loan and lease losses, and ultimately an increase in loan losses. 
 
 Should the fundamentals of the commercial real estate market deteriorate, our financial condition and results of operations could be adversely affected. 
 
 Recent and ongoing Federal Reserve monetary policy, including shrinkage of its balance sheet and incremental increases in target interest rates, have begun to impact the commercial and residential real estate markets. Capitalization rates are rising, and property value appreciation has slowed or ceased altogether. In many markets within Key s footprint, property values have begun to decrease. Multifamily and industrial properties continue to remain stable, but office, retail, hospitality, and single family detached properties are beginning to show early signs of potential deterioration. Development and construction continue, but at muted levels, and deliveries of additional units into the market have been supported. Oversupply of multifamily housing is a concern in certain urban and gateway markets. However, our exposures in those markets are limited. The most severely impacted commercial real estate segments have been in office and retail. Key s non-owner occupied office and retail exposures are 12 of our total commercial real estate exposure. Substantial deterioration in property market fundamentals could negatively impact our portfolio, with a large portion of our clients active in real estate but in the comparatively better performing multifamily space. A correction in the real estate markets could impact the ability of borrowers to make debt service payments on loans or to refinance the loans at maturity. A relatively small portion of our commercial real estate loans are construction loans. New construction and value-add or rehabilitation construction projects are 
 29 

Table of contents 

 not fully leased at loan origination. These properties typically require additional leasing through the life of the loan to provide cash flow to support debt service payments. If property market fundamentals deteriorate sharply, performance under existing leases could deteriorate and the execution of new leases could slow, compromising the borrower s ability to cover debt service payments. 
 
 We are subject to the risk of defaults by our loan clients and counterparties. 
 
 Many of our routine transactions expose us to credit risk, including the risk of default of our counterparty or client. Our credit risk may be exacerbated when the collateral held cannot be realized upon or is liquidated at prices insufficient to recover the full amount of the loan or derivative exposure due to us. In deciding whether to extend credit or enter into other transactions, we rely on information furnished by or on behalf of counterparties and clients, including financial statements, credit reports and other information. We also rely on representations of those counterparties, clients, or other third parties as to the accuracy and completeness of that information. The inaccuracy of that information or those representations affects our ability to accurately evaluate the default risk of a counterparty or client. Given the Dodd-Frank legislative mandate to centrally clear eligible derivative contracts, we rely on central clearing counterparties to remain open and operationally viable at all times. A large member failure or a cybersecurity breach could result in a counterparty or client disruption. 
 
 Various factors may cause our allowance for loan and lease losses to increase. 
 
 We maintain an ALLL (a reserve established through a provision for loan and lease losses charged to expense) that represents our estimate of losses based on our evaluation of risks within our existing portfolio of loans. The level of the allowance at December 31, 2022 represents management s estimate of expected credit losses over the contractual life of our existing loan portfolio. The determination of the appropriate level of the ALLL inherently involves a degree of subjectivity and requires that we make significant estimates of current credit risks and current trends and reasonable and supportable forecasts of future economic conditions, all of which may undergo frequent and material changes. Changes in economic conditions affecting borrowers, the softening of certain macroeconomic variables that we are more susceptible to, such as GDP, unemployment, SOFR, producer price index, industrial production, interest rates and real estate values, along with updated information regarding existing loans, identification of additional problem loans and other factors, both within and outside of our control, may indicate the need for an increase in the ALLL. 
 
 Declining asset prices could adversely affect us. 
 
 During the Great Recession, the volatility and disruption that the capital and credit markets experienced reached extreme levels. This severe market disruption led to the failure of several substantial financial institutions, which caused the credit markets to constrict and caused a widespread liquidation of assets. These asset sales, along with asset sales by other leveraged investors, including some hedge funds, rapidly drove down prices and valuations across a wide variety of traded asset classes. Asset price deterioration has a negative effect on the valuation of certain of the asset categories represented on our balance sheet and reduces our ability to sell assets at prices we deem acceptable. 
 
 The most recent recession, resulting from the impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, did not have significant lasting impact on collateral value. However, there are still risks to economic stability that could reverse recent stable trends in asset prices. 
 
 These risks include: 
 A correction in equity or housing markets; 
 Additional surges in COVID-19 cases leading to a decrease in economic activity; 
 Further supply chain issues such as closed factories and disrupted port activity as well as the impact of the Russia-Ukraine conflict on transportation and availability of materials; 
 Labor-supply constraints could continue longer than anticipated, leading to slowing job growth and boosting wages along with inflation (wage-price spiral); and 
 Negative GDP, as a result of, in part, the Federal Reserve s monetary policy efforts to arrest inflationary pressures within the broader economy. 
 
 30 

Table of contents 

 II. Compliance Risk 
 
 We are subject to extensive government regulation, supervision, and tax legislation. 
 
 As a financial services institution, we are subject to extensive federal and state regulation, supervision, and tax legislation. Banking regulations are primarily intended to protect depositors funds, the DIF, consumers, taxpayers, and the banking system as a whole, not our debtholders or shareholders. These regulations increase our costs and affect our lending practices, capital structure, investment practices, dividend policy, ability to repurchase our common shares, and growth, among other things. 
 
 KeyBank and KeyCorp remain covered institutions under the Dodd-Frank Act s heightened prudential standards and regulations, including its provisions designed to protect consumers from financial abuse. Like similarly situated institutions, Key undergoes routine scrutiny from bank supervisors in the examination process and is subject to enforcement of regulations at the federal and state levels, particularly with respect to consumer banking-related practices, including fair and responsible banking, fair lending, unfair, deceptive or abusive practices, and the Community Reinvestment Act, as well as compliance with AML, BSA and Office of Foreign Assets Control efforts. Federal rulemaking bodies continue to pass new, or modifications to, significant regulations with upcoming effective dates. There has also been an increase in state legislative activity, particularly in areas such as student lending and privacy. As new privacy-related laws and regulations, such as the California Consumer Privacy Act, are implemented in jurisdictions in which KeyBank operates, the time and resources needed for us to comply with such laws and regulations, as well as our potential liability for noncompliance and reporting obligations in the case of data breaches, may significantly increase. Compliance with these laws and regulations has required and may continue to require us to change our policies, procedures, and technology for information security and segregation of data, which could, among other things, make us more vulnerable to operational failures, and subject us to monetary penalties for breach of such laws and regulations. As a result, some uncertainty remains as to the aggregate impact upon Key of significant regulations. 
 Changes to existing statutes and regulations, and taxes (including industry-specific taxes and surcharges), or their interpretation or implementation, could affect us in substantial and unpredictable ways. Interpretation of consumer banking-related regulations may evolve as the industry and the regulators seek to increase access to banking products and services by consumers. These changes may subject us to additional costs and increase our litigation risk should we fail to appropriately comply. Such changes may also impact consumer behavior, limit the types of financial services and products we may offer, affect the investments we make, and change the manner in which we operate. In addition, changes to laws and regulations may impact our customers by requiring them to adjust their operations or practices or impair their ability to pay fees or outstanding loans or afford new products, which could negatively impact demand for our products and services. 
 
 Certain federal regulations have been in existence for decades without modification to account for modern banking practices, such as digital delivery of products and services, which can create challenges in execution and in the examination process. Emerging technologies, such as cryptocurrencies, could limit KeyBank s ability to track the movement of funds. KeyBank s ability to comply with BSA/AML and other regulations is dependent on its ability to improve detection and reporting capabilities and reduce variation in control processes and oversight accountability. 
 
 Additionally, federal banking law grants substantial enforcement powers to federal banking regulators. This enforcement authority includes, among other things, the ability to assess civil money penalties, fines, or restitution, to issue cease and desist or removal orders, and to initiate injunctive actions against banking organizations and affiliated parties. These enforcement actions may be initiated for violations of laws and regulations, for practices determined to be unsafe or unsound, or for practices or acts that are determined to be unfair, deceptive, or abusive. Failure to comply with these and other regulations, and supervisory expectations related thereto, may result in fines, penalties, lawsuits, regulatory sanctions, reputational damage, or restrictions on our business. Moreover, different government administrations may have different regulatory priorities, which may impact the level of regulation of financial institutions and the enforcement environment. 
 
 For more information, see Supervision and Regulation in Item 1 of this report. 

31 

Table of contents 

 Changes in accounting policies, standards, and interpretations could materially affect how we report our financial condition and results of operations. 
 
 The FASB periodically changes the financial accounting and reporting standards governing the preparation of Key s financial statements. Additionally, those bodies that establish and/or interpret the financial accounting and reporting standards (such as the FASB, SEC, and banking regulators) may change prior interpretations or positions on how these standards should be applied. These changes can be difficult to predict and can materially affect how Key records and reports its financial condition and results of operations. In some cases, Key could be required to retroactively apply a new or revised standard, resulting in changes to previously reported financial results. 
 
 III. Operational Risk 
 
 We are subject to a variety of operational risks. 
 
 In addition to the other risks discussed in this section, we are subject to operational risk, which represents the risk of loss resulting from human error, inadequate or failed internal processes, internal controls, systems, and external events. Operational risk includes the risk of fraud by employees or others outside of Key, clerical and record-keeping errors, nonperformance by vendors, threats from cyber activity, and computer/telecommunications malfunctions. Fraudulent activity has escalated, become more sophisticated, and is ever evolving as there are more options to access financial services. Operational risk also encompasses compliance and legal risk, which is the risk of loss from violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules, regulations, prescribed practices, or ethical standards, as well as the risk of our noncompliance with contractual and other obligations. We are also exposed to operational risk through our outsourcing arrangements, and the effect that changes in circumstances or capabilities of our outsourcing vendors can have on our ability to continue to perform operational functions necessary to our business, such as certain loan processing functions. For example, breakdowns or failures of our vendors systems or employees could be a source of operational risk to us. Resulting losses from operational risk could take the form of explicit charges, increased operational costs (including remediation costs), harm to our reputation, inability to secure insurance, litigation, regulatory intervention or sanctions, or foregone business opportunities. 
 
 We rely on our employees to design, manage, and operate our systems and controls to assure that we properly enter into, record and manage processes, transactions and other relationships with customers, suppliers and other parties with whom we do business. We also depend on employees and the systems and controls for which they are responsible to assure that we identify and mitigate the risks that are inherent in our relationships and activities. These concerns are increased when we change processes or procedures, introduce new products or services, or implement new technologies, as we may fail to adequately identify or manage operational risks resulting from such changes. These concerns may be further exacerbated by employee turnover or labor shortages. As a result of our necessary reliance on employees to perform these tasks and manage resulting risks, we are thus subject to human vulnerabilities. These range from innocent human error to misconduct or malfeasance, potentially leading to operational breakdowns or other failures. Our controls may not be adequate to prevent problems resulting from human involvement in our business, including risks associated with the design, operation and monitoring of automated systems. We may also fail to adequately develop a culture of risk management among our employees. 
 
 We and third parties on which we rely (including their downstream service providers) may experience a cyberattack, technology failure, information system or security breach or interruption. 
 
 We rely heavily on communications, information systems (both internal and provided by third parties), and the internet to conduct our business. Our business is dependent on our ability to process and monitor large numbers of daily transactions in compliance with legal, regulatory, and internal standards and specifications. In addition, a significant portion of our operations relies heavily on the secure processing, storage, and transmission of personal and confidential information, such as the personal information of our customers and clients. These risks may increase in the future as we continue to increase mobile payments and other internet-based product offerings, expand our internal usage of web/cloud-based products and applications, and maintain and develop new relationships with third party providers, including their downstream service providers. In addition, our ability to extend protections to customers information to individual customer devices is limited, especially if the customers willingly provide third parties access to their devices or information. 
 
 In the event of a failure, interruption, or breach of our information systems or that of a third party that provides services to us or our customers, we may be unable to avoid impact to our customers. Such a failure, interruption, or breach could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action, or reputational harm. U.S. financial service 
 32 

Table of contents 

 institutions and companies have reported breaches in the security of their websites or other systems and several financial institutions, including Key, have had third parties on which they rely experience such breaches. In addition, several financial institutions, including Key, have experienced significant distributed denial-of-service attacks, some of which involved sophisticated and targeted attacks intended to disrupt, disable, or degrade services, or sabotage systems or data. Other attacks have attempted to obtain unauthorized access to confidential, proprietary, or personal information or intellectual property, to extort money through the use of ransomware or other extortion tactics, or to alter or destroy data or systems, often through various attack vectors and methods, including the introduction of computer viruses or malicious code (commonly referred to as malware ), phishing, cyberattacks, account takeovers, credential stuffing, and other means. To the extent that we use third parties to provide services to our clients, we cannot control all of the risks at these third parties or third parties downstream service providers. Hardware, software, or applications developed by Key or received from third parties may contain exploitable vulnerabilities, bugs, or defects in design, maintenance or manufacture or other issues that could unpredictably compromise information and cybersecurity. Should an adverse event affecting another company s systems occur, we may not have indemnification or other protection from the other company sufficient to fully compensate us or otherwise protect us or our clients from the consequences. To date, our losses and costs related to these breaches have not been material, but other similar events in the future could have a significant impact on us. 
 
 In addition, our customers routinely use Key-issued credit and debit cards to pay for transactions conducted with businesses in person and over the internet. If the business s systems that process or store debit or credit card information experience a security breach, our card holders may experience fraud on their card accounts. We may suffer losses associated with such fraudulent transactions, as well as for other costs, such as replacing impacted cards. Key also provides card transaction processing services to some merchant customers under agreements we have with payment networks such as Mastercard. Under these agreements, we may be responsible for certain losses and penalties if one of our merchant customers suffers a data breach. 
 
 We also face risks related to the increasing interdependence and interconnectivity of financial entities and technology systems. A technology failure, cyberattack or other security breach that significantly compromises the systems of one or more financial parties or service providers in the financial system could have a material impact on counterparties or market participants, including us. Any third-party technology failure, cyberattack, or security breach could adversely affect our ability to effect transactions, service clients, or otherwise operate our business and could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action, or reputational harm. Additionally, the increasing use of third-party financial data aggregators and emerging technologies, including the use of automation, artificial intelligence and robotics, introduces new information security risks and exposure. 
 
 Such security attacks can originate from a wide variety of sources/malicious actors, including, but not limited to, persons who constitute an insider threat, who are involved with organized crime, or who may be linked to terrorist organizations or hostile foreign governments. Those same parties may also attempt to fraudulently induce employees, customers, or other users of our systems to disclose sensitive information in order to gain access to our data or that of our customers or clients through social engineering, phishing, mobile phone malware and SIM card swapping, and other methods. Our security systems, and those of the third-party service providers on which we rely, may not be able to protect our information systems or data from similar attacks due to the rapid evolution and creation of sophisticated cyberattacks. We are also subject to the risk that a malicious actor or our employees may intercept and/or transmit or otherwise misuse unauthorized personal, confidential, or proprietary information or intellectual property. An interception, misuse, or mishandling of personal, confidential, or proprietary information or intellectual property being sent to or received from a customer or third party could result in legal liability, remediation costs, regulatory action, and reputational harm. Over the last few years, several large companies have disclosed that they or their service providers suffered substantial data security breaches, compromising millions of user accounts and credentials. 
 
 The risk of cyberattacks has also increased and will continue to increase in connection with Russia s invasion of Ukraine. In light of the Ukraine war and other geopolitical events and dynamics, including ongoing tensions with North Korea, Iran and other countries, state-sponsored parties or their supporters may launch retaliatory cyberattacks, and may attempt to cause supply chain disruptions, or carry out other geopolitically motivated retaliatory actions that may adversely disrupt or degrade our operations and may result in data compromise. State-sponsored parties have, and will continue, to conduct cyberattacks to achieve their goals that may include espionage, monetary gain, disruption, and destruction. To accomplish their goals, state-sponsored parties and other cyber criminals have used, and may continue to use, various attack vectors and methods as discussed above. 
 
 33 

Table of contents 

 We have incurred and will continue to incur significant expense in an effort to improve the reliability and resilience of our systems and their security against external and internal threats. Nonetheless, there remains the risk that one or more adverse events might occur. If one does occur, we might not be able to remediate the event or its consequences timely or adequately. While we do maintain cyber information security and business interruption insurance, losses from a major interruption may exceed our coverage and there can be no assurance that liabilities or losses we may incur will be covered under such policies. 
 
 We rely on third parties to perform significant operational services for us. 
 
 Third parties perform significant operational services on our behalf. Additionally, some of our third parties outsource aspects of their operations to downstream service providers. These parties are subject to similar risks as Key relating to cybersecurity and breakdowns or failures of their own systems, internal processes and controls, or employees. One or more of these third parties or their downstream service providers may experience a cybersecurity event or operational disruption and, if any such event does occur, it may not be adequately addressed, either operationally or financially, by such third party. Certain of these third parties may have limited indemnification obligations or may not have the financial capacity to satisfy their indemnification obligations. Financial or operational difficulties of a third party could also impair our operations if those difficulties interfere with such third party s ability to serve us. For example, we previously announced that we plan to operate our primary platforms and applications on Google Cloud infrastructure. If this planned transition is delayed or impacts the reliability and availability of our services, we may not realize our financial and strategic objectives. In addition, any unanticipated interruption, delay, or degradation in the performance and delivery of our services could negatively impact our customer relationships. Additionally, some of our outsourcing arrangements are located overseas and, therefore, are subject to risks unique to the regions in which they operate. If a critical third party is unable to meet our needs in a timely manner or if the services or products provided by such third party are terminated or otherwise delayed and if we are not able to identify or develop alternative sources for these services and products quickly and cost-effectively, it could have a material adverse effect on our business. Additionally, regulatory guidance adopted by federal banking regulators related to how banks select, engage, and manage their third parties affects the circumstances and conditions under which we work with third parties and the cost of managing such relationships. 
 
 We are subject to claims and litigation, which could result in significant financial liability and/or reputational risk. 
 
 From time to time, customers, vendors, or other parties may make claims and take legal action against us. We maintain reserves for certain claims when deemed appropriate based upon our assessment that a loss is probable, estimable, and consistent with applicable accounting guidance. At any given time, we have a variety of legal actions asserted against us in various stages of litigation. Resolution of a legal action can often take years. Whether any particular claims and legal actions are founded or unfounded, if such claims and legal actions are not resolved in our favor, they may result in significant financial liability and adversely affect how the market perceives us and our products and services as well as impact customer demand for those products and services. 
 
 We are also involved, from time to time, in other information-gathering requests, reviews, investigations, and proceedings (both formal and informal) by governmental and self-regulatory agencies regarding our business, including, among other things, accounting, compliance, and operational matters, certain of which may result in adverse judgments, settlements, fines, penalties, injunctions, or other relief which, if significant, could adversely affect our business, results of operations and/or financial condition. In recent years, there has been an increase in the number of investigations and proceedings in the financial services industry. A violation of law or regulation by another financial institution may give rise to an inquiry or investigation by regulators or other authorities of the same or similar practices by Key. The outcome of regulatory matters as well as the timing of ultimate resolution are inherently difficult to predict. 
 
 Our controls and procedures may fail or be circumvented, and our methods of reducing risk exposure may not be effective. 
 
 We regularly review and update our internal controls, disclosure controls and procedures, and corporate governance policies and procedures. We also maintain an ERM program designed to identify, measure, monitor, report, and analyze our risks. Additionally, our internal audit function provides an independent assessment and testing of Key s internal controls, policies, and procedures. Any system of controls and any system to reduce risk exposure, however well designed, operated, and tested, is based in part on certain assumptions and can provide only reasonable, not absolute, assurances that the objectives of the system are met. The systems may not work as 
 34 

Table of contents 

 intended or be circumvented by employees, third parties, or others outside of Key. Additionally, instruments, systems, and strategies used to hedge or otherwise manage exposure to various types of market compliance, credit, liquidity, operational, and business risks and enterprise-wide risk could be less effective than anticipated. As a result, we may not be able to effectively or fully mitigate our risk exposures in particular market environments or against particular types of risk. 
 
 Our operations and financial performance could be adversely affected by severe weather and natural disasters exacerbated by climate change. 
 
 Natural disasters could have a material adverse effect on our financial position and results of operations, and the timing and effects of any natural disaster cannot accurately be predicted. The frequency and severity of some types of natural disasters, including wildfires, tornadoes, severe storms, and hurricanes, have increased as a result of climate change, which further reduces our ability to predict their effects accurately. These and other natural disasters could affect Key directly (for example, by interrupting our systems, damaging our facilities or otherwise preventing us from conducting our business in the ordinary course) or indirectly (for example, by damaging or destroying customer businesses or otherwise impairing customers ability to repay their loans, or by damaging or destroying property pledged as collateral for loans made by Key). 
 
 Societal responses to climate change could adversely affect Key s business and performance, including indirectly through impacts on Key s customers. 
 
 Concerns over the long-term impacts of climate change have led and may continue to lead to governmental efforts around the world to mitigate those impacts. New and/or more stringent regulatory requirements could materially affect our results by requiring us to take costly measures to comply with any new laws or regulations related to climate change that may be forthcoming. Consumers and businesses also may change their own behavior as a result of these concerns. Key and its customers will need to respond to new laws and regulations, as well as consumer and business preferences resulting from climate change concerns. Key and its customers may face cost increases, asset value reductions, operating process changes, and the like. The impact on Key s customers will likely vary depending on their specific attributes, including reliance on or role in carbon intensive activities. Changes to regulations or market shifts to low-carbon products could impact the credit worthiness or the value of assets securing loans of some of our customers, which may require us to adjust our lending portfolios and business strategies. Key s efforts to take these risks into account in making lending and other decisions, including by increasing business relationships with climate-friendly companies, may not be effective in protecting Key from the negative impact of new laws and regulations or changes in consumer or business behavior. 
 
 The increased use of remote work infrastructure has expanded potential attack vectors and resulted in increased operational risks. 
 
 The increase in remote work has resulted in an expanded potential attack surface and heightened operational risks and may negatively impact our ability, and the ability of our third-party service providers (including their downstream service providers), to perform services efficiently, securely, and without interruptions. A large percentage of our workforce works remotely, and our third-party service providers (including their downstream service providers) may utilize personnel who work remotely. Increased levels of remote access create additional cybersecurity risk and opportunities for cybercriminals to exploit vulnerabilities. For example, cybercriminals have increased their attempts to compromise business emails, including an increase of phishing attempts. These fraudulent activities have resulted in increased fraud losses to us and the financial services industry. In addition to enhanced cybersecurity risk, employees and other personnel performing services for us who work remotely may experience disruptions to their home internet or phone connections, decreased efficiency due to delayed network speeds or other interruptions, and/or delays in the dissemination and exchange of information, any of which could negatively impact our operations. We have experienced, and may continue to experience, disruption related to remote work, which disruptions could adversely impact our business, and could result in legal liability, regulatory penalties, litigation expenses, remediation costs, or reputational harm. 
 35 

Table of contents 

IV. Liquidity Risk 
 
 Capital and liquidity requirements imposed by banking regulations require banks and BHCs to maintain more and higher quality capital and more and higher quality liquid assets. 
 
 Evolving capital standards resulting from the Dodd-Frank Act and the Regulatory Capital Rules adopted by our regulators have had and will continue to have a significant impact on banks and BHCs, including Key. For a detailed explanation of the capital and liquidity rules that became effective for us on a phased-in basis on January 1, 2015, see the section titled Regulatory capital requirements under the heading Supervision and Regulation in Item 1 of this report. 
 
 The Federal Reserve s capital standards require Key to maintain more and higher quality capital and could limit our business activities (including lending) and our ability to expand organically or through acquisitions. They could also result in our taking steps to increase our capital that may be dilutive to shareholders or limit our ability to pay dividends or otherwise return capital to shareholders. 
 
 In addition, the liquidity standards require us to hold high-quality liquid assets, may require us to change our future mix of investment alternatives, and may impact future business relationships with certain customers. Additionally, support of liquidity standards may be satisfied through the use of term wholesale borrowings, which tend to have a higher cost than that of traditional core deposits. 
 
 Further, the Federal Reserve has detailed the processes that BHCs should maintain to ensure they hold adequate capital under severely adverse conditions and have ready access to funding before engaging in any capital activities. These processes, the severity and other characteristics of which may evolve from year-to-year, are used by the Federal Reserve to, among other things, evaluate our management of capital and the adequacy of our regulatory capital and to determine the stress capital buffer that we must maintain above our minimum regulatory capital requirements. The results of these processes are difficult to predict due, among other things, to the Federal Reserve s use of proprietary stress models that differ from our internal models and may result in the Federal Reserve imposing capital requirements in excess of our expectations which could require us, as applicable, to revise our stress-testing or capital management approaches, resubmit our capital plan or postpone, cancel, or alter or planned capital actions. The results may also lead to limits on Key s ability to make distributions, including paying out dividends or buying back shares. For more information, see the section titled Regulatory capital requirements under the heading Supervision and Regulation in Item 1 of this report. 
 
 In addition, certain regulatory rule changes related to tailoring outlined in EGRRCPA have been finalized. While marginal relief from certain capital and liquidity standards has been afforded to Key (such as relief from LCR disclosure requirements), overall capital and liquidity management practices and expectations will remain unchanged for the foreseeable future. Moreover, Key has not experienced significant changes to its overall liquidity and capital levels or composition as a result of the final rules. 
 
 Federal agencies actions to ensure stability of the U.S. financial system may have disruptive effects on us. 
 
 The federal government, in recent years, has taken unprecedented steps to provide stability to and confidence in the financial markets. For example, the Federal Reserve initiated a round of emergency interest rate cuts designed to mitigate some of the economic effects resulting from the pandemic. The discontinuation and, in some cases, reversal of such initiatives have since impacted financial markets and our business. These effects include increased market and interest rate volatility, higher debt yields, an inverted slope to the yield curve, and unanticipated changes to quality spread premiums that may not follow historical relationships or patterns. Additionally, new initiatives or legislation may not be implemented, or, if implemented, may not be adequate to counter any negative effects of discontinuing programs or, in the event of an economic downturn, to support and stabilize the economy. 
 
 As market conditions evolve and respond to the influence of these government agency initiatives, or lack thereof, the slope of the yield curve will shift and influence our loan and deposit rates and value of investments. The actions of federal agencies are not fully predictable which contributes to market volatility and changes to the slope of the yield curve. 

36 

Table of contents 

 We rely on dividends by our subsidiaries for most of our funds. 
 
 We are a legal entity separate and distinct from our subsidiaries. With the exception of cash that we may raise from debt and equity issuances, we receive substantially all of our funding from dividends by our subsidiaries. Dividends by our subsidiaries are the principal source of funds for the dividends we pay on our common and preferred stock and interest and principal payments on our debt. Federal banking law and regulations limit the amount of dividends that KeyBank (KeyCorp s largest subsidiary) can pay. For further information on the regulatory restrictions on the payment of dividends by KeyBank, see Supervision and Regulation in Item 1 of this report. 
 
 In the event KeyBank is unable to pay dividends to us, we may not be able to service debt, pay obligations, or pay dividends on our common or preferred stock. Such a situation could result in Key losing access to alternative wholesale funding sources. In addition, our right to participate in a distribution of assets upon a subsidiary s liquidation or reorganization is subject to the prior claims of the subsidiary s creditors. 
 
 We are subject to liquidity risk, which could negatively affect our funding levels. 
 
 Market conditions or other events could negatively affect our access to or the cost of funding, affecting our ongoing ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, or fund asset growth and new business initiatives at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner and without adverse consequences. 
 Although we maintain a liquid asset portfolio and have implemented strategies to maintain sufficient and diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned as well as unanticipated changes in assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet commitments under various economic conditions (including a reduced level of wholesale funding sources), a substantial, unexpected, or prolonged change in the level or cost of liquidity could have a material adverse effect on us. If the cost effectiveness or the availability of supply in these credit markets is reduced for a prolonged period of time, our funding needs may require us to access funding and manage liquidity by other means. These alternatives may include generating client deposits, securitizing or selling loans, extending the maturity of wholesale borrowings, borrowing under certain secured borrowing arrangements, using relationships developed with a variety of fixed income investors, and further managing loan growth and investment opportunities. These alternative means of funding may result in an increase to the overall cost of funds and may not be available under stressed conditions, which would cause us to liquidate a portion of our liquid asset portfolio to meet any funding needs. 
 
 Our credit ratings affect our liquidity position. 
 
 The rating agencies regularly evaluate the securities issued by KeyCorp and KeyBank. The ratings of our long-term debt and other securities are based on a number of factors, including our financial strength, ability to generate earnings, and other factors. Some of these factors are not entirely within our control, such as conditions affecting the financial services industry and the economy and changes in rating methodologies. Changes in any of these factors could impact our ability to maintain our current credit ratings. A rating downgrade of the securities of KeyCorp or KeyBank could adversely affect our access to liquidity and could significantly increase our cost of funds, trigger additional collateral or funding requirements, and decrease the number of investors and counterparties willing to lend to us, reducing our ability to generate income. 
 
 Any failure by the U.S. federal government to increase the debt ceiling or any government shutdown could adversely affect the U.S. and global economy and our liquidity, financial condition and earnings. 
 
 U.S. debt ceiling and budget deficit concerns have increased the possibility of credit-rating downgrades and economic slowdowns, or a recession in the United States or globally. The U.S. federal government hit its borrowing limit, or debt ceiling, on January 19, 2023. If the government fails to increase the debt limit, the U.S. government s sovereign credit rating may be downgraded and the U.S. government could default on its debts, which could adversely affect the U.S. and global financial markets, banking systems, and economic conditions. Absent intervention by the Federal Reserve, these developments could cause interest rates and borrowing costs to further increase, which may negatively impact our ability to access the debt markets, including the corporate bond markets, on favorable terms. In addition, disagreement over the federal budget has previously caused the U.S. federal government to shut down for periods of time. An extended period of shutdown of portions of the U.S. federal government could negatively impact the financial performance of certain customers and could negatively impact customers future access to certain loan and guaranty programs. Continued adverse political and economic conditions could have a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition and results of operations. 

37 

Table of contents 

 V. Market Risk 
 
 A worsening of the U.S. economy and volatile or recessionary conditions in the U.S. or abroad could negatively affect our business or our access to capital markets. 
 
 A worsening of economic and market conditions or downside shocks could result in adverse effects on Key and others in the financial services industry. Recent and persistent interest rate increases and a slowing economy have presented a challenge for the industry, including Key, and affects business and financial performance. 
 
 In particular, we face the following risks, and other unforeseeable risks, in connection with a downturn in the economic and market environment or in the face of downside shocks or a recession, whether in the United States or internationally: 
 
 A loss of confidence in the financial services industry and the debt and equity markets by investors, placing pressure on the price of Key s common shares or decreasing the credit or liquidity available to Key; 
 A decrease in consumer and business confidence levels generally, decreasing credit usage and investment or increasing delinquencies and defaults; 
 A decrease in household or corporate incomes, reducing demand for Key s products and services; 
 A decrease in the value of collateral securing loans to Key s borrowers or a decrease in the quality of Key s loan portfolio, increasing loan charge-offs and reducing Key s net income; 
 A decrease in our ability to liquidate positions at acceptable market prices; 
 An increase in competition or consolidation in the financial services industry; 
 Increased concern over and scrutiny of the capital and liquidity levels of financial institutions generally, and those of our transaction counterparties specifically; 
 A decrease in confidence in the creditworthiness of the United States or other issuers whose securities we hold; and 
 An increase in limitations on or the regulation of financial services companies like Key. 
 
 We are subject to interest rate risk, which could adversely affect net interest income. 
 
 Our earnings are largely dependent upon our net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income earned on interest-earning assets such as loans and securities and interest expense paid on interest-bearing liabilities such as deposits and borrowed funds. Interest rates are highly sensitive to many factors that are beyond our control, including general economic conditions, the competitive environment within our markets, consumer preferences for specific loan and deposit products, and policies of various governmental and regulatory agencies, in particular, the Federal Reserve. Changes in monetary policy, including changes in interest rate controls being applied by the Federal Reserve, could influence the amount of interest we receive on loans and securities, the amount of interest we pay on deposits and borrowings, our ability to originate loans and obtain deposits, and the fair value of our financial assets and liabilities. When the Federal Reserve raises interest rates, the behavior of national money market rate indices, the correlation of consumer deposit rates to financial market interest rates, and the setting of benchmark rates may not follow historical relationships, which could influence net interest income and net interest margin. 
 
 Moreover, if the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings increases at a faster rate than the interest we receive on loans and other investments, net interest income, and therefore our earnings, would be adversely affected. Conversely, earnings could also be adversely affected if the interest we receive on loans and other investments falls more quickly than the interest we pay on deposits and other borrowings. 
 
 Uncertainty surrounding the transition from LIBOR to an alternate reference rate may adversely affect our business. 
 
 On July 27, 2017, the Chief Executive of the United Kingdom Financial Conduct Authority (the Authority ), which regulates LIBOR, announced that the Authority intends to stop persuading or compelling banks to submit rates for the calculation of LIBOR to the administrator of LIBOR after 2021. On March 5, 2021, ICE Benchmark Administration IBA ), the Authority-regulated and authorized administrator of LIBOR, confirmed, following a consultation process occurring during the end of 2020 and beginning of 2021, its intention to cease one-week and two-month USD LIBOR settings at December 31, 2021, and cease the USD LIBOR panel at June 30, 2023, effectively ceasing all other USD LIBOR tenors. On December 31, 2021, as expected, IBA ceased to publish one- 
 38 

Table of contents 

 week and two-month ISD LIBOR. We anticipate that IBA will cease publishing LIBOR as we know it on June 30, 2023. 
 
 Key s transition away from the use of LIBOR to alternative rates continues. With respect to new originations, regulators issued guidance indicating that new LIBOR originations should not extend beyond December 31, 2021. In the United States, the ARRC and the Federal Reserve Bank of New York started in May 2018 to publish the SOFR as an alternative to U.S. dollar LIBOR. SOFR is a broad measure of the cost of borrowing cash overnight that is collateralized by U.S. treasury securities. SOFR-based rates are currently used in new loans made by KeyCorp. The uncertainty regarding the transition from LIBOR to another benchmark rate or rates, including SOFR-based rates, could have adverse impacts on floating-rate obligations, loans, deposits, derivatives, and other financial instruments that currently use LIBOR as a benchmark rate and, ultimately, adversely affect KeyCorp s financial condition and results of operations. The adverse impact could take various forms and is dependent upon certain factors outside of our control such as: timing of adoption by market forces of a new widely accepted LIBOR replacement, timing of LIBOR cessation, counterparty acceptance of a new reference rate for both new and existing contracts, and competition presented by non-regulated entities, among others. Additionally, since LIBOR and any replacement reference rate may have significantly different attributes, it is difficult to predict the amount of increased costs associated with implementing the transition to a new reference rate, including costs relative to product changes, systems changes, compliance and operational oversight costs, and legal expenses, among others. While the LIBOR Act will assist in the transition of certain LIBOR contracts to SOFR-based benchmark replacements, there are many LIBOR contracts, including commercial loans, that will not be subject to the core transition mechanisms and safe harbor provided by the LIBOR Act. Absent amendments, such LIBOR contracts could create uncertainties and risks. Also as of December 31, 2022, the Authority has an open consultation as to whether nonrepresentative synthetic USD LIBOR should be published for the one, three, and six-month tenors of USD LIBOR for a finite period of time. This too could create uncertainty regarding how certain LIBOR contracts transition once LIBOR in its current form ceases to be published. 
 
 Our profitability depends upon economic conditions in the geographic regions where we have significant operations and in certain market segments in which we conduct significant business. 
 
 We have concentrations of loans and other business activities in geographic regions where our bank branches are located Washington; Oregon/Alaska; Rocky Mountains; Indiana/Northwest Ohio/Michigan; Central/Southwest Ohio; East Ohio/Western Pennsylvania; Atlantic; Western New York; Eastern New York; and New England and additional exposure to geographic regions outside of our branch footprint. Economic growth in the various regions where we operate has been uneven, and the health of the overall U.S. economy may differ from the economy of any particular geographic region. Adverse conditions in a geographic region such as inflation, unemployment, recession, natural disasters, impact of the COVID-19 pandemic, or other factors beyond our control could impact the ability of borrowers in these regions to repay their loans, decrease the value of collateral securing loans made in these regions, or affect the ability of our customers in these regions to continue conducting business with us. 
 
 Additionally, a significant portion of our business activities are concentrated within the commercial real estate, healthcare, finance, and utilities market segments. The profitability of some of these market segments depends upon the health of the overall economy, seasonality, the impact of regulation, and other factors that are beyond our control and may be beyond the control of our customers in these market segments. 
 
 An economic downturn or recession in one or more geographic regions where we conduct our business, or any significant or prolonged impact on the profitability of one or more of the market segments with which we conduct significant business activity, could adversely affect the demand for our products and services, the ability of our customers to repay loans, the value of the collateral securing loans, and the stability of our deposit funding sources. 
 39 

Table of contents 

 The soundness of other financial institutions could adversely affect us. 
 
 Our ability to engage in routine funding transactions could be adversely affected by the actions and commercial soundness of other financial institutions. We have exposure to many different industries and counterparties in the financial services industries, and we routinely execute transactions with such counterparties, including brokers and dealers, commercial banks, investment banks, mutual and hedge funds, insurance companies, and other institutional clients. Financial services institutions are interrelated as a result of trading, clearing, counterparty, or other relationships. Defaults by one or more financial services institutions have led to, and may cause, market-wide liquidity problems and losses. Many of our transactions with other financial institutions expose us to credit risk in the event of default of a counterparty or client. In addition, our credit risk may be affected when the collateral held by us cannot be realized or is liquidated at prices not sufficient to recover the full amount of our loan or derivatives exposure. 
 
 Less regulated and poorly capitalized non-bank financial institutions may be particularly vulnerable to asset quality deterioration as their borrower s ability to service their obligations declines amid the pandemic. This could put additional stress on traditional lenders. 
 
 VI. Reputation Risk 
 
 Damage to our reputation could significantly impact our business and major stakeholders. 
 
 Our ability to attract and retain customers, clients, investors, and highly skilled management and employees is affected by our reputation. Damage to our reputation could also adversely impact our credit ratings and access to capital markets. 
 
 Significant harm to our reputation can arise from various sources, including inappropriate behavior or misconduct of employees, actual or perceived unethical behavior, litigation or regulatory outcomes, inadequate or ineffective risk management practices, failing to deliver minimum or required standards of service and quality, corporate governance and regulatory compliance failures, disclosure of confidential information, significant or numerous failures, interruptions or breaches of our information systems, failure to meet external commitments and goals, including financial and ESG-related commitments, and the activities of our clients, customers and counterparties, including vendors. Actions by the financial services industry generally or by certain members or individuals in the industry as well as legislative or regulatory actions that target or negatively impact the industry may also have a significant adverse effect on our reputation. 
 
 Negative coverage about Key published in traditional media or on social media websites, whether or not factually correct, may affect our reputation and our business prospects and impact our ability to attract and retain highly skilled employees. Social media facilitates the rapid dissemination of information or misinformation, thereby increasing the potential for rapid and widespread dissemination of inaccurate, false, misleading, or other negative information that could damage our reputation. Negative public opinion can also adversely affect our ability to attract and maintain customer relationships and could subject us to litigation and regulatory action. 
 
 We are also subject to the risk that disruptions to how our customers access our banking services, such as disruptions to our technology platforms (e.g., online banking websites or mobile applications) or other impacts to our branches, could harm our reputation with customers. In particular, a cyber security event impacting Key or our customers data could negatively impact our reputation and customer confidence in Key and our data security procedures. 
 
 We could also suffer significant reputational harm if we fail to properly identify and manage potential conflicts of interest. Management of potential conflicts of interests is complex as we expand our business activities through more numerous transactions, obligations, and interests with and among our clients. The actual or perceived failure to adequately address conflicts of interest could affect the willingness of clients to deal with us, which could adversely affect our businesses, and could give rise to litigation or enforcement actions. 
 
 Financial services companies, including Key, face increasing criticism from social and environmental activists who target companies, including Key, for engaging in business with clients engaged in industries such activists perceive to be harmful to communities or the environment. Such criticism directed at Key could generate dissatisfaction among our stakeholders. Additionally, however we respond to such criticism, we face the risk that current or potential clients may decline to do business with us or current or potential employees refuse to work with us. This 
 40 

Table of contents 

 can be true regardless of whether we are perceived by some as not having done enough to address activist concerns or by others as having inappropriately yielded to activist pressures. 
 
 We may also face criticism or a loss of confidence, with accompanying reputational risk, from our perceived action or inaction to deliver on our ESG-related commitments. Investors and other stakeholders, including U.S. institutional investors, are increasingly considering how corporations are incorporating ESG matters, including climate change, into their business strategy when analyzing the expected risk and return of potential investments. The specific ESG factors considered, as well as the approach to incorporating the factors into a broader investment process, vary by investor and can shift over time. These shifts in investing priorities may result in adverse effects on the trading price of KeyCorp s common stock if investors determine that Key has not made sufficient progress on ESG matters or is not aligned with the investors ESG-related priorities. 
 
 VII. Strategic Risk 
 
 We may not realize the expected benefits of our strategic initiatives. 
 
 Our ability to compete depends on a number of factors, including, among others, our ability to develop and successfully execute our strategic plans and initiatives. Our strategic priorities include growing profitably and maintaining financial strength; effectively managing risk and reward; engaging a high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce; investing in digitalization to drive growth and simplification; embracing the changes required by our clients and the marketplace; and acquiring, expanding, and retaining targeted client relationships. The success of these initiatives can be subject to changes in the macroeconomic environment which is beyond our control. In addition, our inability to execute on or achieve the anticipated outcomes of our strategic priorities, or to do so in the expected timeframe, may affect how the market perceives us and could impede our growth and profitability. 
 
 We operate in a highly competitive industry. 
 
 We face substantial competition in all areas of our operations from a variety of competitors, some of which are larger and may have more financial resources than us. Our competitors primarily include national and super-regional banks as well as smaller community banks within the various geographic regions in which we operate. We also face competition from many other types of financial institutions, including, without limitation, savings associations, credit unions, mortgage banking companies, finance companies, mutual funds, insurance companies, investment management firms, investment banking firms, broker-dealers and other local, regional, national, and global financial services firms. In addition, technology has lowered barriers to entry and made it possible for nonbanks, including large technology companies, to offer products and services traditionally provided by banks. We expect the competitive landscape of the financial services industry to become even more intense as a result of legislative, regulatory, structural, customer preference, and technological changes. 
 
 Our ability to compete successfully depends on a number of factors, including: our ability to develop and execute strategic plans and initiatives; our ability to develop, maintain, and build long-term customer relationships based on quality service and competitive prices; our ability to develop competitive products and technologies demanded by our customers, while maintaining our high ethical standards and an effective compliance program and keeping our assets safe and sound; our ability to attract, retain, and develop a highly competent employee workforce; and industry and general economic trends. Increased competition in the financial services industry, or our failure to perform in any of these areas, could significantly weaken our competitive position, which could adversely affect our growth and profitability. 
 
 Strategic risk may also be realized due to events or issues that materialize in other risk factor areas. For example, significant deficiencies in end-to-end operational execution and/or product delivery or failure to comply with applicable laws and regulations may result in unmet client expectations or harm and impact our competitive standing in the industry. 
 
 Maintaining or increasing our market share depends upon our ability to adapt our products and services to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences, while maintaining competitive prices. 
 
 The continuous, widespread adoption of new technologies requires us to evaluate our product and service offerings to ensure they remain competitive. Our success depends, in part, on our ability to adapt our products and services, as well as our distribution of them, to evolving industry standards and consumer preferences. New technologies have altered consumer behavior by allowing consumers to complete transactions such as paying bills or transferring 
 41 

Table of contents 

 funds directly without the assistance of banks. New products allow consumers to maintain funds in brokerage accounts or mutual funds that would have historically been held as bank deposits. The process of eliminating banks as intermediaries, known as disintermediation, could result in the loss of fee income, as well as the loss of customer loans and deposits and related income generated from those products. 
 
 The increasing pressure from our competitors, both bank and nonbank, to keep pace and adopt new technologies and products and services requires us to incur substantial expense. We may be unsuccessful in developing or introducing new products and services, modifying our existing products and services, adapting to changing consumer preferences and spending and saving habits, achieving market acceptance or regulatory approval, sufficiently developing or maintaining a loyal customer base, or offering products and services at prices equal to or lower than the prices offered by our competitors. These risks may affect our ability to achieve growth in our market share and could reduce both our revenue streams from certain products and services and our revenues from our net interest income. 
 
 We may not be able to attract and retain skilled people. 
 
 Our success depends on our ability to attract, retain, motivate, and develop a talented and diverse workforce. Competition for talent in our business is strong and requires us to make investments to provide compensation and benefits at market levels. Rising wages, as well as inflation, may cause us to increase these investments. Such investments cause compensation and benefits to represent our greatest expense. 
 
 Additionally, we increasingly compete for talent outside of the core financial services industry. Non-financial institutions may be subject to different pay and hiring expectations than us, which may make it more difficult for us to attract qualified teammates. For example, we are required to deliver a substantial portion of the variable compensation of certain teammates in the form of awards tied to our financial performance. A sustained decline in our share price could impact our ability to retain those individuals. Similarly, our pay practices are subject to scrutiny by our regulators who may identify deficiencies in the structure of, or issue additional guidance on our compensation practices, causing us to make changes that may affect our ability to offer competitive pay to these individuals or that place us at a disadvantage to non-financial service industry competitors. 
 
 Finally, while remote work opportunities allow us to hire outside of our traditional footprint, it also increases competition. These factors individually, or collectively, may constrain our ability to hire or retain a sufficient number of qualified employees, which could impact our ability to serve our customers and clients. 
 
 Acquisitions or strategic partnerships may disrupt our business and dilute shareholder value. 
 
 Acquiring other banks, bank branches, or other businesses involves various risks commonly associated with acquisitions or partnerships, including exposure to unknown or contingent liabilities of the acquired company; diversion of our management s time and attention; significant integration risk with respect to employees, accounting systems, and technology platforms; increased regulatory scrutiny; and the possible loss of key employees and customers of the acquired company. We regularly evaluate merger and acquisition and strategic partnership opportunities and conduct due diligence activities related to possible transactions. As a result, mergers or acquisitions involving cash, debt or equity securities may occur at any time. Acquisitions may involve the payment of a premium over book and market values. Therefore, some dilution of our tangible book value and net income per common share could occur in connection with any future transaction. 
 42 

Table of contents 

 VIII. Model Risk 
 
 We rely on quantitative models to manage certain accounting, risk management, capital planning, and treasury functions. 
 
 We use quantitative models to help provide value input into the management of certain aspects of our business and to assist with certain business decisions, including, but not limited to, estimating CECL, measuring the fair value of financial instruments when reliable market prices are unavailable, estimating the effects of changing interest rates and other market measures on our financial condition and results of operations, managing risk, and for capital planning purposes (including during the capital stress testing process). Models are simplified representations of real-world relationships. Thus, our modeling methodologies rely on many assumptions, historical analyses, correlations, and available data. These assumptions provide only reasonable, not absolute, estimates, particularly in times of market distress when historical correlations on which we rely may no longer be relevant. Additionally, as businesses and markets evolve, our measurements may not accurately reflect this evolution. Models can also produce inadequate estimates due to errors in computer code, use of unsuitable data during development or input into the model during model use, or the use of a model for a purpose outside the scope of the model s design. 
 
 If our models fail to produce reliable results on an ongoing basis, we may not make appropriate risk management, capital planning, or other business or financial decisions. Furthermore, strategies that we employ to manage and govern the risks associated with our use of models may not be effective or fully reliable, and as a result, we may realize losses or other lapses. 
 
 We have an enterprise-wide model risk management program designed to accurately identify, measure, report, monitor, and manage model risk. The management of model risk includes independent validation and model governance, establishing and monitoring model control standards and model risk metrics, and completeness and accuracy of the inventory of models . 
 
 Banking regulators continue to focus on the models used by banks and bank holding companies in their businesses. The failure or inadequacy of a model may result in increased regulatory scrutiny on us or may result in an enforcement action or proceeding against us by one of our regulators. 
 43 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 1B. UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 2. PROPERTIES 
 The headquarters of KeyCorp and KeyBank are located at 127 Public Square, Cleveland, Ohio 44114-1306 in the Key Center. At December 31, 2022, Key leased approximately 418,812 square feet of the complex, encompassing the first floor branch, the 2nd through 9th office floors, the 12th floor, and the 54th through 56th floors of the 57-story Key Center. In addition, Key owned two buildings in Brooklyn, Ohio, with office space that it operated from and totaling 586,616 square feet at December 31, 2022. Our office space is used by all of our segments. As of the same date, KeyBank owned 428 branches and leased 571 branches. The lease terms for applicable branches are not individually material, with terms ranging from month-to-month to 99 years from inception. 
 
 ITEM 3. LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 
 The information presented in the Legal Proceedings section of Note 22 Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Guarantees of the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements is incorporated herein by reference. 
 On at least a quarterly basis, we assess our liabilities and contingencies in connection with outstanding legal proceedings utilizing the latest information available. Where it is probable that we will incur a loss and the amount of the loss can be reasonably estimated, we record a liability in our consolidated financial statements. These legal reserves may be increased or decreased to reflect any relevant developments on a quarterly basis. Where a loss is not probable or the amount of the loss is not estimable, we have not accrued legal reserves, consistent with applicable accounting guidance. Based on information currently available to us, advice of counsel, and available insurance coverage, we believe that our established reserves are adequate and the liabilities arising from the legal proceedings will not have a material adverse effect on our consolidated financial condition. We note, however, that in light of the inherent uncertainty in legal proceedings there can be no assurance that the ultimate resolution will not exceed established reserves. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter or a combination of matters may be material to our results of operations for a particular period, depending upon the size of the loss or our income for that particular period. 
 
 ITEM 4. MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES 
 Not applicable. 
 44 

Table of contents 

 PART II 
 
 ITEM 5. MARKET FOR THE REGISTRANT S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES OF EQUITY SECURITIES 
 The following disclosures included in Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations are incorporated herein by reference: 
 Page(s) Discussion of dividends in the section captioned Capital Dividends 68 Discussion of our common shares, shareholder information, and repurchase activities in the section captioned Capital Common Shares outstanding 68 
 The following graph compares the price performance of our Common Shares (based on an initial investment of 100 on December 31, 2017, and assuming reinvestment of dividends) with that of the S P 500 Index and a group of other banks that constitute our peer group. The peer group consists of the banks that make up the S P 500 Regional Bank Index and the banks that make up the Standard Poor s 500 Diversified Bank Index. We are included in the S P 500 Index and the peer group. Share price performance is not necessarily indicative of future price performance. 

From time to time, KeyCorp or its principal subsidiary, KeyBank, may seek to retire, repurchase, or exchange outstanding debt of KeyCorp or KeyBank, and capital securities or preferred stock of KeyCorp, through cash purchase, privately negotiated transactions, or otherwise. Such transactions, if any, depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity and capital requirements, contractual restrictions, and other factors. The amounts involved may be material. 
 
 As part of our previous 2021 capital plan, which was effective through the third quarter of 2022, the Board had authorized the repurchase of up to 1.5 billion of our Common Shares. In September 2022, the Board approved the extension of the previous authorization through the third quarter of 2023. 
 
 The following table summarizes our repurchases of our Common Shares for the three months ended December 31, 2022. 
 Calendar month Total number of shares 
 repurchased (a) 
 Average price paid per share Total number of shares purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs (a) 
 Dollar value of shares that may yet be purchased as part of publicly announced plans or programs October 1 - 31 745,991,117 November 1 - 30 745,991,117 December 1 - 31 2,401 17.89 2,401 745,948,169 Total 2,401 17.89 2,401 
 (a) Includes Common Shares deemed surrendered by employees in connection with our stock compensation and benefit plans to satisfy tax obligations. 

45 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 6. [RESERVED] 

ITEM 7. MANAGEMENT S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 
 Page Number Introduction 
 47 
 Long-term financial targets 
 48 
 Corporate strategy 
 49 
 Strategic developments 
 49 
 Results of Operations 
 50 
 Earnings overview 
 50 
 Net interest income 
 50 
 Provision for credit losses 
 53 
 Noninterest income 
 53 
 Noninterest expense 
 55 
 Income taxes 
 57 
 Business Segment Results 
 57 
 Consumer Bank 
 57 
 Commercial Bank 
 58 
 Financial Condition 
 60 
 Loans and loans held for sale 
 60 
 Securities 
 66 
 Deposits and other sources of funds 
 69 
 Capital 
 69 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements and Aggregate Contractual Obligations 
 71 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 71 
 Guarantees 
 72 
 Risk Management 
 72 
 Overview 
 72 
 Market risk management 
 74 
 Liquidity risk management 
 80 
 Credit risk management 
 83 
 Operational and compliance risk management 
 87 
 GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations 
 89 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 90 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 90 
 Valuation methodologies 
 91 
 Derivatives and hedging 
 93 
 Contingent liabilities, guarantees and income taxes 
 93 
 Accounting and reporting developments 
 94 

46 

Table of contents 

 Introduction 
 This section reviews the financial condition and results of operations of KeyCorp and its subsidiaries for 2022 and 2021. Some tables may include additional periods to comply with disclosure requirements or to illustrate trends in greater depth. When you read this discussion, you should also refer to the consolidated financial statements and related notes in this report. The page locations of specific sections and notes that we refer to are presented in the Table of Contents. To review our financial condition and results of operations for 2020 and a comparison between the 2020 and 2021 results, see Item 7. Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations of our 202 1 Form 10-K filed with the SEC on February 22, 2022, which discussion is incorporated herein by reference. 
 47 

Table of contents 

Long-term financial targets 
 
 (a) See the section entitled GAAP to non-GAAP Reconciliations, which presents the computations of certain financial measures related to cash efficiency. The section includes tables that reconcile the GAAP performance measures to the corresponding non-GAAP measures, which provides a basis for period-to-period comparisons. 

(a) See the section entitled GAAP to non-GAAP Reconciliations, which presents the computations of certain financial measures related to tangible common equity. The section includes tables that reconcile the GAAP performance measures to the corresponding non-GAAP measures, which provides a basis for period-to-period comparisons. 

Positive Operating Leverage 
 
 Generate positive operating leverage and a cash e fficiency ratio in the range of 54.0 to 56.0 . 
 
 Positive operating leverage was delivered for the 2022 fiscal year, marking the ninth time in the past ten years this was achieved. We expect to again generate positive operating leverage in 2023. 

Moderate Risk Profile 
 
 Maintain a moderate risk profile by targeting a net loan charge-offs to average loans ratio in the range of .40 to .60 throug h a credit cycle. 
 
 Our net charge-offs to average loans ratio remains at a historically low level. We believe our strong risk management practices will allow us to continue supporting our clients, while maintaining our moderate risk profile, and will position Key to perform well through all business cycles. 

Financial Return 
 
 A retur n on average tangible common equity in the range of 16.0 to 19.0 . 
 
 Our full-year dividend for 2022 was .79, reflecting a Board approved increase in the fourth quarter. We remain committed to delivering value to all shareholders. 

48 

Table of contents 

 Corporate strategy 
 
 We remain committed to enhancing long-term shareholder value by continuing to execute our relationship-based business model, growing our franchise, and being disciplined in our capital management. We intend to pursue this commitment by growing profitably; acquiring and expanding targeted client relationships; effectively managing risk and rewards; maintaining financial strength; and engaging, retaining, and inspiring our diverse and high-performing workforce. These strategic priorities for enhancing long-term shareholder value are described in more detail below. 
 
 Grow profitably We intend to continue to focus on generating positive operating leverage by growing revenue and creating a more efficient operating environment. We expect our relationship business model to keep generating organic growth as it helps us expand engagement with existing clients and attract new customers. We plan to leverage our continuous improvement culture to maintain an efficient cost structure that is aligned, sustainable, and consistent with the current operating environment and that supports our relationship business model. 
 Acquire and expand targeted client relationships We seek to be client-centric in our actions and have taken purposeful steps to enhance our ability to acquire and expand targeted relationships. We seek to provide solutions to serve our clients' needs. We focus on markets and clients where we can be the most relevant. In aligning our businesses and investments against these targeted client segments, we are able to make a meaningful impact for our clients. 
 Effectively manage risk and rewards Our risk management activities are focused on ensuring we properly identify, measure, and manage risks across the entire company to maintain safety and soundness and maximize profitability. 
 Maintain financial strength With the foundation of a strong balance sheet, we intend to remain focused on sustaining strong reserves, liquidity, and capital. We plan to work closely with our Board and regulators to manage capital to support our clients needs and drive long-term shareholder value. Our capital remains a competitive advantage for us. 
 Engage a high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce Every day our employees provide our clients with great ideas, extraordinary service, and smart solutions. We intend to continue to engage our high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce to create an environment where they can make a difference, own their careers, be respected, and feel a sense of pride. 

Strategic developments 
 
 We took the following actions during 2022 in support of our corporate strategy: 
 
 We continued the momentum of loan growth across both our consumer and commercial businesses as we continue to add clients and deepen our existing relationships. 
 In the third quarter, we implemented new client-friendly fee terms, eliminating NSF fees and introducing Key Coverage Zone TM for overdraft fees. 
 We continued to expand targeted client relationships in healthcare, growing relationships with nurses and significant healthcare providers, including healthcare systems and facilities. 
 Our strong capital position allows us to continue to execute against each of our capital priorities of organic growth, dividends, and share repurchases. During the fourth quarter, the Board of Directors announced an increase in the quarterly dividend to .205 per common share resulting in a full-year dividend of .79. 
 We continued to grow profitably during 2022. Positive operating leverage was achieved for the year, and we expect to deliver positive operating leverage in 2023. 
 During 2022 we completed the acquisition of GradFin, one of the nation's leading Public Service Loan Forgiveness counseling providers. The acquisition furthers Key's commitment to accelerate growth through targeted investments in digital, niche businesses. 
 Overall, credit quality remains strong as our new loan originations in both our commercial and consumer book continue to meet our criteria for high quality loans as we continue to effectively manage risk and rewards. Our continuous focus on maintaining our risk discipline has and will continue to position us to perform well through all business cycles. 
 Maintaining financial strength while driving long-term shareholder value was again a focus during 2022. At December 31, 2022, our Common Equity Tier 1 and Tier 1 risk-based capital ratios stood at 9.10 and 10.60 , respectively. 
 We remained committed to our strategy to engage a high-performing, talented, and diverse workforce. W e have been recognized by multiple organizations for our dedication to creating an environment where employees 
 49 

Table of contents 

 are treated with respect and empowered to bring their authentic selves to wo rk. Some of these awards and recognitions included the Human Rights Campaign naming us one of the 2022 Best Places to Work for LGBT Equality, Bloomberg listing us on the Gender-Equality Index, G.I. Jobs and Military Spouse Magazine recognizing us as a Military Friendly and Military Friendly Spouse Employer, and receiving the Leading Disability Employer Seal from the National Organization on Disability. We were also named to DiversityInc s 2022 Top 50 Companies for Diversity. 

Results of Operations 

Earnings Overview 
 
 The following chart provides a reconciliation of net income from continuing operations attributable to Key common shareholders for the year ended December 31, 2021, to the year ended December 31, 2022 (dollars in millions): 
 
 (a) Includes Preferred dividends. 
 
 Net interest income 
 One of our principal sources of revenue is net interest income. Net interest income is the difference between interest income received on earning assets (such as loans and securities) and loan-related fee income, and interest expense paid on deposits and borrowings. There are several factors that affect net interest income, including: 
 
 the volume, pricing, mix, and maturity of earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities; 
 the volume and value of net free funds, such as noninterest-bearing deposits and equity capital; 
 the use of derivative instruments to manage interest rate risk; 
 interest rate fluctuations and competitive conditions within the marketplace; 
 asset quality; and 
 fair value accounting of acquired earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. 
 
 To make it easier to compare both the results among several periods and the yields on various types of earning assets (some taxable, some not), we present net interest income in this discussion on a TE basis (i.e., as if all income were taxable and at the same rate). For example, 100 of tax-exempt income would be presented as 126, an amount that, if taxed at the statutory federal income tax rate of 21 , would yield 100. 

50 

Table of contents 

Net interest income (TE) for 2022 was 4.6 billion, and the net interest margin was 2.64 . Compared to 2021, net interest income (TE) increased 456 million and the net interest margin increased by 14 basis points. Net interest income (TE) benefited from higher earning asset balances, higher interest rates, and a favorable balance sheet mix. Net interest income (TE) and the net interest margin were negatively impacted by the sale of the indirect auto loan portfolio in the third quarter of 2021, higher interest-bearing deposit costs, and lower loan fees from PPP. 
 
 Average loans totaled 111.3 billion for 2022, compared to 100.3 billion in 2021. Commercial loans increased 6.5 billion, reflecting core commercial and industrial loan growth and an increase in commercial mortgage real estate loans, which mitigated the impact of a 4.7 billion decline in PPP balances. Consumer loans increased 4.6 billion driven by Key s consumer mortgage business and student loan originations from Laurel Road, partly offset by the sale of the indirect auto loan portfolio in the third quarter of 2021. 
 
 Average deposits totaled 146.9 billion for 2022, an increase of 1.8 billion compared to 2021. The increase reflects growth from consumer and commercial relationships, partially offset by a decline in time deposits and non-operating commercial deposit balances. 
 
 Figure 1 shows the various components of our balance sheet that affect interest income and expense and their respective yields or rates over the past five years. This figure also presents a reconciliation of TE net interest income to net interest income reported in accordance with GAAP for each of those years. The net interest margin, which is an indicator of the profitability of our earning assets less the cost of funding, is calculated by dividing taxable-equivalent net interest income by average earning assets. 
 51 

Table of contents 

 Figure 1. Consolidated Average Balance Sheets, Net Interest Income, and Yields/Rates from Continuing Operations (h) 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 2020 Dollars in millions Average 
 Balance 
 Interest (a) 
 Yield/ 
 Rate (a) 
 Average 
 Balance 
 Interest (a) 
 Yield/ 
 Rate (a) 
 Average Balance 
 Interest (a) 
 Yield/ Rate (a) 
 ASSETS Loans (b), (c) 
 Commercial and industrial (d) 
 54,970 2,148 3.91 50,931 1,795 3.52 55,145 1,977 3.59 Real estate commercial mortgage 15,572 633 4.07 13,118 472 3.60 13,279 521 3.92 Real estate construction 2,229 99 4.44 2,113 77 3.61 1,843 74 3.99 Commercial lease financing 3,869 98 2.54 4,019 114 2.84 4,497 139 3.09 Total commercial loans 76,640 2,978 3.89 70,181 2,458 3.50 74,764 2,711 3.63 Real estate residential mortgage 19,036 559 2.94 12,252 348 2.84 8,094 284 3.50 Home equity loans 8,115 347 4.28 8,967 336 3.74 9,772 392 4.01 Consumer direct loans 6,490 277 4.27 5,105 233 4.56 4,213 221 5.26 Credit cards 959 107 11.23 925 94 10.11 1,001 107 10.65 Consumer indirect loans 62 2,839 90 3.19 4,845 180 3.72 Total consumer loans 34,662 1,290 3.72 30,088 1,101 3.66 27,925 1,184 4.24 Total loans 111,302 4,268 3.84 100,269 3,559 3.55 102,689 3,895 3.79 Loans held for sale 1,278 56 4.41 1,700 50 2.96 1,972 69 3.49 Securities available for sale (b), (e) 
 42,325 752 1.62 35,765 546 1.53 23,742 484 2.10 Held-to-maturity securities (b) 
 7,676 213 2.77 7,035 185 2.63 8,938 222 2.49 Trading account assets 850 31 3.61 820 19 2.35 814 20 2.47 Short-term investments 4,264 97 2.28 17,529 28 .16 9,096 18 .20 Other investments (e) 
 952 22 2.26 621 7 1.14 635 6 .87 Total earning assets 168,647 5,439 3.15 163,739 4,394 2.69 147,886 4,714 3.20 Allowance for loan and lease losses (1,101) (1,340) (1,481) Accrued income and other assets 18,340 16,520 15,650 Discontinued assets 492 632 775 Total assets 186,378 179,551 162,830 LIABILITIES NOW and money market deposit accounts 85,673 234 .27 84,736 41 .05 75,733 206 .27 Savings deposits 7,798 1 .01 6,893 1 .02 5,252 2 .04 Certificates of deposit 100,000 or more) (f) 
 1,455 8 .56 2,135 16 .72 4,520 83 1.83 Other time deposits 2,892 36 1.25 2,540 9 .37 4,041 56 1.38 Total interest-bearing deposits 97,818 279 .29 96,304 67 .07 89,546 347 .39 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements 2,107 41 1.93 239 .02 670 6 .88 Bank notes and other short-term borrowings 2,963 90 3.02 770 8 1.08 1,452 12 .85 Long-term debt (f), (g) 
 14,915 475 3.19 12,391 221 1.79 12,578 286 2.36 Total interest-bearing liabilities 117,803 885 .75 109,704 296 .27 104,246 651 .63 Noninterest-bearing deposits 49,044 48,731 37,740 Accrued expense and other liabilities 4,309 2,819 2,433 Discontinued liabilities (g) 
 492 632 775 Total liabilities 171,648 161,886 145,194 EQUITY Key shareholders equity 14,730 17,665 17,636 Noncontrolling interests Total equity 14,730 17,665 17,636 Total liabilities and equity 186,378 179,551 162,830 Interest rate spread (TE) 2.40 2.42 2.57 Net interest income (TE) and net interest margin (TE) 4,554 2.64 4,098 2.50 4,063 2.77 Less: TE adjustment (b) 
 27 27 29 Net interest income, GAAP basis 4,527 4,071 4,034 
 (a) Results are from continuing operations. Interest excludes the interest associated with the liabilities referred to in (g) below, calculated using a matched funds transfer pricing methodology. 
 (b) Interest income on tax-exempt securities and loans has been adjusted to a TE basis using the statutory federal income tax rate in effect that calendar year. 
 (c) For purposes of these computations, nonaccrual loans are included in average loan balances. 
 (d) Commercial and industrial average loan balances include 157 million, 134 million, and 130 million of assets from commercial credit cards for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 (e) Yield is calculated on the basis of amortized cost. 
 (f) Rate calculation excludes basis adjustments related to fair value hedges. 
 (g) A portion of long-term debt and the related interest expense is allocated to discontinued liabilities as a result of applying our matched funds transfer pricing methodology to discontinued operations. 
 (h) Average balances presented are based on daily average balances over the respective stated period. 

52 

Table of contents 

 Figure 2 shows how the changes in yields or rates and average balances from the prior year affected net interest income. The section entitled Financial Condition contains additional discussion about changes in earning assets and funding sources. 
 Figure 2. Components of Net Interest Income Changes from Continuing Operations 
 2022 vs. 2021 
 Dollars in millions Average 
 Volume 
 Yield/ Rate Net Change (a) 
 INTEREST INCOME Loans 428 281 709 Loans held for sale (14) 20 6 Securities available for sale 109 97 206 Held-to-maturity securities 17 11 28 Trading account assets 1 11 12 Short-term investments (36) 105 69 Other investments 5 10 15 Total interest income (TE) 509 536 1,045 INTEREST EXPENSE NOW and money market deposit accounts 193 193 Savings deposits Certificates of deposit 100,000 or more) (4) (4) (8) Other time deposits 1 26 27 Total interest-bearing deposits (2) 214 212 Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements 41 41 Bank notes and other short-term borrowings 49 33 82 Long-term debt 52 202 254 Total interest expense 99 490 589 Net interest income (TE) 410 46 456 
 (a) The change in interest not due solely to volume or rate has been allocated in proportion to the absolute dollar amounts of the change in each. 
 
 Provision for credit losses 
 
 Our provision for credit losses was a net charge of 502 million for 2022, compared to a 418 million net benefit for 2021. The increase in our provision for credit losses was a result of reserve increases largely driven by changes in the economic outlook and loan growth, offset somewhat by lower net charge-offs. In 2021, our provision for credit losses was a net benefit due to reserve releases as the economic stress and uncertainty in the U.S. and globally caused by COVID-19 eased, along with significantly lower net loan charge-offs and improved asset quality. In 2023 we expect net charge-offs to average loans to be in the range of 25 to 30 bps. 

53 

Table of contents 

 Noninterest income 
 
 Noninterest income for 2022 was 2.7 billion, compared to 3.2 billion during 2021. Noninterest income represented 37 of total revenue for 2022 and 44 of total revenue for 2021. In 2023, we expect noninterest income to be down 1 to 3 compared to 2022. 
 
 The following discussion explains the composition of certain elements of our noninterest income and the factors that caused those elements to change. 
 
 Figure 3. Noninterest Income 
 
 (a) Other noninterest income includes operating lease income and other leasing gains, corporate services income, corporate-owned life insurance income, consumer mortgage income, commercial mortgage servicing fees, and other income. See the "Consolidated Statements of Income" in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. 

54 

Table of contents 

 Trust and investment services income 
 Trust and investment services income consists of brokerage commissions, trust and asset management commissions, and insurance income. The assets under management or administration that primarily generate these revenues are shown in Figure 4. For 2022, trust and investment services income decreased 4 million, or 0.8 . This was primarily due to an increase in commissions based revenue offset by decreases in fees associated with lower assets under management. 
 A significant portion of our trust and investment services income depends on the value and mix of assets under management. At December 31, 2022, our bank, trust, and registered investment advisory subsidiaries had assets under management or administration of 51.3 billion, compared to 55.8 billion at December 31, 2021. The decrease from 2021 to 2022 was primarily attributable to movements in the equity markets. 
 
 Figure 4. Assets Under Administration 
 Year ended December 31, Change 2022 vs. 2021 Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Amount Percent Discretionary assets under management by investment type: Equity 28,313 33,767 (5,454) (16.2) Fixed income 14,432 13,851 581 4.2 Money market 5,238 4,541 697 15.3 Total discretionary assets under management 47,983 52,159 (4,176) (8.0) Non-discretionary assets under administration 3,299 3,647 (348) (9.5) Total 51,282 55,806 (4,524) (8.1) 
 
 Investment banking and debt placement fees 
 
 Investment banking and debt placement fees consist of syndication fees, debt and equity underwriting fees, merger and acquisition and financial advisor fees, gains on sales of commercial mortgages, and agency origination fees. For 2022, investment banking and debt placement fees decreased 299 million, or 31.9 , from the prior year reflecting the slowdown in capital markets activity. 
 
 Service charges on deposit accounts 
 
 Service charges on deposit accounts increased 13 million, or 3.9 , in 2022 compared to the prior year. This increase stemmed from account analysis services and overdraft fees, specifically over the first three quarters of the year. Beginning late in the third quarter, Key implemented new fee terms which eliminated NSF fees and introduced Key Coverage Zone TM for overdraft fees resulting in expected reductions in fees in the fourth quarter. 
 
 Cards and payments income 
 
 Cards and payments income, which consists of debit card, consumer and commercial credit card, and merchant services income, decreased 74 million, or 17.8 , in 2022 compared to 2021. This decrease was primarily due to reduced prepaid card activity as customers rolled off government support programs during the year with a slight offset from an increase in merchant services income. 
 
 Other noninterest income 
 
 Other noninterest income includes operating lease income and other leasing gains, corporate services income, corporate-owned life insurance income, consumer mortgage income, commercial mortgage servicing fees, and other income. Other noninterest income decreased 112 million, or 11.5 , in 2022 compared to 2021, driven by decreases in consumer mortgage income from lower gain on sale margins and lower saleable volume. Decreases also occurred within operating lease income and other leasing gains from declining operating lease balances. These decreases were slightly offset by an increase in corporate services income from higher derivatives income. 
 
 Noninterest expense 
 Noninterest expense for 2022 was 4.4 billion, compared to 4.4 billion for 2021. Figure 5 gives a breakdown of our major categories of noninterest expense as a percentage of total noninterest expense for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022. In 2023, we expect noninterest expense to be relatively stable compared to 2022. 
 55 

Table of contents 

The following discussion explains the composition of certain elements of our noninterest expense and the factors that caused those elements to change. 
 Figure 5. Noninterest Expense 
 
 (a) Other noninterest expense includes equipment, operating lease expense, marketing, intangible asset amortization and other miscellaneous expense. See the "Consolidated Statements of Income" in Part II, Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data of this report. 
 
 Personnel 
 As shown in Figure 6, personnel expense, the largest category of our noninterest expense, increased by 5 million, or 0.2 , in 2022 compared to 2021. Activity for the year was driven by higher salaries from higher merits and contract tech labor, with an offset from decreased incentive compensation costs from lower revenue generation in our variable expense businesses. 
 Figure 6. Personnel Expense 
 Year ended December 31, 
 Dollars in millions 
 Change 2022 vs. 2021 2022 2021 Amount Percent Salaries and contract labor 1,500 1,311 189 14.4 Incentive and stock-based compensation (a) 
 693 861 (168) (19.5) Employee benefits 363 388 (25) (6.4) Severance 10 1 9 N/M Total personnel expense 2,566 2,561 5 0.2 
 N/M - Not meaningful 
 (a) Excludes directors stock-based compensation of 3 million in 2022 and 2 million in 2021, reported as other noninterest expense in Figure 5. 

Non-personnel expense 
 
 In total, other non-personnel expense decreased 24 million, or 1.3 , in 2022 compared to 2021 stemming from declines in business services and professional fees and operating expense, with a slight offset from an increase in computer processing costs. 
 56 

Table of contents 

Income taxes 
 
 We recorded a tax provision from continuing operations of 422 million for 2022, compared to 642 million for 2021. The effective tax rate, which is the provision for income taxes as a percentage of income from continuing operations before income taxes, was 18.1 for 2022 and 19.7 for 2021. In 2023, we expect our GAAP tax rate to be approximately 20 . 
 
 In 2022, our federal tax expense and effective tax rate differ from the amount that would be calculated using the federal statutory tax rate primarily due to investments in tax-advantaged assets, such as corporate-owned life insurance, tax credits associated with energy related projects and low-income housing investments, and periodic adjustments to our tax reserves as described in Note 14 Income Taxes ). 

Business Segment Results 
 
 This section summarizes the financial performance of our two major business segments (operating segments): Consumer Bank and Commercial Bank. Note 25 Business Segment Reporting describes the products and services offered by each of these business segments and provides more detailed financial information pertaining to the segments. Dollars in the charts are presented in millions. 

Consumer Bank 
 
 Segment imperatives 
 
 Simplification and digitalization to drive growth and operating leverage 
 Relationship-based strategy with a focus on financial wellness as a differentiator 
 Omni-channel approach in delivering products and services 
 
 Market and business overview 
 
 As the banking industry moves forward, so do our clients. Anticipating our clients needs not only today, but for tomorrow and into the future, has become one of the biggest challenges for the banking industry. We view these challenges as an opportunity to help our current client base meet their own goals, as well as attract new and diverse clients. In an increasingly digital world focused on specialized convenience, we have made meaningful steps to meet those demands through new digital portals including the rollout of our national digital affinity bank, Laurel Road for Doctors. These platforms place us in a strong position to develop long lasting and meaningful relationships with our current and prospective clients. Financial wellness is a core tenet of our customer relationships and we see it in three different ways: diagnose, enhance, and sustain. Our goal is to get our clients to a place where they can comfortably sustain their current financial position so we can be there for them when they are ready to grow. Clients no longer go to a branch to conduct transactions only, they go to seek advice and gain new perspectives on issues they may be facing. 
 
 Summary of operations 
 
 Net income attributable to Key of 392 million in 2022, compared to 876 million in 2021, a decrease of 55.3 , largely driven by reserve increases 
 Taxable equivalent net interest income increased in 2022 by 60 million, or 2.5 , from the prior year, driven by higher earning assets and interest rates 
 Average loans and leases increased in 2022 by 1.9 billion, or 4.8 , from the prior year, driven by loan growth in consumer mortgage and Laurel Road, partly offset by a decline in home equity loans 
 Average deposits increased in 2022 by 1.7 billion, or 1.9 , from the prior year, driven by higher retail deposits 
 57 

Table of contents 

Provision for credit losses increased 311 million in 2022 compared to the prior year, resulting from reserve increases driven by changes in the economic outlook, loan growth, offset slightly by lower net charge-offs. In 2021, our provision for credit losses was a net benefit of 118 million due to reserve releases as the economic stress and uncertainty in the U.S. and globally caused by COVID-19 eased 
 Noninterest income decreased in 2022 by 72 million, or 6.7 , driven by decreases in consumer mortgage income from lower gain on sale margins and lower saleable volume, and a decline in trust and investment services, reflecting lower equity markets 
 Noninterest expense increased in 2022 by 314 million, or 13.1 , primarily driven by higher salaries, increased deposit insurance assessments, and increased technology and other business support costs . 

Commercial Bank 
 
 Segment imperatives 
 
 Solve complex client needs through a differentiated product set of banking and capital markets capabilities 
 Drive targeted scale through distinct product capabilities delivered to a broad set of clients 
 Utilize industry expertise and broad capabilities to build relationships with narrowly targeted client sets 
 
 58 

Table of contents 

 Market and business overview 
 
 Building relationships and delivering complex solutions for middle market clients requires a distinctive operating model that understands their business and can provide a broad set of product capabilities. As competition for these clients intensifies, we have positioned the business to maintain and grow our competitive advantage by building targeted scale in businesses and client segments. Strong market share in businesses such as real estate loan servicing and equipment finance highlights our ability to successfully meet customer needs through targeted scale in distinct product capabilities. Clients expect us to understand every aspect of their business. Our seven industry verticals are aligned to drive targeted scale in segments where we have a breadth of industry expertise. Our business model is positioned to meet our client needs because our focus is not on being a universal bank, but rather being the right bank for our clients. 
 
 Summary of operations 
 
 Net income attributable to Key of 1.1 billion in 2022, compared to 1.6 billion in 2021, a decrease of 30.2 , largely driven by an increase in reserves and lower investment banking and debt placement fees 
 Taxable equivalent net interest income increased in 2022 by 217 million, or 13.2 , from the prior year, reflecting growth in commercial and industrial loans and commercial real estate loans, as well as higher interest rates 
 Average loan and lease balances increased 9.1 billion in 2022, or 15.0 , due to growth in commercial and industrial loans and commercial mortgage real estate loans 
 Average deposit balances decreased 926 million in 2022, or 1.7 , driven by a decline in non-operating deposits 

Provision for credit losses increased 596 million in 2022 compared to the prior year, resulting from reserve increases driven by changes in the economic outlook and loan growth. In 2021, our provision for credit losses was a net benefit of 279 million due to reserve releases as the economic stress and uncertainty in the U.S. and globally caused by COVID-19 eased 
 Noninterest income decreased 390 million in 2022, or 19.6 , from the prior year, driven by lower investment banking and debt placement fees, partially offset by an increase in corporate services income primarily reflecting higher derivatives income 
 Noninterest expense decreased by 131 million in 2022, or 7.0 , from the prior year, driven by lower incentive compensation and lower operating lease expense, as well as a decrease in other business segment support costs 
 59 

Table of contents 

Financial Condition 
 
 Loans and loans held for sale 
 Figure 7. Breakdown of Loans 
 
 (a) Other consumer loans include Consumer direct loans, Credit cards, and Consumer indirect loans. See Note 4 Loan Portfolio Item 8. Financial Statements of this report. 
 60 

Table of contents 

 Figure 8 shows the composition of our loan portfolio at December 31 for each of the past two years. 
 Figure 8. Composition of Loans 
 2022 2021 December 31, 
 Dollars in millions 
 Amount Percent 
 of Total 
 Amount Percent 
 of Total 
 COMMERCIAL Commercial and industrial (a) 
 59,647 50.0 50,525 49.6 Commercial real estate: Commercial mortgage 16,352 13.7 14,244 13.9 Construction 2,530 2.1 1,996 2.0 Total commercial real estate loans 18,882 15.8 16,240 15.9 Commercial lease financing (b) 
 3,936 3.3 4,071 4.0 Total commercial loans 82,465 69.1 70,836 69.5 CONSUMER Real estate residential mortgage 21,401 17.9 15,756 15.5 Home equity loans 7,951 6.6 8,467 8.3 Consumer direct loans 6,508 5.4 5,753 5.6 Credit cards 1,026 0.9 972 1.0 Consumer indirect loans 43 0.1 70 0.1 Total consumer loans 36,929 30.9 31,018 30.5 Total loans (c) 
 119,394 100.0 101,854 100.0 
 (a) Loan balances include 172 million and 139 million, of commercial credit card balances at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (b) Commercial lease financing includes receivables held as collateral for a secured borrowing of 8 million and 16 million at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. Principal reductions are based on the cash payments received from these related receivables. Additional information pertaining to this secured borrowing is included in Note 20 Long-Term Debt ). 
 (c) Total loans exclude loans of 434 million at December 31, 2022, and 567 million at December 31, 2021, related to the discontinued operations of the education lending business. 
 At December 31, 2022, total loans outstanding from continuing operations were 119.4 billion, compared to 101.9 billion at the end of 2021. For more information on balance sheet carrying value, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under the headings Loans and Loans Held for Sale. 
 Commercial loan portfolio 
 Commercial loans outstanding were 82.5 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 11.6 billion, or 16.4 , compared to December 31, 2021 . The increase reflects core commercial and industrial loan growth and an increase in commercial real estate loans, which mitigated the impact of a 1.5 billion decline in PPP balances. 
 
 Figure 9 provides our commercial loan portfolio by industry classification as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 

61 

Table of contents 

 Figure 9. Commercial Loans by Industry 
 December 31, 2022 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial lease financing Total commercial loans Percent of total Dollars in millions Industry classification: Agriculture 907 171 96 1,174 1.4 Automotive 1,660 741 12 2,413 2.9 Business products 2,332 176 37 2,545 3.1 Business services 3,497 249 167 3,913 4.7 Chemicals 934 31 45 1,010 1.2 Construction materials and contractors 2,351 327 309 2,987 3.7 Consumer goods 4,312 544 286 5,142 6.2 Consumer services 4,963 873 346 6,182 7.5 Equipment 1,988 111 113 2,212 2.7 Finance 8,784 111 462 9,357 11.3 Healthcare 3,379 1,348 310 5,037 6.1 Metals and mining 1,453 86 94 1,633 2.0 Oil and gas 2,385 32 20 2,437 3.0 Public exposure 2,526 9 582 3,117 3.8 Commercial real estate 8,862 13,897 7 22,766 27.6 Technology 914 12 89 1,015 1.2 Transportation 1,139 159 497 1,795 2.2 Utilities 6,725 5 450 7,180 8.7 Other 536 14 550 .7 Total 59,647 18,882 3,936 82,465 100.0 December 31, 2021 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate Commercial lease financing Total commercial loans Percent of total Dollars in millions Industry classification: Agriculture 872 161 84 1,117 1.6 Automotive 1,253 609 18 1,880 2.7 Business products 1,732 131 39 1,902 2.7 Business services 3,202 235 177 3,614 5.1 Chemicals 786 25 22 833 1.2 Construction materials and contractors 2,248 338 264 2,850 4.0 Consumer goods 3,760 555 276 4,591 6.5 Consumer services 4,998 889 424 6,311 8.9 Equipment 1,650 97 138 1,885 2.7 Finance 6,676 98 380 7,154 10.1 Healthcare 3,138 1,302 245 4,685 6.6 Metals and mining 1,219 71 55 1,345 1.9 Oil and gas 1,758 26 35 1,819 2.6 Public exposure 2,768 15 720 3,503 4.9 Commercial real estate 6,494 11,456 9 17,959 25.3 Technology 649 9 149 807 1.1 Transportation 1,288 134 551 1,973 2.8 Utilities 5,491 467 5,958 8.4 Other 543 89 18 650 .9 Total 50,525 16,240 4,071 70,836 100.0 
 
 Commercial and industrial . Commercial and industrial loans are the largest component of our loan portfolio, representing 50 of our total loan portfolio at December 31, 2022, and 51 at December 31, 2021. This portfolio is approximately 86 variable rate and consists of loans primarily to large corporate, middle market, and small business clients. 
 
 Commercial and industrial loans totaled 59.6 billion at December 31, 2022, an increase of 9.1 billion, or 18.1 , compared to December 31, 2021. The increase was broad-based and spread across most industry categories and mitigated the impact of a 1.5 billion decline in PPP balances. 
 
 Commercial real estate loans . Our commercial real estate lending business includes both mortgage and construction loans, and is conducted through two primary sources: our 15-state banking franchise, and KeyBank Real Estate Capital, a national line of business that cultivates relationships with owners of commercial real estate located both within and beyond the branch system. Nonowner-occupied properties, generally properties for which at least 50 of the debt service is provided by rental income from nonaffiliated third parties, represented 81 of total commercial real estate loans outstanding at December 31, 2022. Construction loans, which provide a stream of funding for properties not fully leased at origination to support debt service payments over the term of the contract or project, represented 13 of commercial real estate loans at year end. 
 
 62 

Table of contents 

 At December 31, 2022, commercial real estate loans totaled 18.9 billion, comprised of 16.4 billion of mortgage loans and 2.5 billion of construction loans. Compared to December 31, 2021, this portfolio increased 2.6 billion driven by growth in multi-family lending, including a focus in aff ordable housing. 
 
 As shown in Figure 10, our commercial real estate loan portfolio includes various property types and geographic locations of the underlying collateral. These loans include commercial mortgage and construction loans in both Consumer Bank and Commercial Bank. 
 
 Figure 10. Commercial Real Estate Loans 
 Geographic Region Dollars in millions West Southwest Central Midwest Southeast Northeast National Total Percent of Total Construction Commercial 
 Mortgage 
 December 31, 2022 Nonowner-occupied: Diversified 9 4 24 231 268 1.4 268 Industrial 75 25 101 135 220 284 52 892 4.7 203 689 Land Residential 1 3 3 3 3 24 37 .2 15 22 Lodging 58 10 4 20 72 41 205 1.1 22 183 Medical Office 47 43 9 19 98 25 241 1.3 64 177 Multifamily 1,083 533 1,388 1,264 2,813 1,370 438 8,889 47.1 1,705 7,184 Office 189 1 173 113 128 300 95 999 5.3 999 Retail 282 35 112 183 69 395 235 1,311 6.9 106 1,205 Self Storage 85 13 50 20 79 37 202 486 2.6 4 482 Senior Housing 150 57 144 76 118 120 235 900 4.8 194 706 Skilled Nursing 52 239 143 434 2.3 434 Student Housing 53 199 13 265 1.4 39 226 Other 24 4 9 79 42 83 195 436 2.3 2 434 Total nonowner-occupied 2,003 671 2,033 1,995 3,710 3,059 1,892 15,363 81.4 2,354 13,009 Owner-occupied 1,149 5 364 580 128 1,293 3,519 18.6 176 3,343 Total 3,152 676 2,397 2,575 3,838 4,352 1,892 18,882 100.0 2,530 16,352 Nonowner-occupied: Nonperforming loans 2 7 12 21 N/M 21 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 8 8 N/M 8 Accruing loans past due 30 through 89 days 1 11 6 18 N/M 18 December 31, 2021 Nonowner-occupied: Diversified 18 1 40 183 242 1.5 242 Industrial 47 25 44 44 218 224 114 716 4.4 90 626 Land Residential 13 3 4 2 5 29 56 .3 33 23 Lodging 75 21 4 30 101 28 259 1.6 27 232 Medical Office 46 44 5 6 95 196 1.2 24 172 Multifamily 855 490 1,166 941 1,651 1,392 239 6,734 41.5 1,249 5,485 Office 213 199 122 133 372 46 1,085 6.7 17 1,068 Retail 247 36 131 226 95 409 192 1,336 8.2 87 1,249 Self Storage 44 5 44 13 39 50 74 269 1.7 5 264 Senior Housing 115 32 109 57 107 198 222 840 5.2 114 726 Skilled Nursing 39 19 2 13 271 164 508 3.1 508 Student Housing 10 36 65 124 14 249 1.5 86 163 Other 20 6 77 33 120 89 345 2.1 2 343 Total nonowner-occupied 1,703 630 1,823 1,559 2,454 3,315 1,351 12,835 79.0 1,734 11,101 Owner-occupied 1,065 293 592 124 1,331 3,405 21.0 262 3,143 Total 2,768 630 2,116 2,151 2,578 4,646 1,351 16,240 100.0 1,996 14,244 Nonperforming loans 2 17 25 44 N/M 44 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 1 1 6 8 N/M 1 7 Accruing loans past due 30 through 89 days 5 1 24 5 35 N/M 16 19 
 West Alaska, California, Hawaii, Idaho, Montana, Oregon, Washington, and Wyoming Southwest Arizona, Nevada, and New Mexico Central Arkansas, Colorado, Oklahoma, Texas, and Utah Midwest Illinois, Indiana, Iowa, Kansas, Michigan, Minnesota, Missouri, Nebraska, North Dakota, Ohio, South Dakota, and Wisconsin Southeast Alabama, Delaware, Florida, Georgia, Kentucky, Louisiana, Maryland, Mississippi, North Carolina, South Carolina, Tennessee, Virginia, Washington, D.C., and West Virginia Northeast Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, New Jersey, New York, Pennsylvania, Rhode Island, and Vermont National Accounts in three or more regions 
 
 63 

Table of contents 

 Consumer loan portfolio 
 
 Consumer loans outstanding at December 31, 2022, totaled 36.9 billion, an increase of 5.9 billion, or 19.1 , from one year ago . Consumer loans continue to reflect strength from the consumer mortgage business and 
 Laurel Road. 
 
 The residential mortgage portfolio is comprised of loans originated by our Consumer Bank and is the largest segment of our consumer loan portfolio as of December 31, 2022, representing approximately 58 of consumer loans. This is followed by our home equity portfolio comprising approximately 22 of consumer loans outstanding at year end. 
 
 We held the first lien position for approximately 66 of the Consumer Bank home equity portfolio at December 31, 2022, and 71 at December 31, 2021. For loans with real estate collateral, we track borrower performance monthly. Regardless of the lien position, credit metrics are refreshed quarterly, including recent FICO scores as well as original and updated loan-to-value ratios. This information is used in establishing the ALLL. Our methodology is described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under the heading Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. 
 
 Figure 11. Consumer Loans by State 
 Dollars in millions Real estate residential mortgage Home equity loans Consumer direct loans Credit cards Consumer indirect loans Total December 31, 2022 Washington 4,621 1,100 253 87 2 6,063 Ohio 2,766 1,173 347 214 5 4,505 New York 840 2,256 770 359 1 4,226 Colorado 3,006 301 171 32 3,510 California 2,357 16 538 4 6 2,921 Oregon 1,268 630 117 43 2,058 Pennsylvania 459 580 403 61 3 1,506 Florida 851 45 453 14 6 1,369 Texas 336 3 397 4 3 743 Illinois 134 3 212 2 1 352 Other 4,763 1,844 2,847 206 16 9,676 Total 21,401 7,951 6,508 1,026 43 36,929 December 31, 2021 New York 679 2,467 638 345 4 4,133 Ohio 2,631 1,284 485 206 8 4,614 Washington 2,264 1,076 234 81 2 3,657 Pennsylvania 351 634 327 55 4 1,371 California 1,781 14 430 3 10 2,238 Texas 184 5 343 4 4 540 Colorado 2,602 284 156 30 3,072 Connecticut 837 319 96 26 2 1,280 Oregon 1,009 670 110 40 1 1,830 Florida 591 46 378 13 10 1,038 Other 2,827 1,668 2,556 169 25 7,245 Total 15,756 8,467 5,753 972 70 31,018 

64 

Table of contents 

 Loan sales 
 
 As shown in Figure 12, during 2022, we sold 12.5 billion of our loans. Sales of loans classified as held for sale generated net gains of 151 million during 2022. 
 
 Figure 12 summarizes our loan sales during 2022 and 2021. 
 
 Figure 12. Loans Sold (Including Loans Held for Sale) 
 Dollars in millions Commercial Commercial 
 Real Estate 
 Commercial 
 Lease 
 Financing 
 Residential 
 Real Estate 
 Consumer Indirect Total 2022 Fourth quarter 33 2,774 114 235 3,156 Third quarter 211 1,882 43 353 2,489 Second quarter 41 1,851 150 496 2,538 First quarter 1,469 1,909 39 901 4,318 Total 1,754 8,416 346 1,985 12,501 2021 Fourth quarter 296 3,460 93 987 4,836 Third quarter 215 1,996 68 901 3,305 6,485 Second quarter 1,085 1,907 75 1,192 4,259 First quarter 124 1,930 156 1,129 3,339 Total 1,720 9,293 392 4,209 3,305 18,919 
 
 Figure 13 shows loans that are either administered or serviced by us but not recorded on the balance sheet; this includes loans that were sold. 
 
 Figure 13. Loans Administered or Serviced 
 December 31, 
 Dollars in millions 
 2022 2021 2020 2019 2018 Commercial real estate loans 488,478 444,131 371,016 347,186 291,158 Residential mortgage 11,026 10,312 8,311 6,146 5,209 Education loans 312 415 516 625 766 Commercial lease financing 1,646 1,236 1,359 1,047 916 Commercial loans 723 750 684 591 549 Consumer direct 509 699 1,711 2,243 Consumer indirect 1,536 2,714 Total 504,230 460,257 383,597 357,838 298,598 
 
 In the event of default by a borrower, we are subject to recourse with respect to approximately 6.8 billion of the 504.2 billion of loans administered or serviced at December 31, 2022. Additional information about this recourse arrangement is included in Note 22 Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Guarantees under the heading Recourse agreement with FNMA. 
 
 We derive income from several sources when retaining the right to administer or service loans that are sold. We earn noninterest income (recorded as Consumer mortgage income and Commercial mortgage servicing fees from fees for servicing or administering loans. This fee income is reduced by the amortization of related servicing assets. In addition, we earn interest income from investing funds generated by escrow deposits collected in connection with the servicing loans. Additional information about our mortgage servicing assets is included in Note 9 Mortgage Servicing Assets ). 

65 

Table of contents 

 Maturities and sensitivity of certain loans to changes in interest rates 
 
 Figure 14 shows the remaining maturities of our loan portfolio and the sensitivity of certain loans to changes in interest rates as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Figure 14. Remaining Maturities and Sensitivity of Certain Loans to Changes in Interest Rates (a) 
 December 31, 2022 Dollars in millions Within One Year One - Five Years Five - Fifteen Years Over Fifteen Years Total Commercial Commercial and industrial 10,829 41,764 6,881 173 59,647 Commercial Mortgage 4,020 8,680 3,322 330 16,352 Real estate construction 1,071 1,057 81 321 2,530 Commercial lease financing 228 2,115 1,565 28 3,936 Total commercial loans 16,148 53,616 11,849 852 82,465 Consumer Real estate - residential mortgage 57 26 864 20,454 21,401 Home equity loans 12 267 2,546 5,126 7,951 Consumer direct loans 521 1,074 2,763 2,150 6,508 Credit Cards 1,026 1,026 Consumer indirect loans 1 41 1 43 Total consumer loans 1,617 1,408 6,174 27,730 36,929 Total loans 17,765 55,024 18,023 28,582 119,394 Loans with floating or adjustable interest rates (b) 
 49,234 5,951 13,410 68,595 Loans with predetermined interest rates (c) 
 5,791 12,071 15,172 33,034 Total 55,025 18,022 28,582 101,629 
 (a) Accrued interest of 417 million at December 31, 2022, is presented in "Accrued income and other assets" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is excluded from the amortized cost basis disclosed in this table. 
 (b) Floating and adjustable rates vary in relation to other interest rates (such as the base lending rate) or a variable index that may change during the term of the loan. 
 (c) Predetermined interest rates either are fixed or may change during the term of the loan according to a specific formula or schedule. 

Securities 
 Our securities portfolio totaled 47.8 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 52.9 billion at December 31, 2021. Available-for-sale securities were 39.1 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 45.4 billion at December 31, 2021. Held-to-maturity securities were 8.7 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 7.5 billion at December 31, 2021. 
 As shown in Figure 15, all of our mortgage-backed securities, which include both securities available-for-sale and held-to-maturity securities, are issued by government-sponsored enterprises or GNMA, and are traded in liquid secondary markets. These securities are recorded on the balance sheet at fair value for the available-for-sale portfolio and at cost for the held-to-maturity portfolio. For more information about these securities, see Note 6 Fair Value Measurements under the heading Qualitative Disclosures of Valuation Techniques, and Note 7 Securities ). 
 Figure 15. Mortgage-Backed Securities by Issuer 
 December 31, 
 Dollars in millions 
 2022 2021 FHLMC FNMA 25,371 28,461 GNMA 11,620 12,469 Total (a) 
 36,991 40,930 
 (a) Includes securities held in the available-for-sale and held-to-maturity portfolios. 
 
 66 

Table of contents 

Securities available for sale 
 
 The majority of our securities available-for-sale portfolio consists of Federal Agency CMOs and mortgage-backed securities. CMOs are debt securities secured by a pool of mortgages or mortgage-backed securities. These mortgage securities generate interest income, serve as collateral to support certain pledging agreements, and provide liquidity value under regulatory requirements. 
 
 We periodically evaluate our securities available-for-sale portfolio in light of established A/LM objectives, changing market conditions that could affect the profitability of the portfolio, the regulatory environment, and the level of interest rate risk to which we are exposed. These evaluations may cause us to take steps to adjust our overall balance sheet positioning. 
 
 In addition, the size and composition of our securities available-for-sale portfolio could vary with our needs for liquidity and the extent to which we are required (or elect) to hold these assets as collateral to secure public funds and trust deposits. Although we generally use debt securities for this purpose, other assets, such as securities purchased under resale agreements or letters of credit, are used occasionally when they provide a lower cost of collateral or more favorable risk profiles. 
 
 Our investing activities continue to complement other balance sheet developments and provide for our ongoing liquidity management needs. Our actions to not reinvest the monthly security cash flows at various times served to provide the liquidity necessary to address our funding requirements. These funding requirements included ongoing loan growth and occasional debt maturities. At other times, we may make additional investments that go beyond the replacement of maturities or mortgage security cash flows as our liquidity position and/or interest rate risk management strategies may require. Lastly, our focus on investing in high quality liquid assets, including GNMA-related securities, is related to liquidity management strategies to satisfy regulatory requirements. 
 
 Figure 16 shows the composition, TE yields, and remaining maturities of our securities available for sale. For more information about these securities, including gross unrealized gains and losses by type of security and securities pledged, see Note 7 Securities ). 
 
 67 

Table of contents 

 Figure 16. Securities Available for Sale 
 Dollars in millions U.S. Treasury, Agencies, and Corporations Agency Residential Collateralized Mortgage Obligations (a) 
 Agency Residential Mortgage-backed Securities (a),(b) 
 Agency Commercial Mortgage-backed Securities (a) 
 Other Securities Total Weighted-Average Yield (b) 
 December 31, 2022 Remaining maturity: One year or less 1,133 60 2 20 1,215 0.48 After one through five years 8,020 2,036 2,410 2,314 14,780 1.32 After five through ten years 157 10,734 1,271 5,808 17,970 1.98 After ten years 105 3,603 237 1,207 5,152 1.76 Fair value 9,415 16,433 3,920 9,349 39,117 Amortized cost 10,044 20,180 4,616 10,712 45,552 1.67 Weighted-average yield (b) 
 0.59 1.67 1.58 2.73 1.67 Weighted-average maturity 
 1.9 years 8.1 years 4.9 years 7.5 years years 6.3 years December 31, 2021 Fair value 9,472 21,119 5,122 9,651 45,364 Amortized cost 9,573 21,430 5,137 9,753 45,893 1.43 
 (a) Maturity is based upon expected average lives rather than contractual terms. 
 (b) Weighted-average yields are calculated based on amortized cost. Such yields have been adjusted to a TE basis using the statutory federal income tax rate in effect that calendar year. 

Held-to-maturity securities 
 The majority of our held-to-maturity portfolio consists of Federal Agency CMOs and mortgage-backed securities. The portfolio is also comprised of asset-backed securities that were acquired as the result of balance sheet optimization strategies, including the indirect auto portfolio transaction in the third quarter of 2021. The remaining balance is comprised of foreign bonds. Figure 17 shows the composition, yields, and remaining maturities of these securities. 
 Figure 17. Held-to-Maturity Securities 
 Dollars in millions Agency Residential Collateralized Mortgage Obligations (a) 
 Agency Residential Mortgage-backed Securities (a) 
 Agency Commercial Mortgage-backed Securities (a) 
 Asset-backed securities Other Securities Total Weighted-Average Yield (b) 
 December 31, 2022 Remaining maturity: One year or less 11 6 2 1 20 2.16 After one through five years 1,569 127 1,720 1,405 13 4,834 2.85 After five through ten years 2,189 54 761 3,004 3.52 After ten years 817 35 852 4.24 Amortized cost 4,586 181 2,522 1,407 14 8,710 3.18 Fair value 4,308 165 2,315 1,311 14 8,113 Weighted-average yield (b) 
 3.60 2.87 3.16 2.10 2.43 3.22 Weighted-average maturity 
 7.0 years 5.4 years 4.5 years 1.6 years 2.2 years 5.4 years December 31, 2021 Amortized cost 2,196 164 2,678 2,485 16 7,539 2.37 Fair value 2,229 170 2,796 2,454 16 7,665 
 (a) Maturity is based upon expected average lives rather than contractual terms. 
 (b) Weighted-average yields are calculated based on amortized cost. Such yields have been adjusted to a TE basis using the statutory federal income tax rate in effect that calendar year. 

68 

Table of contents 

 Deposits and other sources of funds 
 
 Figure 18. Breakdown of Deposits at December 31, 2022 
 Deposits are our primary source of funding. At December 31, 2022, our deposits totaled 142.6 billion, a decrease of 10.0 billion, compared to December 31, 2021. The decrease reflects declines in retail balances and non-operating commercial deposit balances. 
 
 Wholesale funds, consisting of short-term borrowings and long-term debt, totaled 28.8 billion at December 31, 2022, compared to 12.8 billion at December 31, 2021. The increase reflects loan growth and a decline in deposit balances. 
 Uninsured deposits totaled 67.1 billion and 77.6 billion at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. Uninsured amounts are estimated based on the portion of account balances, including allocated interest payable amounts, in excess of FDIC insurance limits. 
 Figure 19 shows the maturity distribution of uninsured time deposits. 
 Figure 19. Maturity Distribution of Uninsured Time Deposit Amounts 
 December 31, 2022 Total Dollars in millions Remaining maturity: Three months or less 32 After three through six months 78 After six through twelve months 82 After twelve months 97 Total 289 

Capital 
 
 The objective of management of capital is to maintain capital levels consistent with our risk appetite and sufficient in size to operate within a wide range of operating environments. We have identified three primary uses of capital: 
 
 1. Investing in our businesses, supporting our clients, and loan growth; 
 2. Maintaining or increasing our Common Share dividend; and 
 3. Returning capital in the form of Common Share repurchases to our shareholders. 
 
 The following sections discuss certain ways we have deployed our capital. For further information, see the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity and Note 24 Shareholders' Equity ). 
 69 

Table of contents 

(a) Common Share repurchases were suspended during the second quarter of 2020 in response to the COVID-19 pandemic and resumed in the first quarter of 2021. 
 
 Dividends 
 Consistent with our capital plans, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of .195 per Common Share for the first three quarters of 2022 and .205 per Common Share for the fourth quarter of 2022. These quarterly dividend payments brought our annual dividend to .79 per Common Share for 2022. 
 Common Shares outstanding 
 Our Common Shares are traded on the NYSE under the symbol KEY with 29,727 holders of record at December 31, 2022. Our book value per Common Share was 11.79 based on 933.3 million shares outstanding at December 31, 2022, compared to 16.76 based on 928.9 million shares outstanding at December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, our tangible book value per Common Share was 8.75, compared to 13.72 at December 31, 2021. 
 Figure 20 shows activities that caused the change in our outstanding Common Shares over the past two years. 
 Figure 20. Changes in Common Shares Outstanding 
 2022 Quarters In thousands 2022 Fourth Third Second First 2021 Shares outstanding at beginning of period 928,850 932,938 932,643 932,398 928,850 975,773 Open market repurchases, repurchases under an ASR program, and return of shares under employee compensation plans (1,736) (2) (3) (24) (1,707) (54,986) Shares issued under employee compensation plans (net of cancellations) 6,211 389 298 269 5,255 8,063 Shares outstanding at end of period 933,325 933,325 932,938 932,643 932,398 928,850 
 During 2022, Common Shares outstanding increased by 4.5 million shares, primarily driven by issuances under employee compensation plans. For more information on share repurchases activity, see Note 24 Shareholders' Equity ). 
 At December 31, 2022, we had 323.4 million treasury shares, compared to 327.9 million treasury shares at December 31, 2021. Going forward, we expect to reissue treasury shares as needed in connection with stock-based compensation awards and for other corporate purposes. 
 Capital adequacy 
 Capital adequacy is an important indicator of financial stability and performance. All of our capital ratios remained in excess of regulatory requirements at December 31, 2022. Our capital and liquidity levels are intended to position us to weather an adverse operating environment while continuing to serve our clients needs, as well as to meet the Regulatory Capital Rules described in the Supervision and regulation section of Item 1 of this report. Our shareholders equity to assets ratio was 7.09 at December 31, 2022, compared to 9.36 at December 31, 2021. Our tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio was 4.37 at December 31, 2022, compared to 6.95 at December 31, 2021. The minimum capital and leverage ratios under the Regulatory Capital Rules together with the estimated ratios of KeyCorp at December 31, 2022, calculated on a fully phased-in basis, are set forth under the heading Basel III in the Supervision and Regulation section in Item 1 of this report. 
 
 70 

Table of contents 

 Figure 21 represents the details of our regulatory capital positions at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, under the Regulatory Capital Rules. Information regarding the regulatory capital ratios of KeyCorp s banking subsidiaries is presented in Note 24 Shareholders' Equity ). 
 Figure 21. Capital Components and Risk-Weighted Assets 
 December 31, 
 Dollars in millions 
 2022 2021 COMMON EQUITY TIER 1 Key shareholders equity (GAAP) 13,454 17,423 Less: Preferred Stock (a) 
 2,446 1,856 Add: CECL phase-in (b) 
 178 237 Common Equity Tier 1 capital before adjustments and deductions 11,186 15,804 Less: Goodwill, net of deferred taxes 2,612 2,571 Intangible assets, net of deferred taxes 88 125 Deferred tax assets 1 1 Net unrealized gains (losses) on available-for-sale securities, net of deferred taxes (4,857) (300) Accumulated gains (losses) on cash flow hedges, net of deferred taxes (1,160) (14) Amounts in AOCI attributed to pension and postretirement benefit costs, net of deferred taxes (277) (272) Total Common Equity Tier 1 capital 14,779 13,693 TIER 1 CAPITAL Common Equity Tier 1 14,779 13,693 Additional Tier 1 capital instruments and related surplus 2,446 1,856 Less: Deductions Total Tier 1 capital 17,225 15,549 TIER 2 CAPITAL Tier 2 capital instruments and related surplus 2,200 1,540 Allowance for losses on loans and liability for losses on lending-related commitments (c) 
 1,351 941 Less: Deductions Total Tier 2 capital 3,551 2,481 Total risk-based capital 20,776 18,030 RISK-WEIGHTED ASSETS Risk-weighted assets on balance sheet 125,900 109,041 Risk-weighted off-balance sheet exposure 35,745 33,853 Market risk-equivalent assets 826 1,500 Gross risk-weighted assets 162,471 144,394 Less: Excess allowance for loan and lease losses Net risk-weighted assets 162,471 144,394 AVERAGE QUARTERLY TOTAL ASSETS 193,986 183,604 CAPITAL RATIOS Tier 1 risk-based capital 10.60 10.77 Total risk-based capital 12.79 12.49 Leverage (d) 
 8.88 8.47 Common Equity Tier 1 9.10 9.48 
 (a) Net of capital surplus. 
 (b) Amount reflects our decision to adopt the CECL transitional provision. 
 (c) The ALLL included in Tier 2 capital is limited by regulation to 1.25 of the institution s standardized total risk-weighted assets (excluding its standardized market risk-weighted assets). The ALLL includes 21 million and 28 million of allowance classified as discontinued assets on the balance sheet at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (d) This ratio is Tier 1 capital divided by average quarterly total assets as defined by the Federal Reserve less: (i) goodwill, (ii) the disallowed intangible and deferred tax assets, and (iii) other deductions from assets for leverage capital purposes. 
 
 Off-Balance Sheet Arrangements 
 
 Off-balance sheet arrangements 
 We are party to various types of off-balance sheet arrangements, which could lead to contingent liabilities or risks of loss that are not reflected on the balance sheet. 
 Variable interest entities 
 In accordance with the applicable accounting guidance for consolidations, we consolidate a VIE if we have: (i) a variable interest in the entity; (ii) the power to direct activities of the VIE that most significantly impact the entity s economic performance; and (iii) the obligation to absorb losses of the entity or the right to receive benefits from the entity that could potentially be significant to the VIE (i.e., we are considered to be the primary beneficiary). Additional information regarding the nature of VIEs and our involvement with them is included in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under the heading Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation and in Note 13 Variable Interest Entities ). 
 71 

Table of contents 

 Commitments to extend credit or funding 
 Loan commitments provide for financing on predetermined terms as long as the client continues to meet specified criteria. These commitments generally carry variable rates of interest and have fixed expiration dates or other termination clauses. We typically charge a fee for our loan commitments. Since a commitment may expire without resulting in a loan or being fully utilized, the total amount of an outstanding commitment may significantly exceed any related cash outlay. Further information about our loan commitments at December 31, 2022, is presented in Note 22 Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Guarantees under the heading Commitments to Extend Credit or Funding. 
 
 Other off-balance sheet arrangements 
 Other off-balance sheet arrangements include financial instruments that do not meet the definition of a guarantee in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance, and other relationships, such as liquidity support provided to asset-backed commercial paper conduits, indemnification agreements and intercompany guarantees. Information about such arrangements is provided in Note 22 under the heading Other Off-Balance Sheet Risk. 
 
 Guarantees 
 We are a guarantor in various agreements with third parties. As guarantor, we may be contingently liable to make payments to the guaranteed party based on changes in a specified interest rate, foreign exchange rate or other variable (including the occurrence or nonoccurrence of a specified event). These variables, known as underlyings, may be related to an asset or liability, or another entity s failure to perform under a contract. Additional information regarding these types of arrangements is presented in Note 22 Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Guarantees under the heading Guarantees. 
 
 Risk Management 
 
 Overview 
 Like all financial services companies, we engage in business activities and assume the related risks. The most significant risks we face are credit, compliance, operational, liquidity, market, reputation, strategic, and model risks. Our risk management activities are shown in the following chart, and we manage such risks across the entire enterprise to maintain safety and soundness and maximize profitability. Certain of these risks are defined and discussed in greater detail in the remainder of this section. 

Federal banking regulators continue to emphasize with financial institutions the importance of relating capital management strategy to the level of risk at each institution. We believe our internal risk management processes help us achieve and maintain capital levels that are commensurate with our business activities and risks, and 
 72 

Table of contents 

 conform to regulatory expectations. The table below depicts our risk management hierarchy and associated responsibilities and activities of each group. 

73 

Table of contents 

 Group Overview and Responsibilities Activities Board of Directors Oversight capacity 
 Ensure Key s risks are managed in a manner that is not only effective and balanced, but also has a fiduciary duty to the shareholders 
 
 Understands Key's risk philosophy 
 Approves the risk appetite 
 Inquires about risk practices 
 Reviews the portfolio of risks 
 Compares the actual risks to the risk appetite 
 Is apprised of significant risks, both actual and emerging, and determines whether management is responding appropriately 
 Challenges management and ensures accountability 
 Board of Directors Audit Committee (a) 
 Oversight of financial statement integrity, regulatory and legal requirements, independent auditors qualifications and independence, and the performance of the internal audit function and independent auditors 
 Financial reporting, legal matters, and fraud risk 
 Meets with management and approves significant policies relating to the risk areas overseen by the Audit Committee 
 Receives reports on enterprise risk 
 Meets bi-monthly 
 Convenes to discuss the content of our financial disclosures and quarterly earnings releases 
 Board of Directors Risk Committee (a) 
 Assist the Board in oversight of strategies, policies, procedures, and practices relating to the assessment and management of enterprise-wide risk, including credit, market, liquidity, model, operational, compliance, reputation, and strategic risks 
 Assist the Board in overseeing risks related to capital adequacy, capital planning, and capital actions 
 Reviews and provides oversight of management s activities related to the enterprise-wide risk management framework, which includes an annual review of the ERM Policy, including the Risk Appetite Statement, and management and ERM reports 
 Approves any material changes to the charter of the ERM Committee and significant policies relating to risk management, including corporate risk tolerances for major risk categories 
 ERM Committee Chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and comprising other senior level executives 
 Manage risk and ensure that the corporate risk profile is managed in a manner consistent with our risk appetite 
 Oversees the ERM Program, which encompasses our risk philosophy, policy, framework, and governance structure for the management of risks across the entire company 
 Approves and manages the risk-adjusted capital framework we use to manage risks 
 
 Disclosure Committee Includes representatives from each of the Three Lines of Defense 
 Meets quarterly to review recent internal and external events to determine whether all appropriate disclosures have been made in reports filed with the SEC 
 Convenes quarterly to discuss the content of our 10-Q and 10-K 
 
 Tier 2 Risk Governance Committees Include attendees from each of the Three Lines of Defense 
 The First Line of Defense is the line of business primarily responsible to accept, own, proactively identify, monitor, and manage risk 
 The Second Line of Defense comprises Risk Management representatives who provide independent, centralized oversight over all risk categories by aggregating, analyzing, and reporting risk information 
 Risk Review, our internal audit function, provides the Third Line of Defense. Its role is to provide independent assessment and testing of the effectiveness of, appropriateness of, and adherence to KeyCorp s risk management policies, practices, and controls 
 Supports the ERM Committee by identifying early warning events and trends, escalating emerging risks, and discussing forward-looking assessments 
 Chief Risk Officer Ensure that relevant risk information is properly integrated into strategic and business decisions 
 Ensure appropriate ownership of risks 
 Provides input into performance and compensation decisions 
 Assesses aggregate enterprise risk 
 Monitors capabilities to manage critical risks 
 Executes appropriate Board and stakeholder reporting 
 
 (a) The Audit and Risk Committees meet jointly, as appropriate, to discuss matters that relate to each committee s responsibilities. Committee chairpersons routinely meet with management during interim months to plan agendas for upcoming meetings and to discuss emerging trends and events that have transpired since the preceding meeting. All members of the Board receive formal reports designed to keep them abreast of significant developments during the interim months. 

Market risk management 
 
 Market risk is the risk that movements in market risk factors, including interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, commodity prices, credit spreads, and volatilities will reduce Key s income and the value of its portfolios. These factors influence prospective yields, values, or prices associated with the instrument. We are exposed to market risk both in our trading and nontrading activities, which include asset and liability management activities. Our risk management activities are focused on ensuring that we properly identify, measure, and manage such risks across the entire enterprise to maintain safety and soundness, and to maximize profitability. Information regarding our fair value policies, procedures, and methodologies is provided in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under the heading Fair Value Measurements and Note 6 Fair Value Measurements in this report. 
 
 74 

Table of contents 

 Trading market risk 
 
 Key incurs market risk as a result of trading activities that are used in support of client facilitation and hedging activities, principally within our investment banking and capital markets businesses. Key has exposures to a wide range of risk factors including interest rates, equity prices, foreign exchange rates, credit spreads, and commodity prices, as well as the associated implied volatilities and spreads. Our primary market risk exposures are a result of trading and hedging activities in the derivative and fixed income markets, including securitization exposures. At December 31, 2022, we did not have any re-securitization positions. We maintain modest trading inventories to facilitate customer flow, make markets in securities, and hedge certain risks including but not limited to credit risk and interest rate risk. The risks associated with these activities are mitigated in accordance with the Market Risk hedging policy. The majority of our positions are traded in active markets. 
 
 Management of trading market risks . Market risk management is an integral part of Key s risk culture. The Risk Committee of our Board provides oversight of trading market risks. The ERM Committee and the Market Risk Committee regularly review and discuss market risk reports prepared by our MRM that contain our market risk exposures and results of monitoring activities. Market risk policies and procedures have been defined and take into account our tolerance for risk and consideration for the business environment. The Market Risk Committee approves market risk policies and recommends our significant market risk policy to the ERM Committee, the KeyBank Board, and the Risk Committee of the Board for approval. 
 
 The MRM, as the second line of defense, is an independent risk management function that partners with the lines of business to identify, measure, and monitor market risks throughout our company. The MRM is responsible for ensuring transparency of significant market risks, monitoring compliance with established limits, and escalating limit exceptions to appropriate senior management. The various business units and trading desks are responsible for ensuring that market risk exposures are well-managed and prudent. Market risk is monitored through various measures, such as VaR, and through routine stress testing, sensitivity, and scenario analyses. The MRM conducts stress tests for each position using historical worst case and standard shock scenarios. VaR, stressed VaR, and other analyses are prepared daily and distributed to appropriate management. 
 
 Covered positions. We monitor the market risk of our covered positions as defined in the Market Risk Rule, which includes all of our trading positions as well as all foreign exchange and commodity positions, regardless of whether the position is in a trading account. Key s covered positions may also include mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities that may be identified as securitization positions or re-securitization positions under the Market Risk Rule. The MRM as well as the LOB that trades securitization positions monitor the positions, the portfolio composition and the risks identified in this section on a daily basis consistent with the Market Risk policies and procedures. At December 31, 2022, covered positions did not include any re-securitization positions. Instruments that are used to hedge nontrading activities, such as bank-issued debt and loan portfolios, equity positions that are not actively traded, and securities financing activities, do not meet the definition of a covered position. The MRM is responsible for identifying our portfolios as either covered or non-covered. The Covered Position Working Group develops the final list of covered positions, and a summary is provided to the Market Risk Committee. 
 
 Our significant portfolios of covered positions are detailed below. We analyze market risk by portfolios of covered positions and do not separately measure and monitor our portfolios by risk type. The descriptions below incorporate the respective risk types associated with each of these portfolios. 
 
 Fixed income includes those instruments associated with our capital markets business and the trading of securities as a dealer. These instruments may include positions in municipal bonds, bonds backed by the U.S. government, agency and corporate bonds, certain mortgage-backed and asset-backed securities, securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, money markets, and certain CMOs. The activities and instruments within the fixed income portfolio create exposures to interest rate and credit spread risks. 
 Interest rate derivatives include interest rate swaps, caps, and floors, which are transacted primarily to accommodate the needs of commercial loan clients. In addition, we enter into interest rate derivatives to offset or mitigate the interest rate risk related to the client positions. The activities within this portfolio create exposures to interest rate risk. 
 
 VaR and stressed VaR. VaR is the estimate of the maximum amount of loss on an instrument or portfolio due to adverse market conditions during a given time interval within a stated confidence level. Stressed VaR is used to assess extreme conditions on market risk within our trading portfolios. The MRM calculates VaR and stressed VaR 
 75 

Table of contents 

 on a daily basis, and the results are distributed to appropriate management. VaR and stressed VaR results are also provided to our regulators and utilized in regulatory capital calculations. 
 
 We use a historical simulation VaR model to measure the potential adverse effect of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, equity prices, and credit spreads on the fair value of our covered positions and other non-covered positions. We analyze market risk by portfolios and do not separately measure and monitor our portfolios by risk type. Historical scenarios are customized for specific positions, and numerous risk factors are incorporated in the calculation. Additional consideration is given to the risk factors to estimate the exposures that contain optionality features, such as options and cancellable provisions. VaR is calculated using daily observations over a one-year time horizon, and approximates a 95 confidence level. Statistically, this means that we would expect to incur losses greater than VaR, on average, five out of 100 trading days, or three to four times each quarter. We also calculate VaR and stressed VaR at a 99 confidence level. 
 
 The VaR model is an effective tool in estimating ranges of possible gains and losses on our positions. However, there are limitations inherent in the VaR model since it uses historical results over a given time interval to estimate future performance. Historical results may not be indicative of future results, and changes in the market or composition of our portfolios could have a significant impact on the accuracy of the VaR model. We regularly review and enhance the modeling techniques, inputs, and assumptions used. Our market risk policy includes the independent validation of our VaR model by Key s internal model validation group on an annual basis. The Model Risk Committee oversees the Model Validation Program, and results of validations are discussed with the ERM Committee. 
 
 Actual losses for the total covered positions did not exceed aggregate daily VaR on any day during the quarters ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The MRM back tests our VaR model on a daily basis to evaluate its predictive power. The test compares VaR model results at the 99 confidence level to daily held profit and loss. Results of back testing are provided to the Market Risk Committee. Back testing exceptions occur when trading losses exceed VaR. We do not engage in correlation trading or utilize the internal model approach for measuring default and credit migration risk. Our net VaR approach incorporates diversification, but our VaR calculation does not include the impact of counterparty risk and our own credit spreads on derivatives. 
 
 The aggregate VaR at the 99 confidence level with a one day holding period for all covered positions was 1.1 million at December 31, 2022, and 1.0 million at December 31, 2021. Figure 22 summarizes our VaR at the 99 confidence level with a one day holding period for significant portfolios of covered positions for the three months ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Figure 22. VaR for Significant Portfolios of Covered Positions 
 2022 2021 Three months ended December 31, Three months ended December 31, Dollars in millions High Low Mean December 31, High Low Mean December 31, Trading account assets: Fixed income 1.1 .4 .7 .4 1.5 .8 1.2 .9 Derivatives: Interest rate .7 .2 .3 .6 .2 .1 .1 .1 
 
 Stressed VaR is calculated by running the portfolios through a predetermined stress period which is approved by the Market Risk Committee and is calculated at the 99 confidence level using the same model and assumptions used for general VaR. The aggregate stressed VaR for all covered positions was 1.9 million at December 31, 2022, and 4.3 million at December 31, 2021. Figure 23 summarizes our stressed VaR at the 99 confidence level with a one day holding period for significant portfolios of covered positions for the three months ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. The decrease in stressed VaR is due to several factors including a change in our VaR modeling and the change in the size and composition of the Fixed Income inventory. 
 
 76 

Table of contents 

 Figure 23. Stressed VaR for Significant Portfolios of Covered Positions 
 2022 2021 Three months ended December 31, Three months ended December 31, Dollars in millions High Low Mean December 31, High Low Mean December 31, Trading account assets: Fixed income 2.4 1.1 1.6 1.1 6.5 3.4 5.4 3.6 Derivatives: Interest rate .7 .2 .3 .6 .6 .3 .3 .5 
 
 Internal capital adequacy assessment. Market risk is a component of our internal capital adequacy assessment. Our risk-weighted assets include a market risk-equivalent asset amount, which consists of a VaR component, stressed VaR component, a de minimis exposure amount, and a specific risk add-on including the securitization positions. The aggregate market value of the securitization positions as defined by the Market Risk Rule was 13 million at December 31, 2022, all of which were mortgage-backed security positions. Specific risk is the price risk of individual financial instruments, which is not accounted for by changes in broad market risk factors and is measured through a standardized approach. Market risk weighted assets, including the specific risk calculations, are run quarterly by the MRM in accordance with the Market Risk Rule, and approved by the Chief Market Risk Officer. 
 
 Nontrading market risk 
 
 Most of our nontrading market risk is derived from interest rate fluctuations and its impacts on our traditional loan and deposit products, as well as investments, hedging relationships, long-term debt, and certain short-term borrowings. Interest rate risk, which is inherent in the banking industry, is measured by the potential for fluctuations in net interest income and the EVE. Such fluctuations may result from changes in interest rates and differences in the repricing and maturity characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities. We manage the exposure to changes in net interest income and the EVE in accordance with our risk appetite and in accordance with the Board approved ERM policy. 
 
 Interest rate risk positions are influenced by a number of factors, including the balance sheet positioning that arises out of customer preferences for loan and deposit products, economic conditions, the competitive environment within our markets, changes in market interest rates that affect client activity, and our hedging, investing, funding, and capital positions. The primary components of interest rate risk exposure consist of reprice risk, basis risk, yield curve risk, and option risk. 
 
 Reprice risk is the exposure to changes in the level of interest rates and occurs when the volume of interest-bearing liabilities and the volume of interest-earning assets they fund (e.g., deposits used to fund loans) do not mature or reprice at the same time. 
 Basis risk is the exposure to asymmetrical changes in interest rate indexes and occurs when floating-rate assets and floating-rate liabilities reprice at the same time, but in response to different market factors or indexes. 
 Yield curve risk is the exposure to non-parallel changes in the slope of the yield curve (where the yield curve depicts the relationship between the yield on a particular type of security and its term to maturity) and occurs when interest-bearing liabilities and the interest-earning assets that they fund do not price or reprice to the same term point on the yield curve. 
 Option risk is the exposure to a customer or counterparty s ability to take advantage of the interest rate environment and terminate or reprice one of our assets, liabilities, or off-balance sheet instruments prior to contractual maturity without a penalty. Option risk occurs when exposures to customer and counterparty early withdrawals or prepayments are not mitigated with an offsetting position or appropriate compensation. 
 
 The management of nontrading market risk is centralized within Corporate Treasury. The Risk Committee of our Board provides oversight of nontrading market risk. The ERM Committee and the ALCO review reports on the interest rate risk exposures described above. In addition, the ALCO reviews reports on stress tests and sensitivity analyses related to interest rate risk. These committees have various responsibilities related to managing nontrading market risk, including recommending, approving, and monitoring strategies that maintain risk positions within approved tolerance ranges. The A/LM policy provides the framework for the oversight and management of interest rate risk and is administered by the ALCO. The MRM, as the second line of defense, provides additional oversight. 
 
 77 

Table of contents 

 LIBOR Transition 
 
 As disclosed in Item 1A. Risk Factors of this report, bank regulators have issued guidance advising against the use of LIBOR in its current form for new contracts. For most financial products, the most common alternative reference rates have been, and are expected to be, SOFR-based benchmarks. This is true for both new originations and legacy LIBOR contracts that are subject to amendment or a transition by their terms. We have established an enterprise-wide program to identify and address all LIBOR transition issues related to legacy LIBOR contracts. We are collaborating closely with regulators and industry groups on the transition and closely monitoring industry practices related to LIBOR alternatives. The goals of our LIBOR transition program include: 
 
 Identifying and analyzing LIBOR-based exposure and developing and executing transition strategies; 
 Reviewing and updating near-term strategies and actions for our LIBOR-based business currently being written; 
 Assessing financial impacts and risks while planning and executing mitigation actions; 
 Understanding and strategically addressing the current market approach to LIBOR relative to transitioning to alternative reference rates, including the impact of the LIBOR Act and the Federal Reserve s regulations as well as the FCA s policy decisions related to so-called synthetic USD LIBOR; 
 Determining and executing system and process work to be operationally ready for credit sensitive benchmarks; and 
 Remediating remaining LIBOR contracts. 
 
 As part of the LIBOR transition program, we completed an initial risk assessment to help us identify the impact and risks associated with various products, systems, processes, and models. This risk assessment has assisted us in making necessary updates to our infrastructure and operational systems and processes to implement a replacement rate, and we are operationally ready for various SOFR-based benchmarks, including but not limited to, Daily Simple SOFR in Arrears, SOFR Compounded in Arrears, SOFR Averages in Advance, and Term SOFR. We are actively quoting alternative indexes other than LIBOR, such as SOFR and Term SOFR, and are originating new loans in those indexes. We have also originated a small number of new loans using credit sensitive rates in a limited and managed fashion. 
 
 We have compiled an inventory of existing legal contracts that are impacted by the LIBOR transition. We have assessed the LIBOR fallback language in those contracts, have devised a strategy to address the LIBOR transition for those contracts, and are in the process of remediating such contracts. Our progress is well-paced. We expect to leverage recommendations made by the ARRC and ISDA that are tailored to our specific client segments. We also have evaluated the impact of the LIBOR Act on our transition strategy. The legislation provides a uniform national approach for replacing LIBOR in legacy contracts that do not provide for the use of a clearly defined or practicable replacement benchmark rate. 
 
 As of December 31, 2022, Key had the following instruments that were dependent on LIBOR: 
 
 Figure 24. Amounts Directly or Indirectly Dependent upon LIBOR 
 Dollars in millions Maturity through June 30, 2023 Maturity past June 30, 2023 Total Exposures Outstanding balance of loans 2,345 15,659 18,004 Notional value of derivative contracts 9,519 67,656 77,175 Investment securities 535 535 Debt and equity instruments 1,276 1,276 
 
 Net interest income simulation analysis. The primary tool we use to measure our interest rate risk is simulation analysis. For purposes of this analysis, we estimate our net interest income based on the current and projected composition of our on- and off-balance sheet positions, accounting for recent and anticipated trends in customer activity. The analysis also incorporates assumptions for the current and projected interest rate environments and balance sheet growth projections based on a most likely macroeconomic view. The modeling incorporates investment portfolio and swap portfolio balances consistent with management's desired interest rate risk positioning. The simulation model estimates the amount of net interest income at risk by simulating the change in net interest income that would occur if rates were to gradually increase or decrease from current levels over the next 12 months (subject to a floor on market interest rates at zero). 
 
 Figure 25 presents the results of the simulation analysis at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. At December 31, 2022, our simulated impact to changes in interest rates was moderate. The exposure to declining rates has decreased as a result of the change in balance sheet mix compared to the December 31, 2021 analysis. 
 78 

Table of contents 

 Tolerance levels for risk management require the development of remediation plans to maintain residual risk within tolerance if simulation modeling demonstrates that a gradual, parallel 200 basis point increase or 200 basis point decrease in interest rates over the next 12 months would adversely affect net interest income over the same period by more than 5.5 . Current modeled exposure is within Board approved tolerances. If a tolerance level is breached and determined inconsistent with risk appetite, the development of a remediation plan is required to reduce exposure back to within tolerance. 
 
 Figure 25. Simulated Change in Net Interest Income 
 December 31, 2022 December 31, 2021 Basis point change assumption -200 +200 -200 +200 Assumed floor in market rates (in basis points) N/A N/A Rising rate beta N/A Mid 40s N/A High 20s Tolerance level (5.50) (5.50) (5.50) (5.50) Interest rate risk assessment (1.66) (2.61) (3.86) 5.15 +200 NII at risk beta sensitivity December 31, 2022 Beta assumption Mid 40s Low 40s Mid 30s Low 30s Interest rate risk assessment (2.61) (1.60) (0.59) 0.42 
 
 Simulation analysis produces a sophisticated estimate of interest rate exposure based on assumptions inputs within the model. Assumptions are tailored to the specific interest rate environment and validated on a regular basis. However, actual results may differ from those derived in simulation analyses due to unanticipated changes to the balance sheet composition, customer behavior, product pricing, market interest rates, changes in management s desired interest rate risk positioning, investment, funding and hedging activities or repercussions from exogenous events . 
 
 Regular stress tests and sensitivity analyses are performed on the model inputs that could materially change the resulting risk assessments. Assessments are performed using different yield curve shapes, including steepenings or flattenings of the curve, immediate changes in market interest rates, and changes in the relationship of money market interest rates. Assessments are also performed on changes to the following assumptions: loan and deposit balances, the pricing of deposits without contractual maturities, changes in lending spreads, prepayments on loans and securities, investment, funding and hedging activities, and liquidity and capital management strategies. 
 
 The results of additional assessments indicate that net interest income could increase or decrease from the base simulation results presented in Figure 25. Net interest income is highly dependent on the timing, magnitude, frequency, and path of interest rate changes and the associated assumptions for deposit repricing relationships, lending spreads, and the balance behavior of transaction accounts. If fixed rate assets increase by 1 billion, or fixed rate liabilities decrease by 1 billion, then the benefit to rising rates would decrease by approximately 25 basis points. If the interest-bearing liquid deposit beta assumption increases or decreases by 5 (e.g., 40 to 45 ), then the benefit to rising rates would decrease or increase by approximately 99 basis points. 
 
 The current interest rate risk position could fluctuate to higher or lower levels of risk depending on the competitive environment and client behavior that may affect the actual volume, mix, maturity, and repricing characteristics of loan and deposit flows. Corporate Treasury discretionary activities related to funding, investing, and hedging may also change as a result of changes in customer business flows or changes in management s desired interest rate risk positioning. As changes occur to both the configuration of the balance sheet and the outlook for the economy, management proactively evaluates hedging opportunities that may change our interest rate risk profile. 
 
 Simulations are also conducted that measure the effect of changes in market interest rates in the second and third years of a three-year horizon. These simulations are conducted in a similar manner to those based on a 12-month horizon. To capture longer-term exposures, changes in the EVE are calculated as discussed in the following section. 
 
 Economic value of equity modeling. EVE complements net interest income simulation analysis as it estimates risk exposure beyond 12-, 24-, and 36-month horizons. EVE modeling measures the extent to which the economic values of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet instruments may change in response to fluctuations in interest rates. EVE is calculated by subjecting the balance sheet to an immediate increase or decrease in interest rates, measuring the resulting change in the values of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet instruments, and comparing those amounts with the base case of the current interest rate environment. EVE policy limits are measured against a +200 basis point/policy decline scenario. The policy decline scenario is equal to the current Fed Target Rate 
 79 

Table of contents 

 capped at 200 basis points. As of December 31, 2022, the policy decline scenario is minus 200 basis points. This analysis is highly dependent upon assumptions applied to assets and liabilities with non-contractual maturities. Those assumptions are based on historical behaviors, as well as forward expectations. Remediation plans are similarly developed if this analysis indicates that our EVE will decrease by more than 15 in response to an immediate increase or decrease in interest rates. The position is within these guidelines as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Management of interest rate exposure. The results of the various interest rate risk analyses are used to formulate A/LM strategies to achieve the desired risk profile while managing to objectives for capital adequacy and liquidity risk exposures. Specifically, risk positions are managed by purchasing securities, issuing term debt with floating or fixed interest rates, and using derivatives. Interest rate swaps and options are predominantly used, which modify the interest rate characteristics of certain assets and liabilities. 
 
 Figure 26 shows all swap positions held for A/LM purposes. These positions are used to convert the contractual interest rate index of agreed-upon amounts of assets and liabilities (i.e., notional amounts) to another interest rate index. For example, fixed-rate debt is converted to a floating rate through a receive fixed/pay variable interest rate swap. The volume, maturity, and mix of portfolio swaps change frequently to reflect broader A/LM objectives and the balance sheet positions to be hedged. For more information about how interest rate swaps are used to manage our risk profile, see Note 8 Derivatives and Hedging Activities ). 
 
 Figure 26. Portfolio Swaps and Options by Interest Rate Risk Management Strategy 
 December 31, 2022 Weighted-Average December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Notional Amount Fair Value Maturity (Years) Receive Rate Pay Rate Notional Amount Fair Value Receive fixed/pay variable conventional A/LM (a) 
 28,450 (1,503) 2.2 1.4 4.3 23,950 9 Receive fixed/pay variable conventional debt 10,995 (551) 4.1 2.2 4.2 7,432 137 Receive fixed/pay variable forward A/LM 1,300 (8) 3.9 3.4 4.5 850 (1) Pay fixed/receive variable conventional debt 50 1 5.5 3.7 3.6 50 (7) Pay fixed/receive variable forward securities 6,280 135 Pay fixed/receive variable securities 405 48 4.5 3.4 0.7 Total portfolio swaps 41,200 (2,013) (c) 
 2.8 1.7 4.2 38,562 273 (c) 
 
 (a) Portfolio swaps designated as A/LM are used to manage interest rate risk tied to both assets and liabilities. 
 (b) Conventional A/LM floors do not have a stated receive rate or pay rate and are given a strike price on the option. 
 (c) Excludes accrued interest of 62 million and 108 million at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 Liquidity risk management 
 Liquidity risk, which is inherent in the banking industry, is measured by our ability to accommodate liability maturities and deposit withdrawals, meet contractual obligations, and fund new business opportunities at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner, and without adverse consequences. Liquidity management involves maintaining sufficient and diverse sources of funding to accommodate planned, as well as unanticipated, changes in assets and liabilities under both normal and adverse conditions. 
 Governance structure 
 We manage liquidity for all of our affiliates on an integrated basis. This approach considers the unique funding sources available to each entity, as well as each entity s capacity to manage through adverse conditions. The approach also recognizes that adverse market conditions or other events that could negatively affect the availability or cost of liquidity will affect the access of all affiliates to sufficient wholesale funding. 
 The management of consolidated liquidity risk is centralized within Corporate Treasury. Oversight and governance is provided by the Board, the ERM Committee, the ALCO, and the Chief Risk Officer. The Asset Liability Management Policy provides the framework for the oversight and management of liquidity risk and is administered by the ALCO. The Corporate Treasury Oversight group within the MRM, as the second line of defense, provides additional oversight. Our current liquidity risk management practices are in compliance with the Federal Reserve Board s Enhanced Prudential Standards. 
 These committees regularly review liquidity and funding summaries, liquidity trends, peer comparisons, variance analyses, liquidity projections, internal liquidity stress tests, and goal tracking reports. The reviews generate a discussion of positions, trends, and directives on liquidity risk and shape a number of our decisions. When liquidity 
 80 

Table of contents 

 pressure is elevated, positions are monitored more closely and reporting is more intensive. To ensure that emerging issues are identified, we also communicate with individuals inside and outside of the company on a daily basis. 
 Factors affecting liquidity 
 
 Our liquidity could be adversely affected by both direct and indirect events. An example of a direct event would be a downgrade in our public credit ratings by a rating agency. Examples of indirect events (events unrelated to us) that could impair our access to liquidity would be an act of terrorism or war, natural disasters, global pandemics, political events, or the default or bankruptcy of a major corporation, mutual fund or hedge fund. Similarly, market speculation, or rumors about us or the banking industry in general, may adversely affect the cost and availability of normal funding sources. 
 
 Our credit ratings at December 31, 2022, are shown in Figure 27. We believe these credit ratings, under normal conditions in the capital markets, will enable KeyCorp or KeyBank to issue fixed income securities to investors. 
 Figure 27. Credit Ratings 
 December 31, 2022 Short-Term Borrowings 
 Long-Term Deposits (a) 
 Senior Long-Term Debt 
 Subordinated Long-Term Debt 
 Capital Securities 
 Preferred Stock 
 KEYCORP (THE PARENT COMPANY) 
 Standard Poor s 
 A-2 N/A BBB+ BBB BB+ BB+ Moody s 
 P-2 N/A Baa1 Baa1 Baa2 Baa3 Fitch 
 F1 N/A A- N/A BB+ BB+ DBRS 
 R-1 (low) N/A A A (low) A (low) BBB KEYBANK 
 Standard Poor s 
 A-2 N/A A- BBB+ N/A N/A Moody s P-2 P-1/A1 A3 Baa1 N/A N/A Fitch 
 F1 F1/A A- BBB+ N/A N/A DBRS 
 R-1 (middle) A (high) A (high) A N/A N/A 
 (a) P-1 rating assigned by Moody s is specific to KeyBank s short-term bank deposit ratings. F1 assigned by Fitch Ratings, Inc. is specific to KeyBank s short-term deposit ratings. 
 
 Managing liquidity risk 
 Most of our liquidity risk is derived from our business model, which involves taking in deposits, many of which can be withdrawn at anytime, and lending them out in the form of illiquid loan assets. The assessments of liquidity risk are measured under the assumption of normal operating conditions as well as under a stressed environment. We manage these exposures in accordance with our risk appetite, and within Board-approved policy limits. 
 
 We regularly monitor our liquidity position and funding sources and measure our capacity to obtain funds in a variety of hypothetical scenarios in an effort to maintain an appropriate mix of available and affordable funding. In the normal course of business, we perform a monthly internal liquidity stress test for both KeyCorp and KeyBank. In a heightened monitoring mode, we may conduct internal liquidity stress tests more frequently, and use assumptions to reflect the changed market environment. Our testing incorporates estimates for loan and deposit lives based on our historical studies. Internal liquidity stress tests analyze potential liquidity scenarios under various funding constraints and time periods. Ultimately, they determine the periodic effects that major direct and indirect events would have on our access to funding markets and our ability to fund our normal operations. To compensate for the effect of these assumed liquidity pressures, we consider alternative sources of liquidity and maturities over different time periods to project how funding needs would be managed. 
 
 Our primary sources of funding for KeyBank include customer deposits, wholesale funding, and liquid assets. We maintain a Contingency Funding Plan that outlines the process for addressing a liquidity crisis. As part of the plan, we maintain on-balance sheet liquid reserves referred to as our liquid asset portfolio, which consists of high quality liquid assets. During a problem period, that reserve could be used as a source of funding to provide time to develop and execute a longer-term strateg y. The liquid asset portfolio at December 31, 2022, totaled 35.5 billion , consisting of 33.2 billion of unpledged securities, 10 million of securities available for secured funding at the FHLB, and 2.4 billion of net balances of federal funds sold and balances in our Federal Reserve account. The liquid asset portfolio can fluctuate due to excess liquidity, heightened risk, changes in market value, or prefunding of expected outflows, such as debt maturities. Additionally, as of December 31, 2022, our unused borrowing capacity secured by loan collateral was 33.8 billion at the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland and 6.7 billion at the FHLB of Cincinnati. In 2022, Key s outstanding FHLB of Cincinnati advances increased by 10.7 billion due to an increase in borrowings. 
 81 

Table of contents 

 Conversely, excess cash generated by operating, investing, and deposit-gathering activities may be used to repay outstanding debt or invest in liquid assets. 
 Long-term liquidity strategy 
 Our long-term liquidity strategy is to be predominantly funded by core deposits. However, we may use wholesale funds to sustain an adequate liquid asset portfolio, meet daily cash demands, and allow management flexibility to execute business initiatives. Key s client-based relationship strategy provides for a strong core deposit base that, in conjunction with intermediate and long-term wholesale funds managed to a diversified maturity structure and investor base, supports our liquidity risk management strategy. We use the loan-to-deposit ratio as a metric to monitor these strategies. Our target loan-to-deposit ratio is 90-100 (at December 31, 2022, our loan-to-deposit ratio was 84.7 ), which we calculate as the sum of total loans, loans held for sale, and nonsecuritized discontinued loans divided by deposits. 
 
 Liquidity programs 
 
 We have several liquidity programs, which are described in Note 20 Long-Term Debt ), that are designed to enable KeyCorp and KeyBank to raise funds in the public and private debt markets. The proceeds from most of these programs can be used for general corporate purposes, including acquisitions. These liquidity programs are reviewed from time to time by the Board and are renewed and replaced as necessary. There are no restrictive financial covenants in any of these programs. 
 
 On August 8, 2022, KeyBank issued two notes under the bank note program: 1.25 billion of 4.15 Fixed Rate Senior Bank Notes due August 8, 2025, and 750 million of 4.90 Fixed Rate Subordinated Bank Notes due August 8, 2032. On November 15, 2022,under the bank note program, KeyBank issued 1.0 billion of 5.85 Fixed Rate Senior Bank Notes due November 15, 2027. Accordingly, at December 31, 2022, there was 17.0 billion available for issuance under the KeyBank Bank Note Program. 
 
 On January 26, 2023, KeyBank issued 500 million of 4.70 Fixed Rate Senior Bank Notes due January 26, 2026 and 1 billion of 5.00 Fixed Rate Senior Bank Notes due January 26, 2033. 
 
 Liquidity for KeyCorp 
 
 The primary source of liquidity for KeyCorp is from subsidiary dividends, primarily from KeyBank. KeyCorp has sufficient liquidity when it can service its debt; support customary corporate operations and activities (including acquisitions); support occasional guarantees of subsidiaries obligations in transactions with third parties at a reasonable cost, in a timely manner, and without adverse consequences; and fund capital distributions in the form of dividends and share buybacks. 
 
 We use a parent cash coverage months metric as the primary measure to assess parent company liquidity. The parent cash coverage months metric measures the number of months into the future where projected obligations can be met with the current quantity of liquidity. We generally issue term debt to supplement dividends from KeyBank to manage our liquidity position at or above our targeted levels. The parent company generally maintains cash and short-term investments in an amount sufficient to meet projected debt maturities over at least the next 24 months. At December 31, 2022, KeyCorp held 3.2 billion in cash and short-term investments, which we projected to be sufficient to meet our projected obligations, including the repayment of our maturing debt obligations for the periods prescribed by our risk tolerance. 
 
 Typically, KeyCorp meets its liquidity requirements through regular dividends from KeyBank, supplemented with term debt. Federal banking law limits the amount of capital distributions that a bank can make to its holding company without prior regulatory approval. A national bank s dividend-paying capacity is affected by several factors, including net profits (as defined by statute) for the two previous calendar years and for the current year, up to the date of dividend declaration. During 2022, KeyBank paid 475 million in cash dividends to KeyCorp, and d uring the fourth quarter of 2022 , KeyBank paid 75 million cash dividends to KeyCorp. At January 1, 2023, KeyBank had regulatory capacity to pay 2.3 billion in dividends to KeyCorp without prior regulatory approval. 
 
 On May 23, 2022, KeyCorp issued 600 million of 3.878 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due May 23, 2025 and 750 million of 4.789 Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Notes due June 1, 2033. The fixed rate periods for each 
 82 

Table of contents 

 issuance are effective through May 23, 2024, and June 1, 2032, respectively. Additionally, on August 24, 2022, KeyCorp issued 600 million of 6.2 fixed rate reset perpetual non-cumulative preferred stock. 
 Our liquidity position and recent activity 
 
 Over the past 12 months, our liquid asset portfolio, which includes overnight and short-term investments, as well as unencumbered, high quality liquid securities held as protection against a range of potential liquidity stress scenarios, has decreased primarily due to a reduction in Key's cash position and unencumbered securities portfolio. The liquid asset portfolio continues to exceed the amount that we estimate would be necessary to manage through an adverse liquidity event by providing sufficient time to develop and execute a longer-term solution. 
 From time to time, KeyCorp or KeyBank may seek to retire, repurchase, or exchange outstanding debt, capital securities, preferred shares, or Common Shares through cash purchase, privately negotiated transactions or other means. Additional information on repurchases of Common Shares by KeyCorp is included in Part II, Item 5. Market for the Registrant s Common Equity, Related Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities of this report. Such transactions depend on prevailing market conditions, our liquidity and capital requirements, contractual restrictions, regulatory requirements, and other factors. The amounts involved may be material, individually or collectively. 
 The Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows summarize our sources and uses of cash by type of activity for the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Credit risk management 
 Credit risk is the risk of loss arising from an obligor s inability or failure to meet contractual payment or performance terms. Like other financial services institutions, we make loans, extend credit, distribute credit risk, purchase securities, provide financial and payments products, and enter into financial derivative contracts, all of which have related credit risk. 
 Credit policy, approval, and evaluation 
 We manage credit risk exposure through a multifaceted program. The Credit Risk Committee approves management credit policies and recommends significant credit policies to the Enterprise Risk Management Committee, the KeyBank Board, and the Risk Committee of the Board for approval. These policies are communicated throughout the organization to foster a consistent approach to granting credit. 
 Our credit risk management team and certain individuals within our lines of business, to whom credit risk management has delegated limited credit authority, are responsible for credit approval. Individuals with assigned credit authority are authorized to grant exceptions to credit policies. It is not unusual to make exceptions to established policies when mitigating circumstances dictate, however, a corporate level tolerance has been established to keep exceptions at an acceptable level based upon portfolio and economic considerations. 
 Our credit risk management team uses risk models to evaluate consumer loans. These models, known as scorecards, forecast the probability of serious delinquency and default for an applicant. The scorecards are embedded in the application processing system, which allows for real-time scoring and automated decisions for many of our products. We periodically validate the loan scoring processes. 
 We maintain an active concentration management program to mitigate concentration risk in our credit portfolios. For individual obligors, we employ a sliding scale of exposure, known as hold limits, which is dictated by the type of loan and strength of the borrower. 
 83 

Table of contents 

 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 
 We estimate the appropriate level of the ALLL on at least a quarterly basis. The methodology used is described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under the heading Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses. Briefly, the ALLL estimate uses various models and estimation techniques based on our historical loss experience, current borrower characteristics, current conditions, reasonable and supportable forecasts and other relevant factors. On January 1, 2020, we adopted ASC 326, Financial Instruments Credit Losses, and as such, an expected credit loss methodology, specifically current expected credit losses for the remaining life of our loans and leases, will be used to estimate the appropriate level of the ALLL. For more information, see Note 5 Asset Quality ). 
 As shown in Figure 28, our ALLL from continuing operations increased by 276 million, or 26.0 , from December 31, 2021. The commercial ALLL increased by 176 million, or 25.6 , from December 31, 2021, driven by changes in the economic outlook as the impact from higher interest rates dampened overall growth expectations, including lower commercial real estate values, combined with strong growth in the portfolio. The consumer ALLL increased 100 million, or 26.8 , from December 31, 2021, driven by changes in the economic forecasts including higher interest rates, lower home price values and growth in the portfolio. 
 Figure 28. Allocation of the Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
 2022 2021 December 31, 
 Dollars in millions 
 Total 
 Allowance 
 Percent of 
 Allowance 
 to Total 
 Allowance 
 Percent of 
 Loan Type 
 to Total 
 Loans 
 Total 
 Allowance 
 Percent of 
 Allowance 
 to Total 
 Allowance 
 Percent of 
 Loan Type 
 to Total 
 Loans 
 Commercial and industrial 601 45.0 50.0 445 41.9 49.6 Commercial real estate: Commercial mortgage 203 15.2 13.7 182 17.2 13.9 Construction 28 2.1 2.1 29 2.7 2.0 Total commercial real estate loans 231 17.3 15.8 211 19.9 15.9 Commercial lease financing 32 2.4 3.3 32 3.0 4.0 Total commercial loans 864 64.7 69.1 688 64.8 69.5 Real estate residential mortgage 196 14.7 17.9 95 9.0 15.5 Home equity loans 98 7.3 6.6 110 10.4 8.3 Consumer direct loans 111 8.3 5.4 105 9.9 5.6 Credit cards 66 4.9 .9 61 5.7 1.0 Consumer indirect loans 2 .1 .1 2 .2 .1 Total consumer loans 473 35.3 30.9 373 35.2 30.5 Total loans (a) 
 1,337 100.0 100.0 1,061 100.0 100.0 
 (a) Excludes allocations of the ALLL related to the discontinued operations of the education lending business in the amount of 21 million at December 31, 2022, and 28 million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 Net loan charge-offs 
 Figure 29 shows the trend in our net loan charge-offs by loan type, while the composition of loan charge-offs and recoveries by type of loan is presented in Figure 31. Figure 30 shows the ratio of net charge-offs by loan category as a percentage of the respective average loan balance. 
 84 

Table of contents 

 Over the past 12 months, net loan charge-offs decreased 23 million. In 2023, we expect net loan charge-offs to average loans to be in the range of 25 to 30 basis points. 
 Figure 29. Net Loan Charge-offs from Continuing Operations 
 Year ended December 31, Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Commercial and industrial 103 91 Real estate commercial mortgage 18 31 Real estate construction (1) Commercial lease financing (a) 
 (2) (1) Total commercial loans 118 121 Real estate residential mortgage (a) 
 (7) (5) Home equity loans (2) 4 Consumer direct loans 26 21 Credit cards 24 19 Consumer indirect loans 2 24 Total consumer loans 43 63 Total net loan charge-offs 161 184 Net loan charge-offs to average loans .14 .18 Net loan charge-offs from discontinued operations education lending business 
 4 2 
 (a) Credit amounts indicate that recoveries exceeded charge-offs. 
 
 Figure 30. Net Loan Charge-offs to Average Loans from Continuing Operations 
 
 Year ended December 31, 2022 2021 Commercial and industrial 0.19 0.18 Real estate commercial mortgage 0.12 0.24 Real estate construction (0.04) Commercial lease financing (a) 
 (0.05) (0.02) Total commercial loans 0.15 0.17 Real estate residential mortgage (a) 
 (0.04) (0.04) Home equity loans (0.02) 0.04 Consumer direct loans 0.40 0.41 Credit cards 2.50 2.05 Consumer indirect loans 3.23 0.85 Total consumer loans 0.12 0.21 Total net loan charge-offs 0.14 0.18 
 (a) Credit amounts indicate that recoveries exceeded charge-offs. 
 
 85 

Table of contents 

 Figure 31. Summary of Loan and Lease Loss Experience from Continuing Operations 
 Year ended December 31, 
 Dollars in millions 
 2022 2021 Average loans outstanding 111,302 100,269 Allowance for loan and lease losses at beginning of period 1,061 1,626 Loans charged off: Commercial and industrial 153 174 Real estate commercial mortgage 23 40 Real estate construction Total commercial real estate loans (a) 
 23 40 Commercial lease financing 2 6 Total commercial loans (b) 
 178 220 Real estate residential mortgage (2) (2) Home equity loans 1 9 Consumer direct loans 34 29 Credit cards 30 27 Consumer indirect loans 4 39 Total consumer loans 67 102 Total loans charged off 245 322 Recoveries: Commercial and industrial 50 83 Real estate commercial mortgage 5 9 Real estate construction 1 Total commercial real estate loans (a) 
 6 9 Commercial lease financing 4 7 Total commercial loans (b) 
 60 99 Real estate residential mortgage 5 3 Home equity loans 3 5 Consumer direct loans 8 8 Credit cards 6 8 Consumer indirect loans 2 15 Total consumer loans 24 39 Total recoveries 84 138 Net loan charge-offs (161) (184) Provision (credit) for loan and lease losses 437 (381) Allowance for loan and lease losses at end of year 1,337 1,061 Liability for credit losses on lending-related commitments at beginning of the year 160 197 Provision (credit) for losses on lending-related commitments 65 (37) Liability for credit losses on lending-related commitments at end of the year (c) 
 225 160 Total allowance for credit losses at end of the year 1,562 1,221 Net loan charge-offs to average total loans .14 .18 Allowance for loan and lease losses to period-end loans 1.12 1.04 Allowance for credit losses to period-end loans 1.31 1.20 Allowance for loan and lease losses to nonperforming loans 345.5 233.7 Allowance for credit losses to nonperforming loans 403.6 268.9 Discontinued operations education lending business: Loans charged off 6 4 Recoveries 2 2 Net loan charge-offs (4) (2) 
 (a) See Figure 10 and the accompanying discussion in the Loans and loans held for sale section for more information related to our commercial real estate loan portfolio. 
 (b) See Figure 9 and the accompanying discussion in the Loans and loans held for sale section for more information related to our commercial loan portfolio. 
 (c) Included in accrued expense and other liabilities on the balance sheet. 
 Nonperforming assets 
 
 Figure 32 shows the composition of our nonperforming assets. As shown in Figure 32, nonperforming assets decreased 69 million during 2022. See Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under the headings Nonperforming Loans, Impaired Loans, and Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses for a summary of our nonaccrual and charge-off policies. 
 86 

Table of contents 

 Figure 32. Summary of Nonperforming Assets and Past Due Loans from Continuing Operations 
 December 31, Dollars in millions 2022 2021 Commercial and industrial 174 191 Real estate commercial mortgage 21 44 Real estate construction Total commercial real estate loans (a) 
 21 44 Commercial lease financing 1 4 Total commercial loans (b) 
 196 239 Real estate residential mortgage 77 72 Home equity loans 107 135 Consumer direct loans 3 4 Credit cards 3 3 Consumer indirect loans 1 1 Total consumer loans 191 215 Total nonperforming loans 387 454 Nonperforming loans held for sale 20 24 OREO 13 8 Other nonperforming assets 3 Total nonperforming assets 420 489 Accruing loans past due 90 days or more 60 68 Accruing loans past due 30 through 89 days 180 165 Restructured loans accruing and nonaccruing (c) 
 236 220 Restructured loans included in nonperforming loans (c) 
 118 99 Nonperforming assets from discontinued operations education lending business 3 4 Nonperforming loans to period-end portfolio loans .32 .45 Nonperforming assets to period-end portfolio loans plus OREO and other nonperforming assets (c) 
 .35 .48 
 (a) See Figure 10 and the accompanying discussion in the Loans and loans held for sale section for more information related to our commercial real estate loan portfolio. 
 (b) See Figure 9 and the accompanying discussion in the Loans and loans held for sale section for more information related to our commercial loan portfolio. 
 (c) Restructured loans (i.e., TDRs) are those for which Key, for reasons related to a borrower s financial difficulties, grants a concession to the borrower that it would not otherwise consider. See Note 5 Asset Quality for more information on our TDRs. These concessions are made to improve the collectability of the loan and generally take the form of a reduction of the interest rate, extension of the maturity date or reduction in the principal balance. 
 Figure 33 shows the types of activity that caused the change in our nonperforming loans during each of the last four quarters and the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 Figure 33. Summary of Changes in Nonperforming Loans from Continuing Operations 
 2022 Quarters Dollars in millions 2022 Fourth Third Second First 2021 Balance at beginning of period 454 390 429 439 454 785 Loans placed on nonaccrual status 398 113 80 118 87 614 Charge-offs (244) (67) (68) (59) (50) (326) Loans sold (15) (4) (3) (8) (78) Payments (113) (22) (29) (35) (27) (333) Transfers to OREO (5) (1) (1) (2) (1) (5) Loans returned to accrual status (88) (22) (18) (24) (24) (203) Balance at end of period 387 387 390 429 439 454 
 
 Operational and compliance risk management 
 
 Like all businesses, we are subject to operational risk, which is the risk of loss resulting from human error or malfeasance, inadequate or failed internal processes and systems, and external events. These events include, among other things, threats to our cybersecurity, as we are reliant upon information systems and the Internet to conduct our business activities. Operational risk intersects with compliance risk, which is the risk of loss from violations of, or noncompliance with, laws, rules and regulations, prescribed practices, and ethical standards. Under the Dodd-Frank Act, large financial companies like Key are subject to heightened prudential standards and regulation. This heightened level of regulation has increased our operational risk. While operational and compliance risk are separate risk disciplines in KeyCorp s ERM framework, losses and/or additional regulatory compliance costs are included in operational loss reporting and could take the form of explicit charges, increased operational costs, harm to our reputation, or foregone opportunities. 
 
 We seek to mitigate operational risk through identification and measurement of risk, alignment of business strategies with risk appetite and tolerance, and a system of internal controls and reporting. We continuously strive to strengthen our system of internal controls to improve the oversight of our operational risk and to ensure compliance 
 87 

Table of contents 

 with laws, rules, and regulations. For example, an operational event database tracks the amounts and sources of operational risk and losses. This tracking mechanism helps to identify weaknesses and to highlight the need to take corrective action. We also rely upon software programs designed to assist in assessing operational risk and monitoring our control processes. This technology has enhanced the reporting of the effectiveness of our controls to senior management and the Board. 
 
 The Operational Risk Management Program provides the framework for the structure, governance, roles, and responsibilities, as well as the content, to manage operational risk for Key. The Compliance Risk Management Program serves the same function in managing compliance risk for Key. The Operational Risk Committee and the Compliance Risk Committee support the ERM Committee by identifying early warning events and trends, escalating emerging risks, and discussing forward-looking assessments. Both the Operational Risk Committee and the Compliance Risk Committee include attendees from each of the Three Lines of Defense. Primary responsibility for managing and monitoring internal control mechanisms lies with the managers of our various lines of business. The Operational Risk Committee and Compliance Risk Committee are senior management committees that oversee our level of operational and compliance risk and direct and support our operational and compliance infrastructure and related activities. These committees and the Operational Risk Management and Compliance Risk Management functions are an integral part of our ERM Program. Our Risk Review function regularly assesses the overall effectiveness of our Operational Risk Management and Compliance Risk Management Programs and our system of internal controls. Risk Review reports the results of reviews on internal controls and systems to senior management and the Risk and Audit Committees and independently supports the Risk Committee s oversight of these controls. 
 
 Cybersecurity 
 
 We maintain comprehensive Cyber Incident Response Plans, and we devote significant time and resources to maintaining and regularly updating our technology systems and processes to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks, and other technology assets against attempts to obtain unauthorized access to confidential information, destroy data, disrupt or degrade service, sabotage systems, shut down access to systems for ransom, or cause other damage. As the threat landscape continues to evolve, critical infrastructure, including financial services, remains a top target for cyberattacks. The significant increase in remote working by our employees and third-party service providers inherently introduces additional risk. Additionally, we face heightened risk of cyberattacks in the near term because of recent geopolitical events, which may result in increased attacks against U.S. critical infrastructure, including financial institutions. Cyberattacks may include, but are not limited to, attacks that are intended to disrupt or disable banking services and prevent banking transactions, attempts to breach the security of systems and data, and social engineering attempts aimed at tricking employees and clients into providing sensitive information or executing financial transactions. 
 
 We also face cyberattack risks related to our third-party service providers. Cyberattacks successfully compromising or circumventing the security of the systems of our third-party service providers have resulted in, and could again in the future result in, negative consequences to us, including interfering with our third-party providers ability to fulfill their contractual obligations to us, an interruption in our business processes, or the disclosure or misappropriation of confidential information of us or that of our clients. These cyberattacks may result in regulatory consequences, reputational harm or financial loss or liability that could adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Recent high-profile cyberattacks have targeted retailers, credit bureaus, and other businesses for the purpose of acquiring the confidential information (including personal, financial, and credit card information) of their customers. Recently, there have also been numerous highly publicized cases where hackers requested ransom payments in exchange for not disclosing customer information or to restore company access to locked systems. We have incurred, and may again incur, expenses related to the investigation of cyberattacks involving third-party providers or related to the protection of our clients from identity theft as a result of such attacks. We have also incurred, and may continue to incur, expenses to enhance our systems or processes to protect against cyber or other security incidents. 
 
 Risks and exposures related to cyberattacks are expected to remain high for the foreseeable future due to the rapidly evolving nature and sophistication of these threats, as well as due to the expanding use of Internet banking, mobile banking, and other technology-based products and services by us and our clients. To date, Key has not experienced material disruption of our operations, or material harm to our client base, as a result of the heightened threat landscape of cyberattacks. 
 
 As described in more detail in Risk Management Overview in Item 7 of this report, the Board serves in an oversight capacity ensuring that Key s risks are managed in a manner that is effective and balanced and adds value 
 88 

Table of contents 

 for the shareholders. The Board s Risk Committee has primary oversight for enterprise-wide risk at KeyCorp, including operational risk (which includes cybersecurity). The Risk Committee reviews and provides oversight of management s activities related to the enterprise-wide risk management framework, including cyber-related risk. Board members are updated on cybersecurity matters at each regularly-scheduled Board meeting. The ERM Committee, chaired by the Chief Executive Officer and comprising other senior level executives, is responsible for managing risk (including cyber-related risk) and ensuring that the corporate risk profile is managed in a manner consistent with our risk appetite. The ERM Committee reports to the Board s Risk Committee. 

GAAP to Non-GAAP Reconciliations 

Non-GAAP financial measures have inherent limitations, are not required to be uniformly applied, and are not 
 audited. Although these non-GAAP financial measures are frequently used by investors to evaluate a company, 
 they have limitations as analytical tools, and should not be considered in isolation, nor as a substitute for analyses 
 of results as reported under GAAP. 
 
 The tangible common equity ratio and the return on tangible common equity ratio have been a focus for some investors, and management believes that these ratios may assist investors in analyzing Key s capital position without regard to the effects of intangible assets and preferred stock. Since analysts and banking regulators may assess our capital adequacy using tangible common equity, we believe it is useful to enable investors to assess our capital adequacy on these same bases. 
 Year ended December 31, 
 Dollars in millions 2022 2021 2020 Tangible common equity to tangible assets at period end Key shareholders equity (GAAP) 13,454 17,423 17,981 Less: Intangible assets (a) 
 2,844 2,820 2,848 Preferred Stock (b) 
 2,446 1,856 1,856 Tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 8,164 12,747 13,277 Total assets (GAAP) 189,813 186,346 170,336 Less: Intangible assets (a) 
 2,844 2,820 2,848 Tangible assets (non-GAAP) 186,969 183,526 167,488 Tangible common equity to tangible assets ratio (non-GAAP) 4.37 6.95 7.93 Average tangible common equity Average Key shareholders equity (GAAP) 14,730 17,665 17,636 Less: Intangible assets (average) (c) 
 2,839 2,829 2,878 Preferred Stock (average) 2,114 1,900 1,900 Average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 9,777 12,936 12,858 Return on average tangible common equity from continuing operations Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Key common shareholders (GAAP) 
 1,793 2,506 1,223 Average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 9,777 12,936 12,858 Return on average tangible common equity from continuing operations (non-GAAP) 
 18.34 19.37 9.51 Return on average tangible common equity consolidated Net income (loss) attributable to Key common shareholders (GAAP) 1,799 2,519 1,237 Average tangible common equity (non-GAAP) 9,777 12,936 12,858 Return on average tangible common equity consolidated (non-GAAP) 18.40 19.47 9.62 
 (a) For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020,, intangible assets exclude 2 million, 3 million, and 4 million, respectively, of period-end purchased credit card relationships. 
 (b) Net of capital surplus. 
 (c) For the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, average intangible assets exclude 2 million, 4 million, and 6 million, respectively, of average purchased credit card relationships. 
 
 The cash efficiency ratio is a ratio of two non-GAAP performance measures, adjusted noninterest expense and total taxable-equivalent revenue. Accordingly, there is no directly comparable GAAP performance measure. The cash efficiency ratio excludes the impact of our intangible asset amortization from the calculation. We believe this ratio provides greater consistency and comparability between our results and those of our peer banks. Additionally, this ratio is used by analysts and investors to evaluate how effectively management is controlling noninterest expenses in generating revenue, as they develop earnings forecasts and peer bank analysis. 
 89 

Table of contents 

 Year ended December 31, 
 Dollars in millions 2022 2021 2020 Cash efficiency ratio Noninterest expense (GAAP) 4,410 4,429 4,109 Less: Intangible asset amortization (GAAP) 47 58 65 Adjusted noninterest expense (non-GAAP) 4,363 4,371 4,044 Net interest income (GAAP) 4,527 4,071 4,034 Plus: TE adjustment 27 27 29 Noninterest income (GAAP) 2,718 3,194 2,652 Total TE revenue (non-GAAP) 7,272 7,292 6,715 Cash efficiency ratio (non-GAAP) 60.0 59.9 60.2 
 
 Critical Accounting Policies and Estimates 
 Our business is dynamic and complex. Consequently, we must exercise judgment in choosing and applying accounting policies and methodologies. These choices are critical; not only are they necessary to comply with GAAP, they also reflect our view of the appropriate way to record and report our overall financial performance. All accounting policies are important, and all policies described in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies should be reviewed for a greater understanding of how we record and report our financial performance. 
 In our opinion, some accounting policies are more likely than others to have a critical effect on our financial results and to expose those results to potentially greater volatility. These policies apply to areas of relatively greater business importance, or require us to exercise judgment and to make assumptions and estimates that affect amounts reported in the financial statements. Because these assumptions and estimates are based on current circumstances, they may prove to be inaccurate, or we may find it necessary to change them. The following is a description of our current critical accounting policies. 
 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses 
 The allowance for loan and lease losses represents management s estimate of all expected credit losses over the expected contractual life of our existing loan portfolio. Determining the appropriateness of the allowance is complex and requires judgment by management about the effect of matters that are inherently uncertain. These critical estimates include significant use of our own historical data and complex methods to interpret them. We have an ongoing process to evaluate and enhance the quality, quantity, and timeliness of our data and interpretation methods used in the determination of these allowances. These evaluations are inherently subjective, as they require material estimates and may be susceptible to significant change, and include, among others: 
 
 PD, 
 LGD, 
 Outstanding balance of the loan, 
 Movement through delinquency stages, 
 Amounts and timing of expected future cash flows, 
 Value of collateral, which may be obtained from third parties, 
 Economic forecasts which are obtained from a third party provider, and 
 Qualitative factors, such as changes in current economic conditions, that may not be reflected in modeled results. 
 
 As described in our accounting policy related to the ALLL in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies of this report under the heading Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses," we employ a disciplined process and methodology to establish our ALLL, which has three main components: (i) asset specific / individual loan reserves; (ii) quantitative (formulaic or pooled) reserves; and (iii) qualitative (judgmental) reserves. 
 
 We use a non-DCF factor-based approach to estimate expected credit losses that include component PD/LGD/EAD models as well as less complex estimation methods for smaller loan portfolios. Probability of default models estimate the likelihood a borrower will cease making payments as agreed. These models use observed loan-level information and projected paths of macroeconomic variables. Borrower credit attributes including FICO scores of consumers and internally assigned risk ratings for commercial borrowers are significant inputs to the models. Consumer FICO scores are refreshed quarterly and commercial risk ratings are updated annually with select borrowers updated more frequently. The macroeconomic trends that have a significant impact on the probability of 
 90 

Table of contents 

 default vary by portfolio segment. Exposure at default models estimate the loan balance at the time the borrower stops making payments. We use an amortization based formulaic approach to estimate account level EAD for all 
 term loans. We use portfolio specific methods in each of our revolving product portfolios. LGD models estimate the loss we will suffer once a loan is in default. Account level inputs to LGD models include collateral attributes, such as loan to value. 
 
 If we observe limitations in the data or models, we use model overlays to make adjustments to model outputs to capture a particular risk or compensate for a known limitation. These variables and others may result in actual loan losses that differ from the originally estimated amounts. 
 
 This estimate produced by our models is forward-looking and requires management to use forecasts about future economic conditions to determine the expected credit loss over the remaining life of an instrument. Moody s Consensus forecast is the source of macroeconomic projections, including the interest rate forecasts used in the credit models. We use a two year reasonable and supportable period across all products to forecast economic conditions. As the length of the life of a financial asset increases, these inputs may become impractical to estimate as reasonable and supportable. We believe the two year time horizon appropriately aligns with our business planning, available industry guidance, and reliability of various forecasting services. Following this two year period in which supportable forecasts can be generated, for all modeled loan portfolios, we revert expected credit losses to a level that is consistent with our historical information by reverting the macroeconomic variables (model inputs) to their long run average. We revert to historical loss rates for less complex estimation methods for smaller portfolios. 
 A four quarter reversion period is used where the macroeconomic variables linearly revert to their long run average following the two year reasonable and supportable period. We use a 20 year lookback period for determining long run historical average of the macroeconomic variables. We determined the 20 year lookback period is appropriate as it captures the previous two economic cycles as well as the impact from the pandemic. 
 
 The ALLL is sensitive to various macroeconomic drivers such as GDP and unemployment as well as portfolio attributes such as remaining term, outstanding balance, risk ratings, FICO, LTV, and delinquency status. Our ALLL models were designed to capture the correlation between economic and portfolio changes. As such, evaluating shifts in individual portfolio attributes and macroeconomic variables in isolation may not be indicative of past or future performance. 
 
 It is difficult to estimate how potential changes in any one factor or input might affect the overall ALLL because we consider a wide variety of factors and inputs in estimating the ALLL. Changes in the factors and inputs considered may not occur at the same rate and may not be consistent across all geographies or product types, and changes in factors and input may be directionally inconsistent, such that improvement in one factor may offset deterioration in others. However, to consider the impact of a hypothetical alternate economic forecast, we compare the modeled quantitative allowance results using a downside economic scenario. The maximum difference in the quarterly macroeconomic variables between the base and downside scenarios over the two year reasonable and supportable period includes an approximate 7 decline in GDP annualized growth and an approximate 3 increase in the U.S. unemployment rate. The difference between these two scenarios would have driven an increase of approximately 1.6x for commercial and 1.5x for the consumer modeled allowance results. 
 
 Similarly, deteriorating conditions for portfolio factors were also considered by moderately stressing key portfolio drivers, relative to the baseline portfolio conditions. Stressing risk ratings by two ratings for commercial loans generates a 1.6x increase in the commercial modeled allowance results. Stressing FICO by ten points, and LTV and utilization by 10 for consumer loans generates a 1.2x increase in the consumer modeled allowance results. 
 
 Note that these analyses demonstrate the sensitivity of the ALLL to key quantitative assumptions, but exclude potential impacts to non-modeled allowance components and reserves for individually assessed loans. Furthermore, these analyses are not intended to estimate changes in the overall ALLL as they do not reflect qualitative factors, changes in current economic conditions that may not be reflected in quantitatively derived results, and other relevant factors that must be considered to ensure the ALLL reflects our best estimate of current expected credit losses. 

91 

Table of contents 

 Valuation methodologies 
 Fair value measurements 
 
 We measure or monitor many of our assets and liabilities on a fair value basis. Fair value is generally defined as the price that would be received to sell an asset or paid to transfer a liability (an exit price) as opposed to the price that would be paid to acquire the asset or received to assume the liability (an entry price), in an orderly transaction between market participants at the measurement date under current market conditions. While management uses judgment when determining the price at which willing market participants would transact when there has been a significant decrease in the volume or level of activity for the asset or liability in relation to normal market activity, management s objective is to determine the point within the range of fair value estimates that is most representative of a sale to a third-party investor under current market conditions. The value to us if the asset or liability were held to maturity is not included in the fair value estimates. 
 
 A fair value measure should reflect the assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability, including the assumptions about the risk inherent in a particular valuation technique, the effect of a restriction on the sale or use of an asset and the risk of nonperformance. Fair value is measured based on a variety of inputs. Fair value may be based on quoted market prices for identical assets or liabilities traded in active markets (Level 1 valuations). If market prices are not available, quoted market prices for similar instruments traded in active markets, quoted prices for identical or similar instruments in markets that are not active, or model-based valuation techniques for which all significant assumptions are observable in the market are used (Level 2 valuations). Where observable market data is not available, the valuation is generated from model based techniques that use significant assumptions not observable in the market, but observable based on our specific data (Level 3 valuations). Unobservable assumptions reflect our estimates for assumptions that market participants would use in pricing the asset or liability. Valuation techniques typically include option pricing models, discounted cash flow models and similar techniques, but may also include the use of market prices of assets or liabilities that are not directly comparable to the subject asset or liability. 
 
 The selection and weighting of the various fair value techniques may result in a fair value higher or lower than carrying value. Considerable judgment may be involved in determining the amount that is most representative of fair value. 
 
 For assets and liabilities recorded at fair value, our policy is to maximize the use of observable inputs 
 and minimize the use of unobservable inputs when developing fair value measurements for those items where there 
 is an active market. In certain cases, when market observable inputs for model-based valuation techniques may not 
 be readily available, we are required to make judgments about assumptions market participants would use 
 in estimating the fair value of the financial instrument. The models used to determine fair value adjustments are 
 regularly evaluated by management for relevance under current facts and circumstances. 
 
 Changes in market conditions may reduce the availability of quoted prices or observable data. For example, reduced liquidity in the capital markets or changes in secondary market activities could result in observable market inputs becoming unavailable. When market data is not available, we use valuation techniques requiring more management judgment to estimate the appropriate fair value. 
 
 Fair value is used on a recurring basis for certain assets and liabilities in which fair value is the primary measure of 
 accounting. Fair value is used on a nonrecurring basis to measure certain assets or liabilities (including held-to-maturity securities, commercial loans held for sale, and OREO) for impairment or for disclosure purposes in accordance with current accounting guidance. 
 
 Impairment analysis also relates to long-lived assets and core deposit and other intangible assets. An 
 impairment loss is recognized if the carrying amount of the asset is not likely to be recoverable and exceeds its fair 
 value. In determining the fair value, management uses models and applies the techniques and assumptions 
 previously discussed. 
 See Note 1 under the heading Fair Value Measurements and Note 6 Fair Value Measurements for a detailed discussion of determining fair value, including pricing validation processes. 
 
 92 

Table of contents 

 Goodwill 
 
 The valuation and testing methodologies used in our analysis of goodwill impairment are summarized in Note 1 
 under the heading Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets. Goodwill is initially recorded as the excess of the purchase price over the fair value of net assets acquired in a business combination. Goodwill is tested for impairment for all three of our reporting units: Consumer Bank, Commercial Bank and Institutional Bank. We perform our annual impairment test as of October 1st and on an interim basis if events or changes in circumstances between annual tests suggest additional testing is needed. Testing may be either quantitative or qualitative. Fair value is measured during quantitative tests using a combination of income and market approaches. If the fair value of a reporting unit declines below its carrying value, an impairment charge will be recognized for any amount by which the carrying value exceeds the reporting unit s fair value, to the extent that the loss recognized does not exceed the amount of the goodwill allocated to that reporting unit. When utilizing the qualitative testing approach, Key examines numerous qualitative factors such as financial performance, market capitalization and other industry and economic trends to conclude whether it is more likely than not that goodwill is impaired. 
 
 We monitor impairment indicators for goodwill and other intangible assets and evaluate the carrying amount of these assets quarterly. Additional information is provided in Note 12 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets ). 
 
 Derivatives and hedging 
 We primarily use interest rate swaps to hedge interest rate risk for asset and liability management purposes. These derivative instruments modify the interest rate characteristics of specified on-balance sheet assets and liabilities. Our accounting policies related to derivatives reflect the current accounting guidance, which provides that all derivatives should be recognized as either assets or liabilities on the balance sheet at fair value, after taking into account the effects of master netting agreements. Accounting for changes in the fair value (i.e., gains or losses) of a particular derivative depends on whether the derivative has been designated and qualifies as part of a hedging relationship, and further, on the type of hedging relationship. 
 The application of hedge accounting requires significant judgment to interpret the relevant accounting guidance, as well as to assess hedge effectiveness, identify similar hedged item groupings, and measure changes in the fair value of the hedged items. We believe our methods of addressing these judgments and applying the accounting guidance are consistent with both the guidance and industry practices. Additional information relating to our use of derivatives is included in Note 1 under the heading Derivatives and Hedging, and Note 8 Derivatives and Hedging Activities ). 
 
 Contingent liabilities, guarantees and income taxes 
 Note 22 Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Guarantees summarizes contingent liabilities arising from litigation and contingent liabilities arising from guarantees in various agreements with third parties under which we are a guarantor, and the potential effects of these items on the results of our operations. We record a liability for the fair value of the obligation to stand ready to perform over the term of a guarantee. Contingent aspects of guarantees within the scope of ASC 326 are assessed a reserve under CECL. There is a risk that our actual future payments in the event of a default by the guaranteed party could exceed the recorded amount. See Note 22 Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Guarantees for a comparison of the liability recorded and the maximum potential undiscounted future payments for the various types of guarantees that we had outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 It is not always clear how the Internal Revenue Code and various state tax laws apply to transactions that we undertake. In the normal course of business, we may record tax benefits and then have those benefits contested by the IRS or state tax authorities. We have provided tax reserves that we believe are adequate to absorb potential adjustments that such challenges may necessitate. However, if our judgment later proves to be inaccurate, the tax reserves may need to be adjusted, which could have an adverse effect on our results of operations and capital. 
 Additionally, we conduct quarterly assessments that determine the amount of deferred tax assets that are more-likely-than-not to be realized, and therefore recorded. The available evidence used in connection with these assessments includes a history of pretax income, projected future taxable income, potential tax-planning strategies, and projected future reversals of deferred tax liabilities. These assessments are subjective and may change. Based on these criteria, and all available positive and negative evidence, we establish a valuation allowance for deferred tax assets when we are unable to conclude it is more likely than not that they will be realized. However, if our assessments prove incorrect, they could have a material adverse effect on our results of operations in the period in 
 93 

Table of contents 

 which they occur. For further information on our accounting for income taxes, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies and Note 14 Income Taxes ). 

Accounting and reporting developments 
 
 Accounting guidance pending adoption 
 Standard Required Adoption Description Effect on Financial Statements or Other Significant Matters ASU 2022-03, Fair Value Measurement - Fair Value Measurement of Equity Securities Subject to Contractual Sale Restrictions (Topic 820) January 1, 2024 Early adoption is permitted. The amendments clarify that a contractual restriction on the sale of an equity security is not considered part of the unit of account of the equity security and is not considered in measuring fair value. Entities cannot, as a separate unit of account, recognize and measure a contractual sale restriction. The amendments require disclosures for equity securities subject to contractual restrictions including; the fair value of equity securities subject to contractual sale restrictions reflected in the balance sheet, the nature and remaining duration of the restriction(s) and the circumstances that could cause a lapse in the restriction(s). The guidance should be applied prospectively with any adjustments from the adoption of the amendments recognized in earnings and disclosed on the date of adoption. The guidance is not expected to have a material impact on Key s financial condition or results of operations. 

ITEM 7A. QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 
 The information included under the caption Risk Management Market risk management in the MD A beginning on page 74 is incorporated herein by reference. 
 94 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 8. FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA 
 
 Page Number Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 96 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 97 
 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 
 98 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 100 
 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 101 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 102 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 103 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 104 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 105 
 Note 1. Summary of Significant Accounting Policies 
 105 
 Note 2. Earnings Per Common Share 
 116 
 Note 3. Restrictions on Cash, Dividends and Lending Activities 
 117 
 Note 4. Loan Portfolio 
 117 
 Note 5. Asset Quality 
 118 
 Note 6. Fair Value Measurements 
 125 
 Note 7. Securities 
 135 
 Note 8. Derivatives and Hedging Activities 
 137 
 Note 9. Mortgage Servicing Assets 
 144 
 Note 10. Leases 
 145 
 Note 11. Premises and Equipment 
 148 
 Note 12. Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 148 
 Note 13. Variable Interest Entities 
 149 
 Note 14. Income Taxes 
 151 
 Note 15. Acquisitions and Discontinued Operations 
 153 
 Note 16. Securities Financing Activities 
 154 
 Note 17. Stock-Based Compensation 
 154 
 Note 18. Employee Benefits 
 157 
 Note 19. Short-Term Borrowings 
 163 
 Note 20. Long-Term Debt 
 164 
 Note 21. Trust Preferred Securities Issued by Unconsolidated Subsidiaries 
 165 
 Note 22. Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Guarantees 
 166 
 Note 23. Accumulated Other Comprehensive Income 
 169 
 Note 24. Shareholders Equity 
 170 
 Note 25. Business Segment Reporting 
 171 
 Note 26. Condensed Financial Information of the Parent Company 
 174 
 Note 27. Revenue from Contracts with Customers 
 175 
 
 95 

Table of contents 

 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We are responsible for the preparation, content and integrity of the financial statements and other statistical data and analyses compiled for this annual report. The financial statements and related notes have been prepared in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles and include amounts which of necessity are based on management s best estimates and judgments and give due consideration to materiality. We believe the financial statements and notes present fairly our financial position, results of operations and cash flows in all material respects. 
 
 We are responsible for establishing and maintaining a system of internal control that is designed to protect our assets and the integrity of our financial reporting as defined in the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. This corporate-wide system of controls includes policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the Corporation; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of the consolidated financial statements in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the Corporation are made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the Corporation; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use or disposition of the Corporation s assets that could have a material effect on the consolidated financial statements. All employees are required to comply with our code of ethics. We conduct an annual certification process to ensure that our employees meet this obligation. Although any system of internal control can be compromised by human error or intentional circumvention of required procedures, we believe our system provides reasonable assurance that financial transactions are recorded and reported properly, providing an adequate basis for reliable financial statements. 
 
 During 2022, the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors met regularly with Management, internal audit, and the independent registered public accounting firm, , to review the scope of their audits and to discuss the evaluation of internal accounting controls and financial reporting matters. The independent registered public accounting firm and the internal auditors have free access to, and meet confidentially with, the audit committee to discuss appropriate matters. Also, the Corporation maintains a Disclosure Review Committee. This committee s purpose is to design and maintain disclosure controls and procedures to ensure that material information relating to the financial and operating condition of the Corporation is properly reported to its Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, General Auditor, and the Audit Committee of the Board of Directors in connection with the preparation and filing of periodic reports and the certification of those reports by the Chief Executive Officer and the Chief Financial Officer. 
 
 Management s Assessment of Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 Management assessed, with participation of the Corporation s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, the effectiveness of our internal control and procedures over financial reporting using criteria described in Internal Control - Integrated Framework, issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework). Based on that assessment, we believe we maintained an effective system of internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 Because of inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 The Corporation's internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, has been audited by Ernst Young LLP, an independent registered public accounting firm, as stated in their accompanying report dated February 22, 2023. 

Christopher M. Gorman Donald R. Kimble 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer Chief Financial Officer 
 96 

Table of contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of KeyCorp 
 
 Opinion on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 
 
 We have audited KeyCorp s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) (the COSO criteria). In our opinion, KeyCorp maintained, in all material respects, effective internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on the COSO criteria. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), the consolidated balance sheets of KeyCorp as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 KeyCorp s management is responsible for maintaining effective internal control over financial reporting and for its assessment of the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting included in the accompanying Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on KeyCorp s internal control over financial reporting based on our audit. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to KeyCorp in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audit in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether effective internal control over financial reporting was maintained in all material respects. 
 Our audit included obtaining an understanding of internal control over financial reporting, assessing the risk that a material weakness exists, testing and evaluating the design and operating effectiveness of internal control based on the assessed risk, and performing such other procedures as we considered necessary in the circumstances. We believe that our audit provides a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Definition and Limitations of Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 
 A company s internal control over financial reporting is a process designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. A company s internal control over financial reporting includes those policies and procedures that (1) pertain to the maintenance of records that, in reasonable detail, accurately and fairly reflect the transactions and dispositions of the assets of the company; (2) provide reasonable assurance that transactions are recorded as necessary to permit preparation of financial statements in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles, and that receipts and expenditures of the company are being made only in accordance with authorizations of management and directors of the company; and (3) provide reasonable assurance regarding prevention or timely detection of unauthorized acquisition, use, or disposition of the company s assets that could have a material effect on the financial statements. 
 Because of its inherent limitations, internal control over financial reporting may not prevent or detect misstatements. Also, projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 
 
 February 22, 2023 
 97 

Table of contents 

 Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 
 
 To the Shareholders and the Board of Directors of KeyCorp 
 
 Opinion on the Financial Statements 
 
 We have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of KeyCorp as of December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the related consolidated statements of income, comprehensive income, changes in equity, and cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the consolidated financial statements ). In our opinion, the consolidated financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of KeyCorp at December 31, 2022 and 2021 , and the consolidated results of its operations and its cash flows for each of the three years in the period ended December 31, 2022, in conformity with U.S. generally accepted accounting principles. 
 We also have audited, in accordance with the standards of the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) (PCAOB), KeyCorp s internal control over financial reporting as of December 31, 2022, based on criteria established in Internal Control-Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations of the Treadway Commission (2013 framework) and our report dated February 22, 2023 expressed an unqualified opinion thereon. 
 
 Basis for Opinion 
 
 These financial statements are the responsibility of KeyCorp s management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on KeyCorp s financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the PCAOB and are required to be independent with respect to KeyCorp in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 
 We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audit to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 
 Critical Audit Matter 
 The critical audit matter communicated below is a matter arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that was communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relates to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective or complex judgments. The communication of the critical audit matter does not alter in any way our opinion on the consolidated financial statements, taken as a whole, and we are not, by communicating the critical audit matter below, providing a separate opinion on the critical audit matter or on the account or disclosure to which it relates. 
 
 98 

Table of contents 

 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses Description of the matter KeyCorp s loan and lease portfolio totaled 119.4 billion as of December 31, 2022 and the associated ALLL was 1.3 billion. As discussed in Note 1 and 5 of the financial statements, the ALLL represents management s current estimate of lifetime credit losses inherent in the loan portfolio at the balance sheet date. Management estimates the ALLL using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current portfolio specific and economic conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. The ALLL is the sum of (i) asset specific / individual loan reserves; (ii) quantitative (formulaic or pooled) reserves; and (iii) 
 qualitative (judgmental) reserves. Management estimates the quantitative reserves using probability of default / loss given default / exposure at default models loss forecasting models ), as well as other estimation methods for smaller loan portfolios. The ALLL also considers qualitative factors related to idiosyncratic risk factors, changes in current economic conditions that may not be reflected in quantitatively derived results, and other relevant factors to reflect management s best estimate of current expected credit losses. 
 
 Auditing management s ALLL was complex due to the loss forecasting models used to compute the quantitative reserve and involves a high degree of subjectivity and judgment in evaluating management s determination of the economic forecast and qualitative factor adjustments to the ALLL described above. 
 How we addressed the matter in our audit We obtained an understanding, evaluated the design and tested the operating effectiveness of controls over the KeyCorp s ALLL process, including controls over the appropriateness of the ALLL methodology, the development, operation and monitoring of loss forecasting models, the reliability and accuracy of data used in developing the ALLL estimate, and management s review and approval process over the economic forecast, qualitative adjustments and overall ALLL results. 
 
 With the assistance of EY specialists we tested management s loss forecasting models including evaluating the conceptual soundness of model methodology, assessing model performance and governance, testing key modeling assumptions, including the reasonable and supportable forecast period, and independently recalculating model output. We also verified the underlying economic forecast data used to estimate the quantitative reserve was complete and accurate. 
 
 To test the qualitative factor adjustments, among other procedures, we assessed management s methodology and considered whether relevant risks were reflected in the models and whether adjustments to the model output were appropriate. We tested the completeness, accuracy and relevance of the underlying data used to estimate the qualitative adjustments. We evaluated whether qualitative adjustments were reasonable based on changes in economic conditions, the loan portfolio, management s policies and procedures, and lending personnel. For example, we 
 evaluated the reasonableness of qualitative adjustments (or lack thereof) for concentrations of credit by independently comparing to loan portfolio information. We also assessed whether qualitative adjustments were consistent with publicly available information (e.g. macroeconomic data). Further, we performed an independent search for the existence of new or contrary information relating to risks impacting the qualitative factor adjustments to validate that management s considerations are appropriate. Additionally, we evaluated whether the overall ALLL, inclusive of qualitative factor adjustments, appropriately reflects losses expected in the loan and lease portfolio by comparing to peer bank data. 

We have served as KeyCorp s auditor since 1994. Cleveland, Ohio February 22, 2023 

99 

Table of contents 

Consolidated Balance Sheets 
 December 31, Dollars in millions, except per share data 2022 2021 ASSETS Cash and due from banks Short-term investments Trading account assets Securities available for sale Held-to-maturity securities (fair value: and 
 Other investments Loans, net of unearned income of and 
 Allowance for loan and lease losses ) ) Net loans Loans held for sale (a) 
 Premises and equipment Goodwill Other intangible assets Corporate-owned life insurance Accrued income and other assets Discontinued assets Total assets LIABILITIES Deposits in domestic offices: NOW and money market deposit accounts Savings deposits Certificates of deposit or more) 
 Other time deposits Total interest-bearing deposits Noninterest-bearing deposits Total deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Bank notes and other short-term borrowings Accrued expense and other liabilities Long-term debt Total liabilities EQUITY Preferred stock Common Shares, par value; authorized and shares; issued and shares 
 Capital surplus Retained earnings Treasury stock, at cost and shares) 
 ) ) Accumulated other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Total equity Total liabilities and equity 
 (a) million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021 . 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 
 100 

Table of contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Income 
 Year ended December 31, Dollars in millions, except per share amounts 2022 2021 2020 INTEREST INCOME Loans Loans held for sale Securities available for sale Held-to-maturity securities Trading account assets Short-term investments Other investments Total interest income INTEREST EXPENSE Deposits Federal funds purchased and securities sold under repurchase agreements Bank notes and other short-term borrowings Long-term debt Total interest expense NET INTEREST INCOME Provision for credit losses ) Net interest income after provision for credit losses NONINTEREST INCOME Trust and investment services income Investment banking and debt placement fees Service charges on deposit accounts Operating lease income and other leasing gains Corporate services income Cards and payments income Corporate-owned life insurance income Consumer mortgage income Commercial mortgage servicing fees Other income (a) 
 Total noninterest income NONINTEREST EXPENSE Personnel Net occupancy Computer processing Business services and professional fees Equipment Operating lease expense Marketing Other expense Total noninterest expense INCOME (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS BEFORE INCOME TAXES Income taxes INCOME (LOSS) FROM CONTINUING OPERATIONS Income (loss) from discontinued operations NET INCOME (LOSS) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO KEY Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Key common shareholders Net income (loss) attributable to Key common shareholders Per Common Share: Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Key common shareholders Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes Net income (loss) attributable to Key common shareholders (b) 
 Per Common Share assuming dilution: Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Key common shareholders Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes Net income (loss) attributable to Key common shareholders (b) 
 Weighted-average Common Shares outstanding (000) Effect of convertible preferred stock Effect of Common Share options and other stock awards Weighted-average Common Shares and potential Common Shares outstanding (000) (c) 
 
 (a) million for the year ended December 31, 2022, million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. For 2022, 2021, and 2020, we did not have any impairment losses related to securities. 
 (b) 
 (c) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 101 

Table of contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income 
 Year ended December 31, Dollars in millions 2022 2021 2020 Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax: Net unrealized gains (losses) on securities available for sale, net of income taxes of , , and ) 
 ) ) Net unrealized gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments, net of income taxes of , , and ) 
 ) ) Net pension and postretirement benefit costs, net of income taxes of , ), and ) 
 ) Total other comprehensive income (loss), net of tax ) ) Comprehensive income (loss) attributable to Key ) 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 
 102 

Table of contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity 
 Key Shareholders Equity Dollars in millions, except per share amounts Preferred 
 Shares 
 Outstanding 
 (000) 
 Common 
 Shares 
 Outstanding 
 (000) 
 Preferred 
 Stock 
 Common 
 Shares 
 Capital 
 Surplus 
 Retained 
 Earnings 
 Treasury 
 Stock, at 
 Cost 
 Accumulated 
 Other 
 Comprehensive 
 Income 
 (Loss) 
 Total Shareholder s Equity BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2019 ) Cumulative effect from changes in accounting principle (a) 
 ) ) Net income (loss) Other reclassification of AOCI ) ) Other comprehensive income (loss) Deferred compensation Cash dividends declared Common Shares per share) 
 ) ) Series D Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Series E Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Series F Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Series G Preferred Stock . per depositary share) 
 ) ) Open market Common Share repurchases ) ) ) Employee equity compensation program Common Share repurchases ) ) ) ) Common shares reissued (returned) for stock options and other employee benefit plans BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2020 ) Net income (loss) 
 Other comprehensive income (loss) 
 ) ) Deferred compensation 
 Cash dividends declared 
 Common Shares per share) 
 ) ) Series D Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Series E Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Series F Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Series G Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Open market Common Share repurchases 
 ) ) ) Employee equity compensation program Common Share repurchases 
 ) ) ) Common Shares reissued (returned) for stock options and other employee benefit plans ) Common Share repurchases under ASR program (b) ) ) ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 ) ) Net income (loss) Other comprehensive income (loss) ) ) Deferred compensation ) ) Cash dividends declared Common Shares per share) 
 ) ) Series D Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Series E Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Series F Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Series G Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Series H Preferred Stock per depositary share) 
 ) ) Open market Common Share repurchases Employee equity compensation program Common Share repurchases ) ) ) Common Shares reissued (returned) for stock options and other employee benefit plans Issuance of Series H Preferred stock ) BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 ) ) 
 (a) 
 (b) See Note 24 Shareholders' Equity for additional detail regarding ASR program. 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 
 103 

Table of contents 

 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows 
 Year ended December 31, Dollars in millions 2022 2021 2020 OPERATING ACTIVITIES Net income (loss) Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Provision for credit losses ) Depreciation and amortization expense, net Accretion of acquired loans Increase in cash surrender value of corporate-owned life insurance ) ) ) Stock-based compensation expense Deferred income taxes (benefit) ) ) Proceeds from sales of loans held for sale Originations of loans held for sale, net of repayments ) ) ) Net losses (gains) from sale of loans held for sale ) ) ) Net losses (gains) on leased equipment ) ) Net securities losses (gains) ) ) ) Net losses (gains) on sales of fixed assets ) Net decrease (increase) in trading account assets ) Other operating activities, net ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES INVESTING ACTIVITIES Purchases of intangible assets via acquisitions ) Cash received (used) in acquisitions, net of cash acquired ) ) Net decrease (increase) in short-term investments, excluding acquisitions ) Purchases of securities available for sale ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of securities available for sale Proceeds from prepayments and maturities of securities available for sale Proceeds from prepayments and maturities of held-to-maturity securities Purchases of held-to-maturity securities ) ) ) Purchases of other investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of other investments Proceeds from prepayments and maturities of other investments Net decrease (increase) in loans, excluding acquisitions, sales, and transfers ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of portfolio loans Proceeds from corporate-owned life insurance Purchases of premises, equipment, and software ) ) ) Proceeds from sales of premises and equipment NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net increase (decrease) in deposits, excluding acquisitions ) Net increase (decrease) in short-term borrowings ) ) Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) ) Issuance of preferred shares Open market common share repurchases ) ) Employee equity compensation program Common Share repurchases ) ) ) Common share purchases under ASR program ) Net proceeds from reissuance of Common Shares Cash dividends paid ) ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS ) ) CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS AT END OF YEAR Additional disclosures relative to cash flows: Interest paid Income taxes paid Noncash items: Reduction of secured borrowing and related collateral Loans transferred to portfolio from held for sale Loans transferred to held for sale from portfolio Loans transferred to other real estate owned CMBS risk retentions ABS risk retentions Securities received as consideration 
 See Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 

104 

Table of contents 

 full-service retail banking branches and ATMs in states, as well as additional offices, online and mobile banking capabilities, and a telephone banking call center. Additional information pertaining to our major business segments, Consumer Bank and Commercial Bank, is included in Note 25 Business Segment Reporting ). 
 
 Use of Estimates 

Principles of Consolidation and Basis of Presentation 

Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Loans 

105 

Table of contents 

Additional information pertaining to the value of lease residuals is provided in Note 10 Leases ). 
 
 Loans Held for Sale 

Nonperforming Loans 
 
 days past due unless the loan is well-secured and in the process of collection. Commercial loans are also placed on nonaccrual status when payment is not past due but we have serious doubts about the borrower s ability to comply with existing repayment terms. Once a loan is designated nonaccrual (and as a result assessed for impairment), the interest accrued but not collected is reversed against loan interest income, and payments subsequently received are applied to principal. Commercial loans are typically charged off in full or charged down to the fair value of the underlying collateral when the borrower s payment is days past due. 
 
 106 

Table of contents 

 days past due, unless the loan is well-secured and in the process of collection. Any second lien home equity loan with an associated first lien that is days or more past due or in foreclosure, or for which the first mortgage delinquency timeframe is unknown, is reported as a nonperforming loan. Secured loans that are discharged through Chapter 7 bankruptcy and not formally re-affirmed are designated as nonperforming and TDRs. Our charge-off policy for most consumer loans takes effect when payments are days past due. Home equity and residential mortgage loans generally are charged down to net realizable value when payment is days past due. Credit card loans and similar unsecured products continue to accrue interest until the account is charged off at days past due. 
 
 Commercial and consumer loans may be returned to accrual status if we are reasonably assured that all contractually due principal and interest are collectible and the borrower has demonstrated a sustained period (generally of repayment performance under the contracted terms of the loan and applicable regulation. 
 Purchased Loans 
 Allowance for Loan and Lease Losses 
 On January 1, 2020, we adopted ASU 2016-13, Financial Instruments - Credit Losses: Measurement of 
 Credit Losses on Financial Instruments, which replaces the incurred-loss methodology that recognized losses when 
 a probable threshold was met with an expected-loss methodology, specifically, recognizing current expected credit 
 losses for the remaining life of the asset at the time of origination or acquisition. segments comprises multiple loan classes. Classes are characterized by similarities in initial measurement, risk attributes, and the manner in which we monitor and assess credit risk. The commercial segment is composed of commercial and industrial, commercial real estate, and commercial lease financing loan classes. The consumer lending segment is composed of residential mortgage, home equity, consumer direct, credit card, student lending and consumer indirect loan classes. 

107 

Table of contents 

 Liability for Credit Losses on Lending-Related Commitments 
 
 108 

Table of contents 

Allowance for Credit Losses on Other Financial Assets 
 
 Fair Value Measurements 
 
 Additional information regarding fair value measurements and disclosures is provided in Note 6 Fair Value Measurements ). 
 Short-Term Investments 
 
 Trading Account Assets 
 
 109 

Table of contents 

 110 

Table of contents 

Derivatives and Hedging 
 
 Additional information regarding the accounting for derivatives is provided in Note 8 Derivatives and Hedging Activities ). 
 Loan Sales and Securitizations 
 
 111 

Table of contents 

Servicing Assets 
 Additional information pertaining to servicing assets is included in Note 9 Mortgage Servicing Assets ). 
 Leases 
 For additional information, see Note 10 Leases ). 
 
 Premises and Equipment 
 
 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets 
 
 112 

Table of contents 

Additional information pertaining to goodwill and other intangible assets is included in Note 12 Goodwill and Other Intangible Assets ). 
 Business Combinations 
 
 Additional information regarding acquisitions is provided in Note 15 Acquisitions and Discontinued Operations ). 
 
 Securities Financing Activities 

Additional information regarding securities financing activities is included in Note 16 Securities Financing Activities ). 
 
 Contingencies and Guarantees 

113 

Table of contents 

Additional information regarding contingencies and guarantees is included in Note 22 Commitments, Contingent Liabilities, and Guarantees ). 
 Revenue Recognition 
 114 

Table of contents 

Stock-Based Compensation 
 years (the current year performance period and a vesting period, which generally starts in the first quarter following the performance period). 
 We estimate the fair value of options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model, as further described in Note 17 Stock-Based Compensation ). Employee stock options typically become exercisable at the rate of per year, beginning one year after the grant date. Options expire no later than years after their grant date. We recognize stock-based compensation expense for stock options with graded vesting using an accelerated method of amortization. 
 We use shares repurchased under our annual capital plan submitted to our regulators (treasury shares) for share issuances under all stock-based compensation programs. 
 
 Income Taxes 

Earnings Per Share 

115 

Table of contents 

116 

Table of contents 

 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Key Less: Dividends on preferred stock Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Key common shareholders Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes Net income (loss) attributable to Key common shareholders WEIGHTED-AVERAGE COMMON SHARES Weighted-average Common Shares outstanding (000) Effect of common share options and other stock awards Weighted-average common shares and potential Common Shares outstanding (000) (a) 
 EARNINGS PER COMMON SHARE Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Key common shareholders Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes Net income (loss) attributable to Key common shareholders (b) 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations attributable to Key common shareholders assuming dilution Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes assuming dilution Net income (loss) attributable to Key common shareholders assuming dilution (b) 
 
 (a) Assumes conversion of Common Share options and other stock awards and/or convertible preferred stock, as applicable. 
 (b) EPS may not foot due to rounding. 
 
 million in dividends to KeyCorp. At January 1, 2023, KeyBank had regulatory capacity to pay billion in dividends to KeyCorp without prior regulatory approval. At December 31, 2022, KeyCorp held billion in cash and short-term investments, which can be used to pay dividends to shareholders, service debt, and finance corporate operations. 
 
 Commercial real estate: Commercial mortgage Construction Total commercial real estate loans Commercial lease financing (c) 
 Total commercial loans Residential prime loans: Real estate residential mortgage Home equity loans Total residential prime loans Consumer direct loans Credit cards Consumer indirect loans Total consumer loans Total loans (d) 
 
 (a) Accrued interest of million and million at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively, is presented in "Accrued income and other assets" on the Consolidated Balance Sheets and is excluded from the amortized cost basis disclosed in this table. 
 117 

Table of contents 

 million and million of commercial credit card balances at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (c) Commercial lease financing includes receivables of million and million held as collateral for secured borrowings at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. Principal reductions are based on the cash payments received from these related receivables. Additional information pertaining to this secured borrowing is included in Note 20 Long-Term Debt ). 
 (d) Total loans exclude loans of million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021, related to the discontinued operations of the education lending business. 

) Commercial real estate: Real estate commercial mortgage ) Real estate construction ) Total commercial real estate loans ) Commercial lease financing ) ) Total commercial loans ) Real estate residential mortgage Home equity loans ) ) Consumer direct loans ) Credit cards ) Consumer indirect loans ) Total consumer loans ) Total ALLL continuing operations (a) 
 ) Discontinued operations ) ) Total ALLL including discontinued operations ) 
 (a) Excludes a provision related to reserves on lending-related commit ments of million. 
 
 Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 : 
 Dollars in millions December 31, 2020 Provision Charge-offs Recoveries December 31, 2021 Commercial and Industrial ) ) Commercial real estate: Real estate commercial mortgage ) ) Real estate construction ) Total commercial real estate loans ) ) Commercial lease financing ) ) Total commercial loans ) ) Real estate residential mortgage ) Home equity loans ) ) Consumer direct loans ) ) Credit cards ) ) Consumer indirect loans ) ) Total consumer loans ) ) Total ALLL continuing operations ) (a) 
 ) Discontinued operations ) ) Total ALLL including discontinued operations ) ) 
 (a) Excludes a credit related to reserves on lending-related commitments of million. 
 
 118 

Table of contents 

 ) ) Commercial real estate: Real estate commercial mortgage ) Real estate construction ) Total commercial real estate loans ) Commercial lease financing ) Total commercial loans ) ) Real estate residential mortgage ) Home equity loans ) ) Consumer direct loans ) Credit cards ) Consumer indirect loans ) Total consumer loans ) Total ALLL continuing operations (a) 
 ) Discontinued operations ) ) Total ALLL including discontinued operations ) 
 (a) Excludes a provision related to reserves on lending-related commitments of million. 
 
 As described in Note 1 ("Basis of Presentation and Accounting Policies"), we estimate the ALLL using relevant available information, from internal and external sources, relating to past events, current conditions, and reasonable and supportable forecasts. In our estimation of expected credit losses, we use a two year reasonable and supportable period across all products. Following this two year period in which supportable forecasts can be generated, for all modeled loan portfolios, we revert expected credit losses to a level that is consistent with our historical information by reverting the macroeconomic variables (model inputs) to their long run average. We revert to historical loss rates for less complex estimation methods for smaller portfolios. A 20 year fixed length look back period is used to calculate the long run average of the macroeconomic variables. A four quarter reversion period is used where the macroeconomic variables linearly revert to their long run average following the two year reasonable and supportable period. 
 
 We develop our reasonable and supportable forecasts using relevant data including, but not limited to, changes in economic output, unemployment rates, property values, and other factors associated with the credit losses on financial assets. Some macroeconomic variables apply to all portfolio segments, while others are more portfolio specific. 
 
 In addition to macroeconomic drivers, portfolio attributes such as remaining term, outstanding balance, risk ratings, utilization, FICO, LTV, and delinquency also drive ALLL changes. Our ALLL models were designed to capture the correlation between economic and portfolio changes. As such, evaluating shifts in individual portfolio attributes and macroeconomic variables in isolation may not be indicative of past or future performance. 
 
 119 

Table of contents 

 million, or , from December 31, 2021, through December 31, 2022. The increase is driven by the change in the economic outlook and loan growth. Asset quality remained strong as of December 31, 2022. 
 
 The declining economic outlook primarily contributed to the reserve increase year-over-year. The economic environment was impacted by interest rate increases, lower commercial real estate values, and expectations of lower GDP growth in the second half of the year. As a result, such factors led to a higher commercial reserve at December 31, 2022, than the prior year. In addition, Key s strong loan growth in 2022 was a contributing factor to the reserve change. 
 
 Consumer Loan Portfolio 
 
 The consumer ALLL increased million, or , from December 31, 2021, through December 31, 2022. The overall increase in the allowance is primarily driven by loan growth and economic forecast changes, partly offset by reductions in qualitative reserves as pandemic-related pressures ease. 
 
 Reserve levels reflect the overall declining economic outlook year-over-year. The most meaningful change to the economic forecast is the deterioration in the home price index outlook and elevated interest rates, which contribute to reserve increases for both the residential mortgage and home equity segments. In addition, deterioration in the unemployment rate outlook impacts all consumer portfolios. As it relates to the changes in the ALLL due to portfolio factors, increases are largely driven by targeted growth in the residential mortgage portfolio. 
 
 Credit Risk Profile 
 
 The prevalent risk characteristic for both commercial and consumer loans is the risk of loss arising from an obligor s inability or failure to meet contractual payment or performance terms. Evaluation of this risk is stratified and monitored by the loan risk rating grades assigned for the commercial loan portfolios and the refreshed FICO score assigned for the consumer loan portfolios. The internal risk grades assigned to loans follow our definitions of Pass and Criticized, which are consistent with published definitions of regulatory risk classifications. Loans with a pass rating represent those loans not classified on our rating scale for credits, as minimal credit risk has been identified. Criticized loans are those loans that either have a potential weakness deserving management's close attention or have a well-defined weakness that may put full collection of contractual cash flows at risk. Borrower FICO scores provide information about the credit quality of our consumer loan portfolio as they provide an indication as to the likelihood that a debtor will repay its debts. The scores are obtained from a nationally recognized consumer rating agency and are presented in the tables below at the dates indicated. 
 
 120 

Table of contents 

 Criticized (Accruing) Criticized (Nonaccruing) Total commercial and industrial Real estate commercial mortgage Risk Rating: Pass Criticized (Accruing) Criticized (Nonaccruing) Total real estate commercial mortgage 
 Real estate construction Risk Rating: Pass Criticized (Accruing) Criticized (Nonaccruing) Total real estate construction Commercial lease financing Risk Rating: Pass Criticized (Accruing) Criticized (Nonaccruing) Total commercial lease financing Total commercial loans 
 (a) Accrued in terest of million, presente d in Accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was excluded from the amortized cost basis disclosed in this table. 

121 

Table of contents 

 660 to 749 Less than 660 No Score Total real estate residential mortgage Home equity loans FICO Score: 750 and above 660 to 749 Less than 660 No Score Total home equity loans Consumer direct loans FICO Score: 750 and above 660 to 749 Less than 660 No Score Total consumer direct loans Credit cards FICO Score: 750 and above 660 to 749 Less than 660 No Score Total credit cards Consumer indirect loans FICO Score: 750 and above 660 to 749 Less than 660 No Score Total consumer indirect loans Total consumer loans 
 (a) Accrued inte rest of million, p resented in Accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets, was excluded from the amortized cost basis disclosed in this table. 
 
 Nonperforming and Past Due Loans 
 
 Our policies for determining past due loans, placing loans on nonaccrual, applying payments on nonaccrual loans, and resuming accrual of interest for our commercial and consumer loan portfolios are disclosed in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under the heading Nonperforming Loans . 

122 

Table of contents 

 Commercial real estate: Commercial mortgage Construction Total commercial real estate loans Commercial lease financing Total commercial loans Real estate residential mortgage Home equity loans Consumer direct loans Credit cards Consumer indirect loans Total consumer loans Total loans 
 (a) Amounts in table represent amortized cost and exclude loans held for sale. 
 (b) Accrued interest of million pre sented in Accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets is excluded from the amortized cost basis disclosed in this table. 
 (c) Net of unearned income, net of deferred fees and costs, and unamortized discounts and premiums. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Current 30-59 
 Days Past 
 Due (b) 
 60-89 
 Days Past 
 Due (b) 
 90 and 
 Greater 
 Days Past 
 Due (b) 
 Non-performing Loans Total Past Due and Non-performing Loans Total 
 Loans (c) 
 Dollars in millions LOAN TYPE Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate: Commercial mortgage Construction Total commercial real estate loans Commercial lease financing Total commercial loans Real estate residential mortgage Home equity loans Consumer direct loans Credit cards Consumer indirect loans Total consumer loans Total loans 
 (a) Amounts in table represent amortized cost and exclude loans held for sale. 
 (b) Accrued intere st of million prese nted in Accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets is excluded from the amortized cost basis disclosed in this table. 
 (c) Net of unearned income, net of deferred fees and costs, and unamortized discounts and premiums. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of our commercial nonperforming loans outstanding represented of their original contractual amount owed, total nonperforming loans outstanding represented of their original contractual amount owed, and nonperforming assets in total were carried at of their original contractual amount owed. 
 
 Nonperforming loans reduced expected interest income by million , million, and million for each of the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, respectively. 
 
 The amortized cost basis of nonperforming loans on nonaccrual status for which there is no related allowance for credit losses w as million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 123 

Table of contents 

 million a nd million at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 
 The consumer TDR other concession category in the table below primarily includes those borrowers debts that are discharged through Chapter 7 bankruptcy and have not been formally re-affirmed. At December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, the recorded investment of consumer residential mortgage loans in the process of foreclosure was approximate ly million and million, respectively. 
 
 The following table shows the post-modification outstanding recorded investment by concession type for our commercial and consumer accruing and nonaccruing TDRs that occurred during the periods indicated: 
 Payment or Covenant Modification/Deferment Total Consumer loans: Interest rate reduction Other Total Total TDRs 
 
 Additions Payments ) ) Charge-offs ) ) Balance at end of period 
 124 

Table of contents 

 Commercial real estate: Real estate commercial mortgage Total commercial real estate loans Total commercial loans Real estate residential mortgage Home equity loans Consumer direct loans Credit cards Consumer indirect loans Total consumer loans Total nonperforming TDRs Prior-year accruing: (a) 
 Commercial and industrial Commercial real estate: Real estate commercial mortgage Total commercial loans Real estate residential mortgage Home equity loans Consumer direct loans Credit cards Consumer indirect loans Total consumer loans Total prior-year accruing TDRs Total TDRs 
 (a) All TDRs that were restructured prior to January 1, 2022, and January 1, 2021, are fully accruing. 
 
 Commercial loan TDRs are considered defaulted when principal and interest payments are days past due. Consumer loan TDRs are considered defaulted when principal and interest payments are more than days past due. During 2022, ther e were commercial loan TDRs and consumer loan TDRs with a combined recorded investment of million that experienced payment defaults after modifications resulting in TDR status during 2021. During 2021, there were comme rcial loan TDRs and consumer loan TDRs with a combined recorded investment of million that experienced payment defaults after modifications resulting in TDR status during 2020. 
 Liability for Credit Losses on Off Balance Sheet Exposures 
 
 The liability for credit losses inherent in unfunded lending-related commitments, such as letters of credit and unfunded loan commitments, and certain financial guarantees is included in accrued expense and other liabilities on the balance sheet. 
 
 Provision (credit) for losses on off balance sheet exposures ) Balance at end of period 

125 

Table of contents 

States and political subdivisions Other mortgage-backed securities Other securities Total trading account securities Commercial loans Total trading account assets Securities available for sale: U.S. Treasury, agencies and corporations States and political subdivisions Agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations Agency residential mortgage-backed securities Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities Other securities Total securities available for sale Other investments: Principal investments: Direct Indirect (measured at NAV) (a) 
 Total principal investments Equity investments: Direct Direct (measured at NAV) (a) 
 Indirect (measured at NAV) (a) 
 Total equity investments Total other investments Loans, net of unearned income (residential) Loans held for sale (residential) Derivative assets: Interest rate Foreign exchange Commodity Credit Other Derivative assets Netting adjustments (b) 
 ) ) Total derivative assets Total assets on a recurring basis at fair value LIABILITIES MEASURED ON A RECURRING BASIS Bank notes and other short-term borrowings: Short positions Derivative liabilities: Interest rate Foreign exchange Commodity Credit Other Derivative liabilities Netting adjustments (b) 
 ) ) Total derivative liabilities Total liabilities on a recurring basis at fair value 
 (a) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the amounts presented in the Consolidated Balance Sheet. 
 (b) Netting adjustments represent the amounts recorded to convert our derivative assets and liabilities from a gross basis to a net basis in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. The net basis takes into account the impact of bilateral collateral and master netting agreements that allow us to settle all derivative contracts with a single counterparty on a net basis and to offset the net derivative position with the related cash collateral. Total derivative assets and liabilities include these netting adjustments. 
 126 

Table of contents 

 million. 
 Level 3 
 127 

Table of contents 

Indirect investments (a) 
 Total 
 (a) Our indirect investments consist of buyout funds, venture capital funds, and fund of funds. These investments are generally not redeemable. Instead, distributions are received through the liquidation of the underlying investments of the fund. An investment in any one of these funds typically can be sold only with the approval of the fund s general partners. At December 31, 2022, no significant liquidation of the underlying investments has been communicated to Key. The purpose of funding our capital commitments to these investments is to allow the funds to make additional follow-on investments and pay fund expenses until the fund dissolves. We, and all other investors in the fund, are obligated to fund the full amount of our respective capital commitments to the fund based on our and their respective ownership percentages, as noted in the applicable Limited Partnership Agreement. 

128 

Table of contents 

129 

Table of contents 

We also make liquidity valuation adjustments to the fair value of certain assets to reflect the uncertainty in the pricing and trading of the instruments when we are unable to observe recent market transactions for identical or similar instruments. Liquidity valuation adjustments are based on the following factors: 
 
 the amount of time since the last relevant valuation; 
 whether there is an actual trade or relevant external quote available at the measurement date; and 
 volatility associated with the primary pricing components. 
 
 Changes in Level 3 Fair Value Measurements 

Other investments Principal investments Direct Equity investments Direct ) (c) 
 ) ) Loans held for sale (residential) Loans held for investment (residential) ) ) Derivative instruments (b) 
 Interest rate ) (d) 
 ) (e) 
 (e) 
 Credit ) (d) 
 ) Other (a) 
 ) 
 130 

Table of contents 

) Other investments Principal investments Direct Equity investments Direct ) (c) 
 ) ) Loans held for sale (residential) ) Loans held for investment (residential) ) Derivative instruments (b) 
 Interest rate ) (d) 
 ) (e) 
 ) (e) 
 Credit ) (d) 
 ) Other (a) 
 ) ) 
 
 (a) Amounts represent Level 3 interest rate lock commitments. 
 (b) Amounts represent Level 3 derivative assets less Level 3 derivative liabilities. 
 (c) Realized and unrealized gains and losses on principal investments are reported in other income on the income statement. Realized and unrealized losses on equity investments are reported in other income on the income statement. 
 (d) Realized and unrealized gains and losses on derivative instruments are reported in corporate services income and other income on the income statement. 
 (e) Certain derivatives previously classified as Level 2 were transferred to Level 3 because Level 3 unobservable inputs became significant. Certain derivatives previously classified as Level 3 were transferred to Level 2 because Level 3 unobservable inputs became less significant. 
 
 Assets and Liabilities Measured at Fair Value on a Nonrecurring Basis 
 
 Certain assets and liabilities are measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis in accordance with GAAP. The adjustments to fair value generally result from the application of accounting guidance that requires assets and liabilities to be recorded at the lower of cost or fair value, or assessed for impairment. There were liabilities measured at fair value on a nonrecurring basis at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 

Accrued income and other assets Total assets on a nonrecurring basis at fair value 
 Qualitative Disclosures of Valuation Techniques 
 
 131 

Table of contents 

 million and million, respectively. impairment was recorded for the year ended December 31, 2022. 
 Level 3 Mortgage Servicing Rights (a) 
 Refer to Note 9 Mortgage Servicing Assets ). Level 3 
 (a) Asset classes included in Accrued income and other assets on the Consolidated Balance Sheets 

132 

Table of contents 

 Market comparable pricing Comparability factor - 
 - 
 Derivative instruments: Interest rate Discounted cash flows Probability of default - 
 - 
 Loss given default - ) 
 - ) 
 Insignificant level 3 assets, net of liabilities(d) Nonrecurring Collateral dependent loans Fair value of underlying collateral Discount Rate - 
 - 
 Accrued income and other assets: (e) 
 OREO and other assets Appraised value Appraised value N/M N/M 
 (a) Principal investments, direct is excluded from this table as the balance at December 31, 2022, is insignificant (less than million). 
 (b) The weighted average of significant unobservable inputs is calculated using a weighting relative to fair value. 
 (c) For significant unobservable inputs with no range, a single figure is reported to denote the single quantitative factor used. 
 (d) Represents the aggregate amount of level 3 assets and liabilities measured at fair value on a recurring basis that are individually and in the aggregate insignificant. The amount includes certain equity investments and certain financial derivative assets and liabilities. 
 (e) mortgage services assets required fair value adjustments as of December 31, 2022. Excludes million pertaining to mortgage servicing assets measured at fair value as of December 31, 2021. Refer to Note 9 Mortgage Servicing Assets for significant unobservable inputs pertaining to these assets. 

133 

Table of contents 

 Other investments (b) 
 Loans, net of unearned income (residential) (d) 
 Loans held for sale (residential) (b) 
 Derivative assets - trading (b) 
 ) (f) 
 Fair value - OCI Securities available for sale (b) 
 Derivative assets - hedging (b) (g) 
 ) (f) 
 Amortized cost Held-to-maturity securities (c) 
 Loans, net of unearned income (d) 
 Loans held for sale (b) 
 Other Cash and short-term investments (a) 
 LIABILITIES (by measurement category) Fair value - net income Derivative liabilities - trading (b) 
 ) (f) 
 Fair value - OCI Derivative liabilities - hedging (b) (g) 
 (f) 
 Amortized cost Time deposits (e) 
 Short-term borrowings (a) 
 Long-term debt (e) 
 Other Deposits with no stated maturity (a) 

December 31, 2021 Fair Value Dollars in millions Carrying 
 Amount 
 Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Measured 
 at NAV 
 Netting 
 Adjustment 
 Total ASSETS (by measurement category) Fair value - net income Trading account assets (b) 
 Other investments (b) 
 Loans, net of unearned income (residential) (d) 
 Loans held for sale (residential) (b) 
 Derivative assets - trading (b) 
 ) (f) 
 Fair value - OCI Securities available for sale (b) 
 Derivative assets - hedging (b) (g) 
 (f) 
 Amortized cost Held-to-maturity securities (c) 
 Loans, net of unearned income (d) 
 Loans held for sale (b) 
 Other Cash and short-term investments (a) 
 LIABILITIES (by measurement category) Fair value - net income Derivative liabilities - trading (b) 
 ) (f) 
 Fair value - OCI Derivative liabilities - hedging (b) (g) 
 (f) 
 Amortized cost Time deposits (e) 
 Short-term borrowings (a) 
 Long-term debt (e) 
 Other Deposits with no stated maturity (a) 
 
 134 

Table of contents 

We determine fair value based on assumptions pertaining to the factors that a market participant would consider in valuing the asset. A substantial portion of our fair value adjustments are related to liquidity. During 2022 and 2021, the fair values of our loan portfolios generally remained stable, primarily due to sustained liquidity in the loan markets. If we were to use different assumptions, the fair values shown in the preceding table could change. Also, because the applicable accounting guidance for financial instruments excludes certain financial instruments and all nonfinancial instruments from its disclosure requirements, the fair value amounts shown in the table above do not, by themselves, represent the underlying value of our company as a whole. 
 
 Discontinued assets - education lending business . Our discontinued assets include government-guaranteed and private education loans originated through our education lending business that was discontinued in September 2009. This portfolio consists of loans recorded at carrying value with appropriate valuation reserves and loans recorded at fair value. All of these loans were excluded from the table above as follows: 
 
 Loans at carrying value, net of allowance, of million million at fair value) at December 31, 2022, and million million at fair value) at December 31, 2021; and 
 Loans at fair value of million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. 
 
 These loans are classified as Level 3 because we rely on unobservable inputs when determining fair value since observable market data is not available. 
 
 Short-term financial instruments. For financial instruments with a remaining average life to maturity of less than six months, carrying amounts were used as an approximation of fair values. 

135 

Table of contents 

 Agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations 
 Agency residential mortgage-backed securities Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities Other securities Total securities available for sale HELD-TO-MATURITY SECURITIES Agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations 
 Agency residential mortgage-backed securities Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities (b) 
 Other securities Total held-to-maturity securities 
 
 (a) Amortized cost amounts exclude accrued interest receivable which is recorded within other assets on the balance sheet. At December 31, 2022 , accrued interest receivable on available for sale securities and held-to-maturit y securities totaled million and million, respectively. At December 31, 2021, accrued interest receivable on available for sale securities and held-to-maturity securities totaled million and million, respectively. 
 (b) Includes billion of securities as of December 31, 2022, and billion of securities as of December 31, 2021, related to the purchase of senior notes from a securitization collateralized by sold indirect auto loans. 
 
 Agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations Agency residential mortgage-backed securities Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities Held-to-maturity securities: Agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations Agency residential mortgage-backed securities Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities Asset-backed securities Other securities (a) 
 Total securities in an unrealized loss position December 31, 2021 Securities available for sale: U.S. Treasury, agencies, and corporations Agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations Agency residential mortgage-backed securities Agency commercial mortgage-backed securities Held-to-maturity securities: Agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations (b) 
 Asset-backed securities (b) 
 Other securities (b) 
 Total securities in an unrealized loss position 
 (a) At December 31, 2022, gross unrealized losses totaled less than million for other securities held to maturity with a loss duration of less than 12 months. 
 million for other securities held to maturity and agency residential collateralized mortgage obligations held-to-maturity with a loss duration of less than 12 months. At December 31, 2021, gross unrealized losses totaled less than million for asset backed securities held to maturity with a loss duration greater than 12 months or longer. 
 Based on our evaluation at December 31, 2022, an allowance for credit losses has not been recorded nor have unrealized losses been recognized into income. The issuers of the securities are of high credit quality and have a history of no credit losses, management does not intend to sell and it is likely that management will not be required to sell the securities prior to their anticipated recovery, and the decline in fair value is largely attributed to changes in interest rates and other market conditions. The issuers continue to make timely principal and interest payments. 
 136 

Table of contents 

billion were pledged to secure securities sold under repurchase agreements, to secure public and trust deposits, to facilitate access to secured funding, and for other purposes required or permitted by law. 
 Due after one through five years Due after five through ten years Due after ten years Total 
 
 million of derivative assets and million of derivative liabilities that relate to contracts entered into for hedging purposes. As of the same date, after taking into account the effects of bilateral collateral and master netting agreements and a reserve for potential future losses, we had derivative assets of million and derivative liabilities of billion that were not designated as hedging instruments. These positions are primarily comprised of derivative contracts entered into for client accommodation purposes. 
 
 Additional information regarding our accounting policies for derivatives is provided in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under the heading Derivatives and Hedging. 
 Derivatives Designated in Hedge Relationships 
 Net interest income and the EVE change in response to changes in the mix of assets, liabilities, and off-balance sheet instruments and the associated interest rates tied to each instrument. In addition, differences in the repricing and maturity characteristics of interest-earning assets and interest-bearing liabilities cause net interest income and the EVE to fluctuate. We utilize derivatives that have been designated as part of a hedge relationship in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance to manage net interest income and EVE to within our stated risk tolerances. The primary derivative instruments used to manage interest rate risk are interest rate swaps. 
 We designate certain receive fixed/pay variable interest rate swaps as fair value hedges. These contracts convert certain fixed-rate long-term debt into variable-rate obligations, thereby modifying our exposure to changes in interest rates. As a result, we receive fixed-rate interest payments in exchange for making variable-rate payments over the lives of the contracts without exchanging the notional amounts. 
 137 

Table of contents 

 138 

Table of contents 

 Derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Interest rate Foreign exchange Commodity Credit Other (b) 
 Total derivatives not designated as hedging instruments: Total Netting adjustments (c) 
 ) ) ) ) Net derivatives in the balance sheet Other collateral (d) 
 ) ) Net derivative amounts 
 
 (a) We take into account bilateral collateral and master netting agreements that allow us to settle all derivative contracts held with a single counterparty on a net basis, and to offset the net derivative position with the related cash collateral when recognizing derivative assets and liabilities. As a result, we could have derivative contracts with negative fair values included in derivative assets and contracts with positive fair values included in derivative liabilities. 
 (b) Other derivatives include interest rate lock commitments related to our residential mortgage banking activities, forward sales commitments related to our residential mortgage banking activities, forward purchase and sales contracts consisting of contractual commitments associated with to be announced securities and when-issued securities, and other customized derivative contracts. 
 (c) Netting adjustments represent the amounts recorded to convert our derivative assets and liabilities from a gross basis to a net basis in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. 
 (d) Other collateral represents the amount that cannot be used to offset our derivative assets and liabilities from a gross basis to a net basis in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. The other collateral consists of securities and is exchanged under bilateral collateral and master netting agreements that allow us to offset the net derivative position with the related collateral. The application of the other collateral cannot reduce the net derivative position below zero. Therefore, excess other collateral, if any, is not reflected above. 
 Fair value hedges. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not exclude any portion of these hedging instruments from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
 ) Interest rate contracts Securities available for sale (c) 
 
 December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Balance sheet line item in which the hedge item is included Carrying amount of hedged item (a) 
 Hedge accounting basis adjustment Interest rate contracts Long-term debt (b) 
 Interest rate contracts Securities available for sale (c) 
 
 (a) The carrying amount represents the portion of the asset or liability designated as the hedged item. 
 (b) Basis adjustments related to de-designated hedges that no longer qualify as fair value hedges reduced the hedge accounting basis adjustment by million and million at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 (c) These amounts are designated as fair value hedges under the last-of-layer method. The carrying amount represents the amortized costs basis of the prepayable financial assets used to designate hedging relationships in which the hedged item is the last layer expected to be remaining at the end of the hedging relationship. At December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021 the amortized cost of the closed portfolios used in these hedging relationships was million an d billion, respectively. 
 
 Cash flow hedges. During the year ended December 31, 2022, we did not exclude any portion of these hedging instruments from the assessment of hedge effectiveness. 
 
 Considering the interest rates, yield curves, and notional amounts as of December 31, 2022, we expect to reclassify an est imated million of after-tax net losses on derivative instruments designated as cash flow hedges from AOCI to income during the next months. In addition, we expect to reclassify approximately million of pre-tax net losses related to terminated cash flow hedges from AOCI to income during the next months. These reclassified amounts could differ from actual amounts recognized due to changes in interest rates hedge de-designations and the addition of other hedges subsequent to December 31, 2022 . As of December 31, 2022, the maximum length of time over which we hedge forecasted transactions is years. 
 
 139 

Table of contents Net gains (losses) on fair value hedging relationships Interest contracts Recognized on hedged items ) Recognized on derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) Net income (expense) recognized on fair value hedges ) Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Realized gains (losses) (pre-tax) reclassified from AOCI into net income Interest contracts ) ) Net income (expense) recognized on cash flow hedges ) ) Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Total amounts presented in the consolidated statement of income ) Net gains (losses) on fair value hedging relationships Interest contracts Recognized on hedged items ) Recognized on derivatives designated as hedging instruments ) Net income (expense) recognized on fair value hedges Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Realized gains (losses) (pre-tax) reclassified from AOCI into net income Interest contracts ) Net income (expense) recognized on cash flow hedges ) Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 Total amounts presented in the consolidated statement of income ) Net gains (losses) on fair value hedging relationships Interest contracts Recognized on hedged items ) Recognized on derivatives designated as hedging instruments Net income (expense) recognized on fair value hedges Net gain (loss) on cash flow hedging relationships Realized gains (losses) (pre-tax) reclassified from AOCI into net income Interest contracts ) Net income (expense) recognized on cash flow hedges ) 
 
 Net investment hedges. We previously entered into foreign currency forward contracts to hedge our exposure to changes in the carrying value of our investments in foreign subsidiaries as a result of changes in the related foreign exchange rates. We had no activity in net investment hedges for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020. 

140 

Table of contents Interest income Loans ) Interest rate Interest expense Long-term debt ) Interest rate Investment banking and debt placement fees Total ) ) Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2021 Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate ) Interest income Loans Interest rate Interest expense Long-term debt ) Interest rate Investment banking and debt placement fees Total ) Twelve Months Ended December 31, 2020 Cash Flow Hedges Interest rate Interest income Loans Interest rate ) Interest expense Long-term debt ) Interest rate ) Investment banking and debt placement fees Total 
 
 Nonhedging instruments. 
 
 ) Foreign exchange Commodity Credit ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) Total net gains (losses) ) ) ) 
 Counterparty Credit Risk 
 We use several means to mitigate and manage exposure to credit risk on derivative contracts. We enter into bilateral collateral and master netting agreements that provide for the net settlement of all contracts with a single counterparty in the event of default. Additionally, we monitor counterparty credit risk exposure on each contract to determine appropriate limits on our total credit exposure across all product types. We review our collateral positions on a daily basis and exchange collateral with our counterparties in accordance with standard ISDA documentation, central clearing rules, and other related agreements. We hold collateral in the form of cash and highly rated securities issued by the U.S. Treasury, government-sponsored enterprises, or GNMA. Cash collateral netted against derivative assets on the balance s heet totaled million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. The cash collateral netted against derivative liabilities totaled million at December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021. 

141 

Table of contents 

 Foreign exchange Commodity Credit Other Derivative assets before collateral Plus (Less): Related collateral ) Total derivative assets 
 We enter into derivative transactions with two primary groups: broker-dealers and banks, and clients. Since these groups have different economic characteristics, we have different methods for managing counterparty credit exposure and credit risk. 
 We enter into transactions with broker-dealers and banks for various risk management purposes. These types of transactions are primarily high dollar volume. We enter into bilateral collateral and master netting agreements with these counterparties. We clear certain types of derivative transactions with these counterparties, whereby central clearing organizations become the counterparties to our derivative contracts. In addition, we enter into derivative contracts through swap execution facilities. Swap clearing and swap execution facilities reduce our exposure to counterparty credit risk. At December 31, 2022, we had gross exposure of million to broker-dealers and banks. We had net exposure of million after the application of master netting agreements and cash collateral, where such qualifying agreements exist. We had net exposure of million after considering million of additional collateral held in the form of securities. 
 
 We enter into transactions using master netting agreements with clients to accommodate their business needs. In most cases, we mitigate our credit exposure by cross-collateralizing these transactions to the underlying loan collateral. For transactions that are not clearable, we mitigate our market risk by buying and selling U.S. Treasuries and Eurodollar futures or entering into offsetting positions. Due to the cross-collateralization to the underlying loan, we typically do not exchange cash or marketable securities collateral in connection with these transactions. To address the risk of default associated with these contracts, we have established a CVA reserve (included in accrued income and other assets in the amoun t of million at December 31, 2022. The CVA is calculated from potential future exposures, expected recovery rates, and market-implied probabilities of default. At December 31, 2022, we had gross exposure of million to client counterparties and other entities that are not broker-dealers or banks for derivatives that have associated master netting agreements. We had net exposure of million on our derivatives with these counterparties after the application of master netting agreements, collateral, and the related reserve. 
 Credit Derivatives 
 We are a buyer and, under limited circumstances, may be a seller of credit protection through the credit derivative market. We purchase credit derivatives to manage the credit risk associated with specific commercial lending and swap obligations as well as exposures to debt securities. Our credit derivative portfolio was in a net liability position of million as of December 31, 2022, and million as of December 31, 2021. 
 
 Our credit derivative portfolio may consist of the following: 
 
 Single-name credit default swap : A bilateral contract whereby the seller agrees, for a premium, to provide protection against the credit risk of a specific entity (the reference entity in connection with a specific debt obligation. The protected credit risk is related to adverse credit events, such as bankruptcy, failure to make payments, and acceleration or restructuring of obligations, identified in the credit derivative contract. 
 Traded credit default swap index: Represents a position on a basket or portfolio of reference entities. 
 Risk participation agreement: A transaction in which the lead participant has a swap agreement with a customer. The lead participant (purchaser of protection) then enters into a risk participation agreement with a counterparty (seller of protection), under which the counterparty receives a fee to accept a portion of the lead participant s credit risk. If the customer defaults on the swap contract, the counterparty to the risk participation agreement must reimburse the lead participant for the counterparty s percentage of the positive fair value of the customer swap as of the default date. If the customer swap has a negative fair value, the counterparty has no reimbursement requirements. If the customer defaults on the swap contract and the 
 142 

Table of contents 

 Total credit derivatives sold 
 Credit Risk Contingent Features 
 
 We have entered into certain derivative contracts that require us to post collateral to the counterparties when these contracts are in a net liability position. The amount of collateral to be posted is based on the amount of the net liability and thresholds generally related to our long-term senior unsecured credit ratings with Moody s and S P. Collateral requirements also are based on minimum transfer amounts, which are specific to each Credit Support Annex (a component of the ISDA Master Agreement) that we have signed with the counterparties. In a limited number of instances, counterparties have the right to terminate their ISDA Master Agreements with us if our ratings fall below a certain level, usually investment-grade level (i.e., Baa3 for Moody s and BBB- for S P). At December 31, 2022, KeyBank s rating w as A3 with Moody s and A- with S P, and KeyCorp s rating was Baa1 with Moody s and BBB+ with S P. As of December 31, 2022, the aggregate fair value of all derivative contracts with credit risk contingent features (i.e., those containi ng collateral posting or termination provisions based on our ratings) held by KeyBank that were in a net liability position to taled million, which includes million in derivative assets, billion in derivative liabilities and associated collateral posted. We had million in cash and securities collateral posted to cover those positions as of December 31, 2022. There were derivative contracts with credit risk contingent features held by KeyCorp at December 31, 2022. 
 
 additional collateral would have been required at December 31, 2022, or December 31, 2021. For more information about the credit ratings for KeyBank and KeyCorp, see the discussion under the heading Factors affecting liquidity in the section entitled Liquidity risk management in Item 7 of this report. 
 December 31, 
 Dollars in millions 
 2022 2021 Moody s S P Moody s S P KeyBank s long-term senior unsecured credit ratings A3 A- A3 A- One rating downgrade Two rating downgrades Three rating downgrades 
 
 KeyBank s long-term senior unsecured credit rating was ratings above noninvestment grade at Moody s and S P as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. If KeyBank s ratings had been downgraded below investment grade as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, payments of up to million and million, respectively, would have been required to either terminate the contracts or post additional collateral for those contracts in a net liability position, taking into account all collateral already posted. If KeyCorp s ratings had been downgraded below investment grade as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, no payments would h ave been required to either terminate the contracts or post additional collateral for those contracts in a net liability position, taking into account all collateral already posted. 
 
 143 

Table of contents 

 Servicing retained from loan sales Purchases Amortization ) ) Temporary recoveries (impairments) Balance at end of period Fair value at end of period 
 
 The fair value of commercial mortgage servicing assets is determined by calculating the present value of future cash flows associated with servicing the loans. This calculation uses a number of assumptions that are based on current market conditions. 
 Residual cash flows discount rate Escrow earn rate Loan assumption rate 
 If these economic assumptions change or prove incorrect, the fair value of commercial mortgage servicing assets may also change. Expected credit losses, escrow earn rates, and discount rates are critical to the valuation of commercial mortgage servicing assets. Estimates of these assumptions are based on how a market participant would view the respective rates and reflect historical data associated with the commercial mortgage loans, industry trends, and other considerations. Actual rates may differ from those estimated due to changes in a variety of economic factors. A decrease in the value assigned to the escrow earn rates would cause a decrease in the fair value of our commercial mortgage servicing assets. An increase in the assumed default rates of commercial mortgage loans or an increase in the assigned discount rates would cause a decrease in the fair value of our commercial mortgage servicing assets. Prepayment activity on commercial serviced loans does not significantly impact the valuation of our commercial mortgage servicing assets. Unlike residential mortgages, commercial mortgages experience significantly lower prepayments due to certain contractual restrictions impacting the borrower s ability to prepay the mortgage. 
 
 The amortization of commercial mortgage servicing assets is determined in proportion to, and over the period of, the estimated net servicing income. The amortization of commercial servicing assets for each period, as shown in the table at the beginning of this note, is recorded as a reduction to contractual fee income. The contractual fee income from servicing commercial mortgage loans totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2022, million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This fee income was partially offset by million of amortization for the year ended December 31, 2022, million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Both the contractual fee income and the amortization are recorded, net, in commercial mortgage servicing fees on the income statement. 
 
 144 

Table of contents 

 Servicing retained from loan sales 
 Purchases 
 Amortization ) ) Temporary recoveries (impairments) Balance at end of period Fair value at end of period 

The fair value of residential mortgage servicing assets is determined by calculating the present value of future cash flows associated with servicing the loans. This calculation uses a number of assumptions that are based on current market conditions. 
 Discount rate Servicing cost 
 
 If these economic assumptions change or prove incorrect, the fair value of residential mortgage servicing assets may also change. Prepayment speed, discount rates, and servicing cost are critical to the valuation of residential mortgage servicing assets. Estimates of these assumptions are based on how a market participant would view the respective rates and reflect historical data associated with the residential mortgage loans, industry trends, and other considerations. Actual rates may differ from those estimated due to changes in a variety of economic factors. An increase in the prepayment speed would cause a decrease in the fair value of our residential mortgage servicing assets. An increase in the assigned discount rates and servicing cost assumptions would cause a decrease in the fair value of our residential mortgage servicing assets. 
 
 The amortization of residential mortgage servicing assets for December 31, 2022, as shown in the table above, is recorded as a reduction to contractual fee income. The contractual fee income from servicing residential mortgage loans totaled million for the year ended December 31, 2022, million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. This fee income was offset by million of amortization for the year ended December 31, 2022, million for the year ended December 31, 2021, and million for the year ended December 31, 2020. Both the contractual fee income and the amortization are recorded, net, in consumer mortgage income on the income statement. 
 
 to years with the exception of certain ground leases that have terms over years. For leases with initial terms greater than one year, a lease liability, measured as the present value of unpaid lease payments, and a corresponding right-of-use asset for the right to use the leased properties are reported on the balance sheet. Lease payments are discounted using Key s incremental borrowing rate, consistent with what Key would pay to borrow on a collateralized basis over a term similar to each lease. Leases with an initial term of less than one year are not recorded on the balance sheet. The related expense is recognized on a straight-line basis over the lease term. 
 
 145 

Table of contents 

 . Some leases give us the option to terminate, for a penalty or at the lessor's discretion. Leases with variable payments are primarily based on adjustments for inflation over the term of the lease based on a contractually defined index. Certain ATM leases include variable payments based on volume of transactions. 
 
 Operating lease expense is recognized in "net occupancy" and "equipment" on the income statement. 
 Finance lease cost: Amortization of right-of-use assets Interest on lease liabilities Variable lease cost Total lease cost (a) 
 
 (a) Short-term lease cost was le ss than million for both the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021 
 
 Financing cash flows from finance leases Right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for lease obligations: (a) 
 Operating leases 
 (a) There were right-of-use assets obtained in exchange for finance lease obligations for either the twelve months ended December 31, 2022 or December 31, 2021. 
 
 Operating lease liabilities Accrued expense and other liabilities Finance leases: Property and equipment, gross Premises and equipment Accumulated depreciation Premises and equipment ) ) Property and equipment, net Finance lease liabilities Long-term debt 
 
 Finance leases Weighted-average discount rate: Operating leases Finance leases 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments Less imputed interest Total 
 
 146 

Table of contents 

Interest income related to accretion of unguaranteed residual asset Total sales-type and direct financing lease income Operating leases Operating lease income related to lease payments Other operating leasing gains and (losses) ) Total operating lease income and other leasing gains Total lease income 
 
 Equipment leasing receivables relate to sales-type and direct financing leases. 
 Unearned income ) ) Unguaranteed residual value Deferred fees and costs Net investment in sales-type and direct financing leases 
 
 The residual value component of a lease represents the fair value of the leased asset at the end of the lease term. We rely on industry data, historical experience, independent appraisals and the experience of the equipment leasing asset management team to value lease residuals. Relationships with a number of equipment vendors give the asset management team insight into the life cycle of the leased equipment, pending product upgrades and competing products. Key assesses net investments in leases, including residual values, for impairment and recognizes any impairment losses in accordance with the impairment guidanc e for financial instruments. The carrying amount of residual assets covered by residual value guarantees at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, was million and million, respectively. 
 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments 
 
 147 

Table of contents 

 2024 2025 2026 2027 Thereafter Total lease payments 
 
 million and million, respectively. 
 
 Buildings and improvements - 
 Leasehold improvements - 
 Furniture and equipment - 
 Capitalized building leases - (a) 
 Construction in process N/A Total premises and equipment Less: Accumulated depreciation and amortization ) ) Premises and equipment, net 
 (a) Capitalized building and equipment leases are amortized over the lesser of the useful life of asset or lease term. 
 
 Depreciation and amortization expense related to premises and equipment for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020 was million, million, and million, respectively. This includes amortization of assets under capital leases. 
 
 Software 
 
 Eligible costs related to computer software developed or obtained for internal use that add functionality, improve efficiency or extend the useful life of a system are capitalized. Amortization of capitalized software begins when it is ready for its intended use, which is after all substantial testing is completed. Capitalized costs are amortized using the straight-line or accelerated method over its useful life. Balances are included in Accrued income and other assets . 
 
 million and million and related accumulated amortization of million and million as of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. This includes in-process software that has not started amortizing. Amortization expense related to internal-use software for the years ended December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020, was million, million, and million, respectively. 
 
 148 

Table of contents 

 AQN Strategies acquisition XUP acquisition measurement period adjustment BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2021 XUP acquisition measurement period adjustment GradFin acquisition BALANCE AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 
 
 Additional information regarding recent acquisitions is provided in Note 15 Acquisitions and Discontinued Operations ). 
 As of December 31, 2022, we expect goodwill in the amount of million to be deductible for tax purposes in future periods. 
 There were accumulated impairment losses related to any of Key s reporting units at December 31, 2022, December 31, 2021, and December 31, 2020. 
 PCCR intangibles Other intangible assets Total 

149 

Table of contents 

 billion and billion of investments in LIHTC operating partnerships at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. These investments are recorded in accrued income and other assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We do not have any loss reserves recorded related to these investments because we believe the likelihood of any loss is remote. For all legally binding unfunded equity commitments, we increase our recognized investment and recognize a liability. As of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we had liabilities of million and million, respectively, related to investments in qualified affordable housing projects, which are recorded in accrued expense and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. We continue to invest in these LIHTC operating partnerships. 
 
 December 31, 2021 LIHTC investments 
 
 We amortize our LIHTC investments over the period that we expect to receive the tax benefits. In 2022, we recognized million of amortization and million of tax credits associated with these investments within income taxes on our income statement. In 2021, we recognized million of amortization and million of tax credits associated with these investments within income taxes on our income statement. 
 
 Principal investments. Through our principal investing entity, KCC, we have made investments in private equity funds engaged in venture- and growth-oriented investing. As a limited partner to these funds, KCC records these investments at fair value and receives distributions from the funds in accordance with the funds partnership agreements. We are not the primary beneficiary of these investments as we do not hold the power to direct the activities that most significantly affect the funds economic performance. Such power rests with the funds general partners. In addition, we neither have the obligation to absorb the funds expected losses nor the right to receive their residual returns. Our voting rights are also disproportionate to our economic interests, and substantially all of the funds activities are conducted on behalf of investors with disproportionately few voting rights. Because we are not the primary beneficiary of these investments, we do not consolidate them. 
 
 Our maximum exposure to loss associated with indirect principal investments consists of the investments fair value plus any unfunded equity commitments. The fair value of our indirect principal investments totaled million and million at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, respectively. These investments are recorded in other investments on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Additional information on indirect principal investments is 
 150 

Table of contents 

December 31, 2021 Indirect investments 
 
 Through our principal investing entities, we have formed and funded operating entities that provide management and other related services to our investment company funds, which directly invest in portfolio companies. In return for providing services to our direct investment funds, these entities receive a minority equity interest in the funds. This minority equity ownership is recorded at fair value on the entities financial statements. Additional information on our direct principal investments is provided in Note 6 Fair Value Measurements ). While other equity investors manage the daily operations of these entities, we retain the power, through voting rights, to direct the activities of the entities that most significantly impact their economic performance. In addition, we have the obligation to absorb losses and the right to receive residual returns that could potentially be significant to these entities. As a result, we have determined that we are the primary beneficiary of these funds and have consolidated them since formation. The entities had liabilities at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, and other equity investors have no recourse to our general credit. 
 
 Other unconsolidated VIEs. We are involved with other various entities in the normal course of business which we have determined to be VIEs. We have determined that we are not the primary beneficiary of these VIEs because we do not have the power to direct the activities that most significantly impact their economic performance or hold a variable interest that could potentially be significant. The table below shows our assets and liabilities associated with these unconsolidated VIEs at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. These assets are recorded in accrued income and other assets, other investments, securities available for sale, held-to-maturity securities, and loans, net of unearned income on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. These liabilities are recorded in accrued expenses and other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Of the total balance as of December 31, 2022, billion related to the purchase of senior notes from a securitization collateralized by sold indirect auto loans. In addition, where we only have a lending arrangement in the normal course of business with unconsolidated VIEs we present the balances related to the lending arrangements in Note 5 Asset Quality ). 
 December 31, 2021 Other unconsolidated VIEs 
 
 State Total currently payable Deferred: Federal ) ) State ) ) Total deferred ) ) Total income tax (benefit) expense (a) 
 
 (a) There was income tax (benefit) expense on securities transactions of million in 2022, ) million in 2021, and million in 2020. Income tax expense excludes equity- and gross receipts-based taxes, which are assessed in lieu of an income tax in certain states in which we operate. These non-income taxes, which are recorded in noninterest expense on the income statement, totaled million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 151 

Table of contents 

Employee benefits Net unrealized securities losses Federal net operating losses and credits Non-tax accruals Operating lease liabilities (a) 
 State net operating losses and credits Partnership investments Other Gross deferred tax assets Less: Valuation Allowance Total deferred tax assets Leasing transactions State taxes Operating lease right-of-use assets (a) 
 Goodwill Other Total deferred tax liabilities Net deferred tax assets (liabilities) (b) 
 
 (a) A separate deferred tax asset and liability is recognized for each operating lease item resulting from the adoption of ASC 842 in 2019. 
 (b) From continuing operations. 
 
 We conduct quarterly assessments of all available evidence to determine the amount of deferred tax assets that are more-likely-than-not to be realized, and therefore recorded. The available evidence used in connection with these assessments includes taxable income in prior periods, projected future taxable income, potential tax-planning strategies, and projected future reversals of deferred tax items. These assessments involve a degree of subjectivity and may undergo significant change. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had net capital loss carryforwards of million for which we have recorded million of valuation allowances. The capital loss carryforward if not utilized, will expire in 2025. Realization of this tax benefit is dependent upon Key's ability to generate sufficient capital gain in an appropriate tax year to offset the capital loss carryforward. Currently, generation of sufficient gain income is uncertain. 
 
 At December 31, 2022, we had federal net operating loss carryforwards of million and federal credit carryforwards of million. The federal net operating loss carryforwards are from prior acquisitions by First Niagara and are subject to annual limitations under the tax code and, if not utilized, will expire in the years beginning 2027. The federal credit carryforward consists of general business credits which expire in 2027, under the Internal Revenue Code. We currently expect to fully utilize these losses and credits. 
 
 We had state net operating loss carryforwards of million, resulting in a net state deferred tax asset of million. 
 
 Amortization of tax-advantaged investments Tax-exempt interest income ) ) ) ) ) ) Corporate-owned life insurance income ) ) ) ) ) ) State income tax, net of federal tax benefit Tax credits ) ) ) ) ) ) Other ) ) ) ) Total income tax expense (benefit) 
 152 

Table of contents 

Increase for other tax positions of prior years Decrease for payments and settlements Decrease related to tax positions taken in prior years ) ) Balance at end of year 
 
 Each quarter, we review the amount of unrecognized tax benefits recorded in accordance with the applicable accounting guidance. Any adjustment to unrecognized tax benefits is recorded in income tax expense. The amount of unrecognized tax benefits that, if recognized, would affect our effective tax rate was million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. It is reasonably possible that the balance of unrecognized tax benefits could decrease in the next twelve months due to examinations by various tax authorities or the expiration of statutes of limitations. 
 
 As permitted under the applicable accounting guidance, it is our policy to record interest and penalties related to unrecognized tax benefits in income tax expense. We recorded net interest benefit of million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. We did t recover any state tax penalties in 2022, 2021, or 2020. At December 31, 2022, we had accrued interest payable, compared to million at December 31, 2021. There was liability for accrued state tax penalties at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 
 There were unrecognized tax benefits presented in the financial statements as a reduction to a deferred tax asset for a net operating loss carryforward, a similar tax loss or a tax credit carryforward, at December 31, 2022 and December 31, 2021, respectively. 
 We file federal income tax returns, as well as returns in various state and foreign jurisdictions. We are subject to income tax examination by the IRS for the tax years 2016, and 2019 and forward. Currently, we are under IRS audit for tax year 2016. We are not subject to income tax examinations by other tax authorities for years prior to 2014. 
 Pre-1988 Bank Reserves acquired in a business combination 
 million of allocated bad debt deductions for which no income taxes have been recorded. Under current federal law, these reserves are subject to recapture into taxable income if KeyBank, or any successor, fails to maintain its bank status under the Internal Revenue Code or makes non-dividend distributions or distributions greater than its accumulated earnings and profits. No deferred tax liability has been established as these events are not expected to occur in the foreseeable future. 
 
 million and no separately identified intangible assets were recorded. Other acquired assets and liabilities of XUP were immaterial. The valuation was final as of March 31, 2022. 
 
 GradFin. On May 2, 2022, KeyBank acquired GradFin, a public service loan forgiveness counseling provider. The acquisition was accounted for as a business combination. Consideration paid totaled million consisting of million in cash and million in contingent consideration. As a result of the acquisition, we recognized goodwill of million and other intangible assets of million, with remaining assets acquired consisting primarily of cash. Other acquired assets and liabilities of GradFin were immaterial. The valuation was final as of September 30, 2022. 
 
 153 

Table of contents 

 million and million, respectively, of education loans are included in discontinued assets on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. Net interest income after provision for credit losses for this business is not material and is included in income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes on the consolidated statements of income. 
 
 ) ) ) Securities borrowed ) Total ) ) ) Offsetting of financial liabilities: Repurchase agreements (c) 
 ) ) ) ) Total ) ) ) ) 
 (a) Netting adjustments take into account the impact of master netting agreements that allow us to settle with a single counterparty on a net basis. 
 (b) These adjustments take into account the impact of bilateral collateral agreements that allow us to offset the net positions with the related collateral. The application of collateral cannot reduce the net position below zero. Therefore, excess collateral, if any, is not reflected above. 

As of December 31, 2022, the carrying amount of assets pledged as collateral against repurchase agreements totaled million. Assets pledged as collateral are reported in available for sale and held-to-maturity securities on the Consolidated Balance Sheets. At December 31, 2022, the liabilities associated with collateral pledged were solely comprised of customer sweep financing activity and had a carrying value of million. The collateral pledged under customer sweep repurchase agreements is posted to a third-party custodian and cannot be sold or repledged by the secured party. The risk related to a decline in the market value of collateral pledged is minimal given the collateral's high credit quality and the overnight duration of the repurchase agreements. 
 
 Like other financing transactions, securities financing agreements contain an element of credit risk. To mitigate and manage credit risk exposure, we generally enter into master netting agreements and other collateral arrangements that give us the right, in the event of default, to liquidate collateral held and to offset receivables and payables with the same counterparty. Additionally, we establish and monitor limits on our counterparty credit risk exposure by product type. For the reverse repurchase agreements, we monitor the value of the underlying securities we received from counterparties and either request additional collateral or return a portion of the collateral based on the value of those securities. We generally hold collateral in the form of highly rated securities issued by the U.S. Treasury and fixed income securities. In addition, we may need to provide collateral to counterparties under our repurchase agreements. With the exception of collateral pledged against customer sweep repurchase agreements, the collateral we pledge and receive can generally be sold or repledged by the secured parties. 
 
 million for 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020. The total income tax benefit recognized in the income statement for these plans was million for 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020. 
 Our compensation plans allow us to grant stock options, stock appreciation rights, restricted stock, restricted stock units, performance shares, performance units, or other awards which may be denominated or payable in or valued by reference to our Common Shares or other factors, discounted stock purchases, and deferred compensation to eligible employees and directors. At December 31, 2022, we had Common Shares available for future grant under our compensation plans. In accordance with a resolution adopted by the Compensation and 
 154 

Table of contents 

 of our outstanding Common Shares in any rolling period. 
 Stock Options 
 Stock options granted to employees generally become exercisable at the rate of per year. No option granted by KeyCorp will be exercisable less than after, or expire later than from, the grant date. The exercise price is - of the closing price of our Common Shares on the grant date (or the prior busi ness day if the grant date is not a business day). 
 We determine the fair value of options granted using the Black-Scholes option-pricing model. This model was originally developed to determine the fair value of exchange-traded equity options, which (unlike employee stock options) have no vesting period or transferability restrictions. Because of these differences, the Black-Scholes model does not precisely value an employee stock option, but it is commonly used for this purpose. The model assumes that the estimated fair value of an option is amortized as compensation expense over the option s vesting period. 
 The Black-Scholes model requires several assumptions, which we developed and update based on historical trends and current market observations. Our determination of the fair value of options is only as accurate as the underlying assumptions. 
 years years years Future dividend yield Historical share price volatility Weighted-average risk-free interest rate 
 In 2019, shareholders approved the 2019 Equity Compensation Plan, under which shares may be issued as equity awards. The Compensation and Organization Committee has authority to approve all stock option grants but may delegate some of its authority to grant awards from time to time. The committee has delegated to our Chief Executive Officer the authority to grant equity awards, including stock options, to any employee who is not designated an officer for purposes of Section 16 of the Exchange Act. No more than Com mon Shares may be issued under this authority. 
 
 Granted Exercised ) Lapsed or canceled ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 Expected to vest Exercisable at December 31, 2022 
 (a) The intrinsic value of a stock option is the amount by which the fair value of the underlying stock exceeds the exercise price of the option. 
 The weighted-average gr ant-date fair value of options was for options granted during 2022, for options granted during 2021, and for options granted during 2020. Stock option exercises numbered in 2022, in 2021, and in 2020. The aggregate intrinsic value of exercised options was million for 2022, million for 2021, and million for 2020. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested options under the plans totaled million. We expect to recognize this cost over a weighted-average period of years. 
 Cash received from options exercised was million, million, and million in 2022, 2021, and 2020, respectively. The actual tax benefit realized for the tax deductions from options exercised was less than million in 2022 and million in 2021. 
 155 

Table of contents 

 per year; 
 time-lapsed (service condition) restricted stock units payable in stock, which generally vest at the rate of per year; 
 performance units payable in stock, which vest at the end of the performance cycle and will not vest unless Key attains defined performance levels and the service condition is met; and 
 performance units payable in cash, which vest at the end of the performance cycle and will not vest unless Key attains defined performance levels and the service condition is met. 
 During 2022, performance units vested that were payable in stock and performance units vested that were payable in cash. The total fair value of the performance units that vested in stock and cash during 2022 totaled million and million, respectively. During 2021, no performance units vested that were payable in stock and performance units vested that were payable in cash. The payable in cash fair value of the performance units totaled million . 
 
 Granted Vested ) ) ) Forfeited ) ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 The compensation cost of time-lapsed and performance-based restricted stock or unit awards granted under the Program is calculated using the closing trading price of our Common Shares on the grant date (or the prior business day if the grant date is not a business day). 
 Unlike time-lapsed and performance-based restricted stock or units, we do not pay dividends during the vesting period for performance shares or units that may become payable in excess of targeted performance. 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of award s granted under the Program was during 2022, during 2021, and during 2020. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested shares under the Program totaled million. We expect to recognize this cost over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of shares vested was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Deferred Compensation and Other Restricted Stock Awards 
 Our deferred compensation arrangements include voluntary and mandatory deferral programs for Common Shares awarded to certain employees and directors. Mandatory deferred incentive awards vest at the rate of pe r year beginning one year after the deferral date. Deferrals under the voluntary programs are immediately vested. 
 We also may grant, upon approval by the Compensation and Organization Committee (or our Chief Executive Officer with respect to their delegated authority), other time-lapsed restricted stock or unit awards under various programs to recognize outstanding performance. 
 
 156 

Table of contents 

 Granted Vested ) Forfeited ) Outstanding at December 31, 2022 
 The weighted-average grant-date fair value of awards granted was during 2022, during 2021, and during 2020. As of December 31, 2022, unrecognized compensation cost related to nonvested shares granted under our deferred compensation plans and the other restricted stock or unit award programs totaled million. We expect to recognize this cost over a weighted-average period of years. The total fair value of shares vested was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 Discounted Stock Purchase Plan 
 Our Discounted Stock Purchase Plan provides employees the opportunity to purchase our Common Shares at a discount through payroll deductions. Purchases are limited to in any month and in any calendar year, and are immediately vested. To accommodate employee purchases, we issue treasury shares on or around the fifteenth day of the month following the month employee payments are received. We issued Common Shares at a weighted-average cost to employees of during 2022, Common Shares at a weighted-average cost to employees of during 2021, and Common Shares at a weighted-average cost to employees of during 2020. 
 
 Information pertaining to our method of accounting for stock-based compensation is included in Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under the heading Stock-Based Compensation. 
 
 million a t December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021, consisting entirely of net unrecognized losses. 
 During 2022, 2021, and 2020, we recognized a settlement loss for lump sum payments made under certain pension plans. In accordance with the applicable accounting guidance for defined benefit plans, we performed a remeasurement of the affected plans in conjunction with the settlement and recognized the settlement loss as reflected in the following table. 
 
 157 

Table of contents 

 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of losses Settlement loss Net pension cost Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI: Net (gain) loss ) ) Amortization of gains ) ) ) Total recognized in comprehensive income ) ) Total recognized in net pension cost and comprehensive income ) ) 
 
 The information related to our pension plans presented in the following tables is based on current actuarial reports using measurement dates of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 
 Interest cost Actuarial losses (gains) ) ) Benefit payments ) ) PBO at end of year 
 Actual return on plan assets ) Employer contributions Benefit payments ) ) FVA at end of year) ) Net prepaid pension cost recognized consists of: Noncurrent assets Current liabilities ) ) Noncurrent liabilities ) ) Net prepaid pension cost recognized (b) 
 ) ) 
 (a) The shortage of the FVA under the PBO. 
 (b) Represents the accrued benefit liability of the pension plans. 
 At December 31, 2022, our primary qualified cash balance pension plan was sufficiently funded under the requirements of ERISA. Consequently, we are not required to make a minimum contribution to that plan in 2023. We also do not expect to make any significant discretionary contributions during 2023. 
 At December 31, 2022, we expect to pay the benefits from all funded and unfunded pension plans as follows: 2023 million; 2024 million; 2025 million; 2026 million; 2027 million and million in the aggregate from 2028 through 2032. 
 The ABO for all of our pension plans was million a t December 31, 2022, and billion at December 31, 2021. 
 158 

Table of contents 

 ABO Fair value of plan assets 
 
 Compensation increase rate N/A N/A Weighted-average interest crediting rate 
 Compensation increase rate 
 N/A N/A N/A Expected return on plan assets 
 
 We estimate that we will recogniz e million in net pension cost for 2023. 
 We estimate that a basis point increase or decrease in the expected return on plan assets would change our net pension cost for 2023 by approximately million. Pension cost also is affected by an assumed discount rate. We estimate that a basis point change in the assumed discount rate would change net pension cost for 2023 by approximately million. 
 The expected return on plan assets is determined by considering a number of factors, the most significant of which are: 
 
 Our expectations for returns on plan assets over the long term, weighted for the investment mix of the assets. These expectations consider, among other factors, historical capital market returns of equity, fixed income, convertible, and other securities, and forecasted returns that are modeled under various economic scenarios. 
 Historical returns on our plan assets. Based on an annual reassessment of current and expected future capital market returns, our expected return on plan assets was for 2022, for 2021 and for 2020. We deemed a rate of to be appropriate in estimating 2022 pension cost. 
 The investment objectives of the pension fund are developed to reflect the characteristics of the plan, such as pension formulas, cash lump sum distribution features, and the liability profiles of the plan s participants. An executive oversight committee reviews the plan s investment performance at least quarterly, and compares performance against appropriate market indices. The pension fund s investment objectives are to balance total return objectives with a continued management of plan liabilities, and to minimize the mismatch between assets and liabilities. 
 Fixed income Total 
 Investments consist of mutual funds, collective investment funds, insurance investments and other assets that invest in underlying assets in accordance with the target asset allocations shown above. 
 Although the pension funds investment policies conditionally permit the use of derivative contracts, we have not entered into any such contracts, and we do not expect to employ such contracts in the future. 
 The valuation methodologies used to measure the fair value of pension plan assets vary depending on the type of asset, as described below. For an explanation of the fair value hierarchy, see Note 1 Summary of Significant Accounting Policies under the heading Fair Value Measurements. 
 Mutual funds. Exchange-traded mutual funds listed or traded on securities exchanges are valued at the closing price on the exchange or system where the security is principally traded. These securities are classified as Level 1 
 159 

Table of contents 

 Collective investment funds (measured at NAV) (a) 
 Insurance investment contracts and pooled separate accounts (measured at NAV) (a) 
 Other assets (measured at NAV) (a) 
 Total net assets at fair value 
 (a) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the fair value of plan assets presented elsewhere within this footnote. 
 
 December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total ASSET CLASS Mutual funds: Fixed income U.S. Collective investment funds (measured at NAV) (a) 
 Insurance investment contracts and pooled separate accounts (measured at NAV) (a) 
 Other assets (measured at NAV) (a) 
 Total net assets at fair value 
 
 Other Postretirement Benefit Plans 
 We sponsor a retiree healthcare plan in which all employees age with of service (or employees age with years of service who are terminated under conditions that entitle them to a severance benefit) are eligible to participate. Participant contributions are adjusted annually. Key may provide a subsidy toward the cost of coverage for certain employees hired before 2001 with a minimum of years of service at the time of termination. We use a separate VEBA trust to fund the retiree healthcare plan.) ) Net unrecognized prior service credit ) ) Total unrecognized AOCI ) ) 
 160 

Table of contents 

 Expected return on plan assets ) ) ) Amortization of prior service credit ) ) ) Amortization of gains ) ) Net postretirement benefit ) ) ) Other changes in plan assets and benefit obligations recognized in OCI: Net (gain) loss Amortization of prior service credit Total recognized in comprehensive income Total recognized in net postretirement benefit cost and comprehensive income 
 The information related to our postretirement benefit plans presented in the following tables is based on current actuarial reports using measurement dates of December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 Service cost Interest cost Plan participants contributions Actuarial losses (gains) ) Benefit payments ) ) Plan amendments APBO at end of year 
 Employer contributions Plan participants contributions Benefit payments ) ) Actual return on plan assets ) FVA at end of year 
 The postretirement plans were fully funded at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. Ther efore, no liabilities were recognized on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 There are no regulations that require contributions to the VEBA trust that funds our retiree healthcare plan, so there is no minimum funding requirement. We are permitted to make discretionary contributions to the VEBA trust, subject to certain IRS restrictions and limitations. We anticipate that our discretionary contributions in 2023, if any, will be minimal. 
 At December 31, 2022, we expect to pay the benefits from other postretirement plans as follows: 2023 million; 2024 million; 2025 million; 2026 million; 2027 million; and million in the aggregate from 2028 through 2032. 
 To determine the APBO, we assumed discount rates of at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. 
 Expected return on plan assets 
 161 

Table of contents 

 million credit in net postretirement benefit cost for 2023. 
 We estimate the expected returns o n plan assets for the VEBA trust much the same way we estimate returns on our pension funds. The primary investment objectives of the VEBA trust are to obtain a market rate of return, take into consideration the safety and/or risk of the investment, and to diversify the portfolio in order to satisfy the trust s anticipated liquidity requirements. 
 International equity securities Fixed income securities Total 
 Investments consist of mutual funds, collective investment funds and other assets that invest in underlying assets in accordance with the target asset allocations shown above. Exchange-traded mutual funds are valued using quoted prices and, therefore, are classified as Level 1. Investments in collective investment funds are valued using the Net Asset Value practical expedient and are not classified within the fair value hierarchy. 
 Equity International Fixed income U.S. Collective investment funds: Equity U.S. (a) 
 Other assets (measured at NAV) (a) 
 Total net assets at fair value 
 (a) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the fair value of plan assets presented elsewhere within this footnote. 
 December 31, 2021 Dollars in millions Level 1 Level 2 Level 3 Total ASSET CLASS Mutual funds: Equity U.S. Equity International Fixed income U.S. Fixed income International Collective investment funds: Equity U.S. (a) 
 Other assets (measured at NAV) Total net assets at fair value 
 (a) Certain investments that are measured at fair value using the net asset value per share (or its equivalent) practical expedient have not been classified in the fair value hierarchy. The fair value amounts presented in this table are intended to permit reconciliation of the fair value hierarchy to the fair value of plan assets presented elsewhere within this footnote. 
 The Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement and Modernization Act of 2003 introduced a prescription drug benefit under Medicare and prescribes a federal subsidy to sponsors of retiree healthcare benefit plans that offer prescription drug coverage that is actuarially equivalent to the benefits under Medicare Part D. Based on our application of the relevant regulatory formula, we determined that the prescription drug coverage related to our retiree healthcare benefit plan is not actuarially equivalent to the Medicare benefit for the vast majority of retirees. For the years ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021, we did not receive federal subsidies. 
 162 

Table of contents 

 to of eligible compensation, with up to being eligible for matching contributions in 2022. The plan also permits us to provide a discretionary annual profit sharing contribution to eligible employees who have at least of service. We did not accrue a profit sharing contribution for 2022. We made contributions of for both 2021 and 2020, on eligible compensation for employees eligible on the last business day of the respective plan years. We also maintain a deferred savings plan that provides certain employees with benefits they otherwise would not have been eligible to receive under the qualified plan once their compensation for the plan year reached the IRS contribution limits. Total expense associated with the above plans was million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 Average during the year Maximum month-end balance Weighted-average rate during the year (a) 
 Weighted-average rate at December 31 (a) 
 SECURITIES SOLD UNDER REPURCHASE AGREEMENTS Balance at year end Average during the year Maximum month-end balance Weighted-average rate during the year (a) 
 Weighted-average rate at December 31 (a) 
 OTHER SHORT-TERM BORROWINGS Balance at year end Average during the year Maximum month-end balance Weighted-average rate during the year (a) 
 Weighted-average rate at December 31 (a) 
 
 (a) Rates exclude the effects of interest rate swaps and caps, which modify the repricing characteristics of certain short-term borrowings. For more information about such financial instruments, see Note 8 Derivatives and Hedging Activities ). 
 As described below and in Note 20 Long-Term Debt ), KeyCorp and KeyBank have a number of programs and facilities that support our short-term financing needs. Certain subsidiaries maintain credit facilities with third parties, which provide alternative sources of funding. KeyCorp is the guarantor of some of the third-party facilities. 
 Short-term credit facilities. We maintain cash on deposit in our Federal Reserve account, which has reduced our need to obtain funds through various short-term unsecured money market products. This account, which was maintained at billion at December 31, 2022 , and the unpledged securities in our investment portfolio provide a buffer to address unexpected short-term liquidity needs. We also have secured borrowing facilities at the FHLB and the Federal Reserve Bank of Cleveland to satisfy short-term liquidity requirements. As of December 31, 2022, our unused secured borrowing capacity was billion at the Federal R eserve Bank of Cleveland an d billion a t the FHLB. 
 163 

Table of contents 

 Subordinated notes due 2028 (b) 
 Subordinated notes due 2029 (b) 
 Subordinated notes due 2029 (b) 
 Other subordinated notes (b)(d) 
 Total parent company Senior medium-term notes due through 2039 (e) 
 Senior remarketable notes due 2027 (f) 
 Subordinated notes due 2026 (g) 
 Subordinated notes due 2028 (g) 
 Subordinated notes due 2029 (g) 
 Subordinated notes due 2032 (g) 
 Secured borrowing due through 2025 (h) 
 Federal Home Loan Bank advances due through 2038 (i) 
 Investment Fund Financing due through 2052 (j) 
 Key Govt Finance, Inc. Other Long Term Debt-ASR Obligations under Capital Leases due through 2032 (k) 
 Total subsidiaries Total long-term debt 
 (a) Senior medium-term notes had a weighted-average interest rate of a t December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. These notes had fixed interest rates at December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. These notes may not be redeemed prior to their maturity dates. 
 (b) See Note 21 Trust Preferred Securities Issued by Unconsolidated Subsidiaries for a description of these notes. 
 (c) The First Niagara subordinated debt had a weighted-average interest rate of at December 31, 2021. This holding matured on December 15, 2021. 
 (d) The First Niagara variable rate trust preferred securities had a weighted-average interest rate o f a t December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. These notes may be redeemed prior to their maturity dates. 
 (e) Senior medium-term notes had weighted-average interest rates of at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. These notes are a combination of fixed and floating rates. These notes may not be redeemed prior to their maturity dates. 
 (f) The remarketable senior medium-term notes had a weighted-average interest rate of at December 31, 2022 , and at December 31, 2021. These notes had fixed interest rates at December 31, 2022 , and December 31, 2021. These notes may not be redeemed prior to their maturity dates. 
 (g) These notes are all obligations of KeyBank and may not be redeemed prior to their maturity dates. 
 (h) The secured borrowing had weighted-average interest rates of at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. This borrowing is collateralized by commercial lease financing receivables, and principal reductions are based on the cash payments received from the related receivables. Additional information pertaining to these commercial lease financing receivables is included in Note 4 Loan Portfolio ). 
 (i) Long-term advances from the Federal Home Loan Bank had a weighted-average interest ra te of at December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. These advances, which had fixed interest rates, were secured by real estate loans and securities totaling billion at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. 
 (j) Investment Fund Financing had a weighted-average interest rate of a t December 31, 2022, and at December 31, 2021. 
 (k) These are capital leases acquired in the First Niagara merger with a maturity range from March 2022 through October 2032. 
 2024 2025 2026 2027 All subsequent years 
 
 As described below, KeyBank and KeyCorp have a number of programs that support our long-term financing needs. 
 
 Global bank note program. On September 28, 2018, KeyBank updated its Bank Note Program authorizing the issuance of up to billion of notes. Under the program, KeyBank is authorized to issue notes with original maturities of or more for senior notes or or more for subordinated notes. Notes will be denominated in U.S. dollars. Amounts outstanding under the program and any prior bank note programs are classified as long-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 In 2020, KeyBank issued the following notes under the 2018 Bank Note Program: on March 10, 2020, million of Senior Bank Notes due March 10, 2023; and on December 16, 2020, million Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Bank Notes due January 3, 2024 and million Floating Rate Senior Bank Notes due January 3, 2024. 
 164 

Table of contents 

 million Fixed-to-Floating Rate Senior Bank Notes due June 14, 2024, and million Floating Rate Senior Bank Notes due June 14, 2024. 
 On September 29, 2021, KeyBank updated its Bank Note Program authorizing the issuance of up to billion of notes. Under the program, KeyBank is authorized to issue notes with original maturities of or more for senior notes or or more for subordinated notes. Notes will be denominated in U.S. dollars. Amounts outstanding under the program and any prior bank note programs are classified as long-term debt on our Consolidated Balance Sheets. 
 On June 14, 2022, KeyBank completed the final remarketing of its Term Enhanced ReMarketable Securities, originally issued in 1998. In connection therewith, KeyBank issued million Fixed Rate Senior Notes due December 14, 2027. Because this issuance was originally authorized under the Bank Note Program in existence in 1998, we would not consider this an issuance against capacity under our current Bank Note Program. 
 On August 8, 2022, KeyBank issued two notes under the Bank Note Program: billion of Fixed Rate Senior Bank Notes due August 8, 2025, and million of Fixed Rate Subordinated Bank Notes due August 8, 2032. 
 On November 15, 2022, under the Bank Note Program, KeyBank issued billion of Fixed Rate Senior Bank Notes due November 15, 2027. 
 As of December 31, 2022, billion remained available for issuance under the Bank Note Program. 
 KeyCorp shelf registration, including Medium-Term Note Program . On June 9, 2020, KeyCorp updated its shelf registration statement on file with the SEC under rules that allow companies to register various types of debt and equity securities without limitations on the aggregate amounts available for issuance. KeyCorp also maintains a Medium-Term Note Program that permits KeyCorp to issue notes with original maturities of or more. 
 On February 6, 2020, KeyCorp issued million of Senior Notes due April 6, 2027, under the Medium-Term Note Program. 
 On May 23, 2022, KeyCorp issued million of Fixed-to-Floating Senior Notes due May 23, 2025 and million of Fixed-to-Floating Senior Notes due June 1, 2033. The fixed rate periods for each issuance are effective through May 23, 2024, and June 1, 2032, respectively. 
 At December 31, 2022, KeyCorp had authorized and available for issuance u p to billion of additional debt securities under the Medium-Term Note Program. 
 Issuances of capital securities or preferred stock by KeyCorp must be approved by the Board and cannot be objected to by the Federal Reserve. 
 
 165 

Table of contents 

 2028 KeyCorp Capital II 2029 KeyCorp Capital III 2029 HNC Statutory Trust III 2035 Willow Grove Statutory Trust I 2036 HNC Statutory Trust IV 2037 Westbank Capital Trust II 2034 Westbank Capital Trust III 2034 Total December 31, 2021 
 (a) The trust preferred securities must be redeemed when the related debentures mature, or earlier if provided in the governing indenture. Each issue of trust preferred securities carries an interest rate identical to that of the related debenture. Certain trust preferred securities include debt issuance costs and basis adjustments related to fair value hedges totaling million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. See Note 8 Derivatives and Hedging Activities for an explanation of fair value hedges. 
 (b) We have the right to redeem these debentures. If the debentures purchased by KeyCorp Capital I, HNC Statutory Trust III, Willow Grove Statutory Trust I, HNC Statutory Trust IV, Westbank Capital Trust II, or Westbank Capital Trust III are redeemed before they mature, the redemption price will be the principal amount, plus any accrued but unpaid interest. If the debentures purchased by KeyCorp Capital II or KeyCorp Capital III are redeemed before they mature, the redemption price will be the greater of: (i) the principal amount, plus any accrued but unpaid interest, or (ii) the sum of the present values of principal and interest payments discounted at the Treasury Rate (as defined in the applicable indenture), plus basis points for KeyCorp Capital II or basis points for KeyCorp Capital III or basis points in the case of redemption upon either a tax or a capital treatment event for either KeyCorp Capital II or KeyCorp Capital III, plus any accrued but unpaid interest. The principal amount of certain debentures includes debt issuance costs and basis adjustments related to fair value hedges totaling million at December 31, 2022, and million at December 31, 2021. See Note 8 for an explanation of fair value hedges. The principal amount of debentures, net of discounts, is included in long-term debt on the balance sheet. 
 (c) The interest rates for the trust preferred securities issued by KeyCorp Capital II and KeyCorp Capital III are fixed. The trust preferred securities issued by KeyCorp Capital I have a floating interest rate, equal to three-month LIBOR plus basis points, that reprices quarterly. The trust preferred securities issued by HNC Statutory Trust III have a floating interest rate, equal to three-month LIBOR plus basis points, that reprices quarterly. The trust preferred securities issued by Willow Grove Statutory Trust I have a floating interest rate, equal to three-month LIBOR plus basis points, that reprices quarterly. The trust preferred securities issued by HNC Statutory Trust IV have a floating interest rate, equal to three-month LIBOR plus basis points, that reprices quarterly. The trust preferred securities issued by Westbank Capital Trust II and Westbank Capital Trust III each have a floating interest rate, equal to three-month LIBOR plus basis points, that reprices quarterly. The total interest rates are weighted-average rates. 

166 

Table of contents 

 Commercial real estate and construction Home equity Credit cards Total loan commitments Commercial letters of credit Purchase card commitments Principal investing commitments Tax credit investment commitments Total loan and other commitments 
 
 Legal Proceedings 
 
 Litigation. From time to time, in the ordinary course of business, we and our subsidiaries are subject to various litigation, investigations, and administrative proceedings. Private, civil litigation may range from individual actions involving a single plaintiff to putative class action lawsuits with potentially thousands of class members. Investigations may involve both formal and informal proceedings, by both government agencies and self-regulatory bodies. These matters may involve claims for substantial monetary relief. At times, these matters may present novel claims or legal theories. Due to the complex nature of these various other matters, it may be years before some matters are resolved. While it is impossible to ascertain the ultimate resolution or range of financial liability, based on information presently known to us, we do not believe there is any matter to which we are a party, or involving any of our properties that, individually or in the aggregate, would reasonably be expected to have a material adverse effect on our financial condition. We continually monitor and reassess the potential materiality of these litigation matters. We note, however, that in light of the inherent uncertainty in legal proceedings there can be no assurance that the ultimate resolution will not exceed established reserves. As a result, the outcome of a particular matter, or a combination of matters, may be material to our results of operations for a particular period, depending upon the size of the loss or our income for that particular period. 
 Guarantees 
 We are a guarantor in various agreements with third parties. 
 Recourse agreement with FNMA Residential mortgage reserve Written put options (a) 
 Total 
 (a) The maximum potential undiscounted future payments represent notional amounts of derivatives qualifying as guarantees. 
 
 We determine the payment/performance risk associated with each type of guarantee described below based on the probability that we could be required to make the maximum potential undiscounted future payments shown in the preceding table. We use a scale of low to probability of payment), moderate (greater than to probability of payment), or high (greater than probability of payment) to assess the payment/performance risk, and have determined that the payment/performance risk associated with each type of guarantee outstanding at December 31, 2022, is low. 
 
 Standby letters of credit. KeyBank issues standby letters of credit to address clients financing needs. These instruments obligate us to pay a specified third party when a client fails to repay an outstanding loan or debt instrument or fails to perform some contractual nonfinancial obligation. Any amounts drawn under standby letters of credit are treated as loans to the client; they bear interest (generally at variable rates) and pose the same credit risk 
 167 

Table of contents 

 years, with remaining actual lives ranging from less than year to as many as years. 
 
 Recourse agreement with FNMA. At December 31, 2022, the outstanding commercial mortgage loans in this program had a weighted-average remaining term of years, and the unpaid principal balance outstanding of loans sold by us as a participant was billion. The maximum potential amount of undiscounted future payments that we could be required to make under this program, as shown in the preceding table, is equal to approximately of the principal balance of loans outstanding at December 31, 2022. FNMA delegates responsibility for originating, underwriting, and servicing mortgages, and we assume a limited portion of the risk of loss during the remaining term on each commercial mortgage loan that we sell to FNMA. We maintain a reserve for such potential losses in an amount that we believe approximates the fair value of our liability in addition to the expected credit loss for the guarantee as described in Note 5 Asset Quality ). 
 Residential Mortgage Banking. We often originate and sell residential mortgage loans and retain the servicing rights. Our loan sales activity is generally conducted through loan sales in a secondary market sponsored by FNMA and FHLMC and through the issuance of GNMA mortgage backed securities. Subsequent to the sale of mortgage loans, we do not typically retain any interest in the underlying loans except through our relationship as the servicer of the loans. 
 As is customary in the mortgage banking industry, we, or banks we have acquired, have made certain representations and warranties related to the sale of residential mortgage loans (including loans sold with servicing rights released) and to the performance of our obligations as servicer. The breach of any such representations or warranties could result in losses for us. Our maximum exposure to loss is equal to the outstanding principal balance of the sold loans; however, any loss would be reduced by any payments received on the loans or through the sale of collateral. 
 At December 31, 2022, the unpaid principal balance outstanding of loans sold by us was billion. The maximum potential amount of undiscounted future payments that we could be required to make under this program, as shown in the preceding table, is equal to approximately of the principal balance of loans outstanding at December 31, 2022. 
 Our liability for estimated repurchase obligations on loans sold, which is included in other liabilities on our Consolidated Balance Sheets, was million at December 31, 2022. 
 
 Written put options. In the ordinary course of business, we write put options for clients that wish to mitigate their exposure to changes in interest rates and commodity prices. At December 31, 2022, our written put options had an average life of years. These instruments are considered to be guarantees, as we are required to make payments to the counterparty (the client) based on changes in an underlying variable that is related to an asset, a liability, or an equity security that the client holds. We are obligated to pay the client if the applicable benchmark interest rate or commodity price is above or below a specified level (known as the strike rate ). These written put options are accounted for as derivatives at fair value, as further discussed in Note 8 Derivatives and Hedging Activities ). We mitigate our potential future payment obligations by entering into offsetting positions with third parties. 
 Written put options where the counterparty is a broker-dealer or bank are accounted for as derivatives at fair value but are not considered guarantees since these counterparties typically do not hold the underlying instruments. In addition, we are a purchaser and seller of credit derivatives, which are further discussed in Note 8. 
 
 Other Off-Balance Sheet Risk 
 Other off-balance sheet risk stems from financial instruments that do not meet the definition of a guarantee as specified in the applicable accounting guidance, and from other relationships. 
 Indemnifications provided in the ordinary course of business. We provide certain indemnifications, primarily through representations and warranties in contracts that we execute in the ordinary course of business in connection with loan and lease sales and other ongoing activities, as well as in connection with purchases and sales of businesses. We maintain reserves, when appropriate, with respect to liability that reasonably could arise as a result of these indemnities. 
 168 

Table of contents 

) Other comprehensive income before reclassification, net of income taxes 
 ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of income taxes (a) 
 ) ) ) Net current-period other comprehensive income, net of income taxes ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2021 ) ) ) Other comprehensive income before reclassification, net of income taxes 
 ) ) ) ) Amounts reclassified from accumulated other comprehensive income, net of income taxes (a) 
 Net current-period other comprehensive income, net of income taxes ) ) ) ) Balance at December 31, 2022 ) ) ) ) 
 (a) See table below for details about these reclassifications. 

Other income Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 
 Income taxes Income (loss) from continuing operations Unrealized gains (losses) on derivative financial instruments Interest rate ) Interest income Loans Interest rate ) ) Interest expense Long-term debt Interest rate Investment banking and debt placement fees ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 
 ) Income taxes ) Income (loss) from continuing operations Net pension and postretirement benefit costs Amortization of losses ) ) Other expense Settlement loss ) ) Other expense Amortization of prior service credit Other expense ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes 
 ) ) Income taxes ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 169 

Table of contents 

 billion of our Common Shares. In September 2022, the Board approved the extension of the previous authorization through the third quarter of 2023. As of December 31, 2022, approximately million remained available for repurchase under the authorization. 
 
 During 2021 , we repurchased a total of billion of Common Share under our previous capital plan authorizations. Of the total common shares repurchased throughout 2021, million were part of an ASR program entered into with Goldman Sachs Co. LLC (Goldman Sachs) and million were repurchased in the open market. In addition, million in repurchase activity was related to employee equity compensation programs. 
 
 Under the ASR program, we made a cash payment of million to Goldman Sachs and received an initial delivery of million shares of our common stock from Goldman Sachs based on the then current market price of as of September 10, 2021. As previously reported during the third quarter of 2021, there was a million reduction to our capital surplus balance, which reflected the value of common stock held back by Goldman Sachs pending final settlement of the ASR program. On December 21, 2021, we received a final delivery of million of our common shares from Goldman Sachs based on the volume-weighted average share price of our common stock during the term of the ASR agreement, less a discount, and other adjustments provided for by the agreement. The volume-weighted share price less discount totaled for the total million common shares purchased between the up front delivery and the final settlement. 
 
 During 2022, common shares were repurchased under the previous or current authorization. Activity was limited to million in repurchases related to employee equity compensation programs. 
 
 Consistent with our capital plan, the Board declared a quarterly dividend of per common share for the first three quarters in 2022. During the fourth quarter of 2022, the Board declared a dividend of per common share. These quarterly dividend payments brought our annual dividend to per common share for 2022. 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 1/25th Fixed-to-Floating Rate Perpetual Noncumulative Series E 1/40th Fixed Rate Perpetual Noncumulative Series F 1/40th Fixed Rate Perpetual Noncumulative Series G 1/40th Fixed Rate Perpetual Noncumulative Series H 1/40th 
 
 Capital Adequacy 
 KeyCorp and KeyBank (consolidated) must meet specific capital requirements imposed by federal banking regulators. Sanctions for failure to meet applicable capital requirements may include regulatory enforcement actions that restrict dividend payments, require the adoption of remedial measures to increase capital, terminate FDIC deposit insurance, and mandate the appointment of a conservator or receiver in severe cases. In addition, failure to maintain a well capitalized status affects how regulators evaluate applications for certain endeavors, including acquisitions, continuation and expansion of existing activities, and commencement of new activities, and could make clients and potential investors less confident. As of December 31, 2022, KeyCorp and KeyBank (consolidated) met all regulatory capital requirements. 
 KeyBank (consolidated) qualified for the well capitalized prompt corrective action capital category at December 31, 2022, because its capital and leverage ratios exceeded the prescribed threshold ratios for that capital category and 
 170 

Table of contents 

 N/A N/A KeyBank (consolidated) TIER 1 CAPITAL TO NET RISK-WEIGHTED ASSETS Key N/A N/A KeyBank (consolidated) TIER 1 CAPITAL TO AVERAGE QUARTERLY TANGIBLE ASSETS Key N/A N/A KeyBank (consolidated) December 31, 2021 TOTAL CAPITAL TO NET RISK-WEIGHTED ASSETS Key N/A N/A KeyBank (consolidated) TIER 1 CAPITAL TO NET RISK-WEIGHTED ASSETS Key N/A N/A KeyBank (consolidated) TIER 1 CAPITAL TO AVERAGE QUARTERLY TANGIBLE ASSETS Key N/A N/A KeyBank (consolidated) 
 
 -state branch footprint as well as healthcare professionals nationally through our Laurel Road digital brand by offering a variety of deposit and investment products, personal finance and financial wellness services, lending, mortgage and home equity, student loan refinancing, credit card, treasury services, and business advisory services. In addition, wealth management and investment services are offered to assist institutional, non-profit, and high-net-worth clients with their banking, trust, portfolio management, charitable giving, and related needs. 
 
 171 

Table of contents 

 172 

Table of contents 

 Noninterest income 
 Total revenue (TE) (a) 
 Provision for credit losses 
 ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense 
 Other noninterest expense 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes (TE) 
 Allocated income taxes (benefit) and TE adjustments 
 Income (loss) from continuing operations 
 Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes 
 Net income (loss) 
 Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests 
 Net income (loss) attributable to Key 
 AVERAGE BALANCES (b) 
 Loans and leases 
 Total assets (a) 
 Deposits 
 OTHER FINANCIAL DATA 
 Expenditures for additions to long-lived assets (a), (b) 
 Net loan charge-offs (b) 
 Return on average allocated equity (b) 
 Return on average allocated equity 
 Average full-time equivalent employees (c) 
 Year ended December 31, Other Key Dollars in millions 2022 2021 2020 2022 2021 2020 SUMMARY OF OPERATIONS Net interest income (TE) ) Noninterest income Total revenue (TE) (a) 
 Provision for credit losses ) ) ) ) Depreciation and amortization expense Other noninterest expense ) Income (loss) from continuing operations before income taxes (TE) ) Allocated income taxes (benefit) and TE adjustments ) ) Income (loss) from continuing operations Income (loss) from discontinued operations, net of taxes Net income (loss) Less: Net income (loss) attributable to noncontrolling interests Net income (loss) attributable to Key AVERAGE BALANCES (b) 
 Loans and leases Total assets (a) 
 Deposits OTHER FINANCIAL DATA Expenditures for additions to long-lived assets (a), (b) 
 Net loan charge-offs (b) 
 ) ) Return on average allocated equity (b) 
 Return on average allocated equity Average full-time equivalent employees (c) 
 
 (a) Substantially all revenue generated by our major business segments is derived from clients that reside in the United States. Substantially all long-lived assets, including premises and equipment, capitalized software, and goodwill held by our major business segments, are located in the United States. 
 (b) From continuing operations. 
 
 173 

Table of contents 

 Short-term investments Securities available for sale Other investments Loans to: Banks Nonbank subsidiaries Total loans Investment in subsidiaries: Banks Nonbank subsidiaries Total investment in subsidiaries Goodwill Corporate-owned life insurance Derivative assets Accrued income and other assets Total assets LIABILITIES Accrued expense and other liabilities Long-term debt due to: Subsidiaries Unaffiliated companies Total long-term debt Total liabilities SHAREHOLDERS EQUITY (a) 
 Total liabilities and shareholders equity 
 (a) See Key s Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity. 
 
 Nonbank subsidiaries Interest income from subsidiaries Other income Total income EXPENSE Interest on long-term debt with subsidiary trusts Interest on other borrowed funds Personnel and other expense Total expense Income (loss) before income taxes and equity in net income (loss) less dividends from subsidiaries Income tax (expense) benefit Income (loss) before equity in net income (loss) less dividends from subsidiaries Equity in net income (loss) less dividends from subsidiaries NET INCOME (LOSS) Less: Net income attributable to noncontrolling interests NET INCOME (LOSS) ATTRIBUTABLE TO KEY 
 . 
 
 174 

Table of contents 

 Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities: Deferred income taxes (benefit) ) Stock-based compensation expense Equity in net (income) loss less dividends from subsidiaries ) ) ) Net (increase) decrease in other assets ) Net increase (decrease) in other liabilities ) Other operating activities, net ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) OPERATING ACTIVITIES INVESTING ACTIVITIES Net (increase) decrease in securities available for sale and in short-term and other investments ) ) ) Proceeds from sales, prepayments and maturities of securities available for sale Net (increase) decrease in loans to subsidiaries ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) INVESTING ACTIVITIES ) ) ) FINANCING ACTIVITIES Net proceeds from issuance of long-term debt Payments on long-term debt ) ) Repurchase of Treasury Shares ) ) ) Net cash from the issuance (redemption) of Common Shares and preferred stock Cash dividends paid ) ) ) NET CASH PROVIDED BY (USED IN) FINANCING ACTIVITIES ) ) NET INCREASE (DECREASE) IN CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS ) ) CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS AT BEGINNING OF YEAR CASH AND DUE FROM BANKS AT END OF YEAR 
 KeyCorp paid interest on borrowed funds totaling million in 2022, million in 2021, and million in 2020. 
 
 Investment banking and debt placement fees Services charges on deposit accounts Cards and payments income Other noninterest income Total revenue from contracts with customers Other noninterest income (a) 
 Noninterest income from other segments (b) 
 Total noninterest income 
 (a) Noninterest income considered earned outside the scope of contracts with customers. 
 (b) Other includes other segments that consists of corporate treasury, our principal investing unit, and various exit portfolios as well as reconciling items which primarily represents the unallocated portion of nonearning assets of corporate support functions. Charges related to the funding of these assets are part of net interest income and are allocated to the business segments through noninterest expense. Reconciling items also includes intercompany eliminations and certain items that are not allocated to the business segments because they do not reflect their normal operations. Refer to Note 25 Business Segment Reporting for more information. 
 
 We had material contract assets or contract liabilities for the twelve months ended December 31, 2022, and December 31, 2021. 
 
 175 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 9. CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURE 
 None. 
 
 ITEM 9A. CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES 
 Evaluation of Disclosure Controls and Procedures 
 As of the end of the period covered by this report, KeyCorp carried out an evaluation, under the supervision and with the participation of KeyCorp s management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of KeyCorp s disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rule 13a-15(e) under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 (the Exchange Act )), to ensure that information required to be disclosed by KeyCorp in reports that it files or submits under the Exchange Act, is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to KeyCorp s management, including its Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow for timely decisions regarding required disclosure. Based upon that evaluation, KeyCorp s Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer concluded that the design and operation of these disclosure controls and procedures were effective, in all material respects, as of the end of the period covered by this report. No changes were made to KeyCorp s internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Rule 13a-15(f) under the Exchange Act) during the last year that materially affected, or are reasonably likely to materially affect, KeyCorp s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Reports Regarding Internal Controls 
 Management s Annual Report on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm on Internal Control over Financial Reporting, and the Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm are included in Item 8 on pages 96 , 97 , and 98 , respectively. 
 
 ITEM 9B. OTHER INFORMATION 
 Not applicable. 
 
 ITEM 9C. DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS 
 
 Not applicable. 
 
 PART III 

ITEM 10. DIRECTORS, EXECUTIVE OFFICERS AND CORPORATE GOVERNANCE 
 
 The names of our executive officers, and biographical information for each, is set forth in Item 1. Business of this report. 
 
 The other information required by this item will be set forth in the following sections of KeyCorp s Definitive Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders to be held May 11, 2023 (the 2023 Proxy Statement ), and these sections are incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Proposal One: Election of Directors 
 Corporate Governance Documents Code of Business Conduct and Ethics 
 The Board of Directors and Its Committees Board and Committee Responsibilities Audit Committee 
 Additional Information Other Proposals and Director Nominations for the 2024 Annual Meeting of Shareholders 
 
 KeyCorp expects to file the 2023 Proxy Statement with the SEC on or about March 24, 2023. 
 
 Any amendment to, or waiver from a provision of, the Code of Business Conduct and Ethics that applies to KeyCorp s Chief Executive Officer, Chief Financial Officer, and Chief Accounting Officer, or any other executive officer or director, will be promptly disclosed on KeyCorp s website (www.key.com/ir) as required by laws, rules and regulations of the SEC. 
 176 

Table of contents 

 ITEM 11. EXECUTIVE COMPENSATION 
 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the following sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement and these sections are incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 Compensation Discussion and Analysis 
 Compensation of Executive Officers and Directors 
 Compensation and Organization Committee Report 
 The Board of Directors and Its Committees Oversight of Compensation Related Risks 
 
 ITEM 12. SECURITY OWNERSHIP OF CERTAIN BENEFICIAL OWNERS AND MANAGEMENT AND RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the section captioned Ownership of KeyCorp Equity Securities contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 ITEM 13. CERTAIN RELATIONSHIPS AND RELATED TRANSACTIONS, AND DIRECTOR INDEPENDENCE 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the following sections of the 2023 Proxy Statement and these sections are incorporated herein by reference: 
 
 The Board of Directors and Its Committees Director Independence 
 The Board of Directors and Its Committees Related Party Transactions 
 
 ITEM 14. PRINCIPAL ACCOUNTANT FEES AND SERVICES 
 The information required by this item will be set forth in the sections captioned Audit Matters Ernst Young s Fees and Audit Matters Pre-Approval Policies and Procedures contained in the 2023 Proxy Statement, and is incorporated herein by reference. 
 
 PART IV 

ITEM 15. EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES 

(a) (1) Financial Statements 
 The following financial statements of KeyCorp and its subsidiaries, and the auditor s report thereon are filed as part of this report under Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data: 
 Page Number Report of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm (PCAOB ID: 42) 
 98 
 Consolidated Financial Statements 
 100 
 Consolidated Balance Sheets at December 31, 2022, and 2021 
 100 
 Consolidated Statements of Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 101 
 Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 102 
 Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 103 
 Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows for the Years Ended December 31, 2022, 2021, and 2020 
 104 
 Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements 
 105 

(a) (2) Financial Statement Schedules 
 All financial statement schedules for KeyCorp and its subsidiaries have been included in this Form 10-K in the consolidated financial statements or the related footnotes, or they are either inapplicable or not required. 
 177 

Table of contents 

 (a) (3) Exhibits 
 
 3.1 Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of KeyCorp, effective May 23, 2019, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Form 8-K on May 24, 2019. 
 3.2 Certificate of Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation of the Company with respect to Fixed Rate Reset Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series H, filed August 22, 2022, filed as Exhibit 4.1 to Form 8-K on August 24, 2022. 
 3.3 Third Amended and Restated Regulations of KeyCorp, effective May 23, 2019, filed as Exhibit 3.2 to Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended June 30, 2019. 
 3.4 First Amendment to the Third Amended and Restated Regulations, effective May 13, 2021, filed as Exhibit 3.1 to Form 8-K on May 14, 2021. 
 4.1 Description of KeyCorp s Securities Registered Pursuant to Section 12 of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934. 
 4.2 Form of Certificate representing Fixed-to-Floating Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K on September 9, 2016. 
 4.3 Deposit Agreement, dated as of September 9, 2016, among KeyCorp, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., jointly as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K on September 9, 2016. 
 4.4 Form of Depositary Receipt related to Series D Preferred Stock (included as part of Exhibit 4.3), filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K on September 9, 2016. 
 4.5 Form of Certificate representing Fixed-to-Floating Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K on December 12, 2016. 
 4.6 Deposit Agreement, dated as of December 12, 2016, among KeyCorp, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., jointly as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K on December 12, 2016. 
 4.7 Form of Depositary Receipt related to Series E Preferred Stock (included as part of Exhibit 4.6), filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K on December 12, 2016. 
 4.8 Form of Certificate representing Fixed Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K on July 30, 2018. 
 4.9 Deposit Agreement, dated as of July 30, 2018, among KeyCorp, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., jointly as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K on July 30, 2018. 
 4.10 Form of Depositary Receipt related to Series F Preferred Stock (included as part of Exhibit 4.9), filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K on July 30, 2018. 
 4.11 Form of Certificate representing Fixed Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K on April 29, 2019. 
 4.12 Deposit Agreement, dated as of April 29, 2019, among KeyCorp, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., jointly as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K on April 29, 2019. 
 4.13 Form of Depositary Receipt related to Series G Preferred Stock (included as part of Exhibit 4.12), filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K on April 29, 2019. 
 4.14 Form of Certificate representing Fixed Rate Reset Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series H, filed as Exhibit 4.2 to Form 8-K on August 24, 2022. 
 4.15 Deposit Agreement, dated as of August 24, 2022, among KeyCorp, Computershare Inc. and Computershare Trust Company, N.A., jointly as depositary, and the holders from time to time of the depositary receipts described therein, filed as Exhibit 4.3 to Form 8-K on August 24, 2022. 
 4.16 Form of Depositary Receipt related to Series H Preferred Stock (included as part of Exhibit 4.15), filed as Exhibit 4.4 to Form 8-K on August 24, 2022. 
 10.1 Form of Award of Non-Qualified Stock Options (effective June 12, 2009), filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 
 10.2 Form of Cash-settling Performance Shares Award Agreement (2020-2022), filed as Exhibit 10.6 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.3 Form of Stock-settling Performance Shares Award Agreement (2020-2022), filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.4 Form of Cash-settling Performance Shares Award Agreement (2021-2023), filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.5 Form of Stock-settling Performance Shares Award Agreement (2021-2023), filed as Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. . 
 
 178 

Table of contents 

 10.6 Form of Cash-settling Performance Shares Award Agreement (2022-2024), filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 10.7 Form of Cash-settling Performance Shares Award Agreement (2023-2025). 
 10.8 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under KeyCorp 2013 Equity Compensation Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.7 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2016. 
 10.9 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under KeyCorp 2013 Equity Compensation Plan, effective 2019, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.10 Form of Stock Option Award Agreement under KeyCorp 2019 Equity Compensation Plan, effective 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.12 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. . 
 10.11 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under KeyCorp 2013 Equity Compensation Plan, effective 2019, filed as Exhibit 10.10 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. . 
 10.12 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (New Hire/Retention) under KeyCorp 2019 Equity Compensation Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.4 to KeyCorp s Registration Statement on Form S-8 on May 23, 2019, File No. 333-231689. 
 10.13 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (New Hire/Retention) under KeyCorp 2019 Equity Compensation Plan, effective 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.16 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.14 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement under KeyCorp 2019 Equity Compensation Plan, effective 2020, filed as Exhibit 10.17 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2020. 
 10.15 Form of Restricted Stock Unit Award Agreement (New Hire/Retention) under KeyCorp 2019 Equity Compensation Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.17 in Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2021. 
 10.16 Form of Change of Control Agreement (Tier I) between KeyCorp and Certain Executive Officers of KeyCorp, dated as of March 8, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.8 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 
 10.17 Form of Change of Control Agreement (Tier II Executives) between KeyCorp and Certain Executive Officers of KeyCorp, dated as of April 15, 2012, filed as Exhibit 10.9 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 
 10.18 KeyCorp Executive Annual Performance Plan (effective March 13, 2019), filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K on March 15, 2019. 
 10.19 KeyCorp Long-Term Incentive Deferral Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.14 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.20 KeyCorp 2010 Equity Compensation Plan (effective March 11, 2010), filed as Exhibit 10.16 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2015. 
 10.21 KeyCorp 2013 Equity Compensation Plan (effective March 14, 2013), filed as Exhibit 10.17 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.22 KeyCorp 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (effective January 10, 2019), filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 8-K on May 24, 2019. 
 10.23 Director Deferred Compensation Plan (May 18, 2000 Amendment and Restatement), filed as Exhibit 10.18 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.24 Amendment to the Director Deferred Compensation Plan (effective December 31, 2004), filed as Exhibit 10.20 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 
 10.25 KeyCorp Amended and Restated Second Director Deferred Compensation Plan (effective September 18, 2013), filed as Exhibit 10.20 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.26 KeyCorp Directors Deferred Share Sub-Plan (effective September 18, 2013), filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.27 KeyCorp Amended and Restated Directors Deferred Share Sub-Plan (effective May 23, 2019), filed as Exhibit 10.27 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2019. 
 10.28 KeyCorp Amended and Restated Directors Deferred Share Sub-Plan (effective September 16, 2020), filed as Exhibit 10 to Form 10-Q for the quarter ended September 30, 2020. 
 10.29 KeyCorp Excess Cash Balance Pension Plan (effective January 1, 1998), filed as Exhibit 10.22 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.30 First Amendment to the KeyCorp Excess Cash Balance Pension Plan (effective July 1, 1999), filed as Exhibit 10.23 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.31 Second Amendment to the KeyCorp Excess Cash Balance Pension Plan (effective January 1, 2003), filed as Exhibit 10.24 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.32 Restated Amendment to KeyCorp Excess Cash Balance Pension Plan (effective December 31, 2004), filed as Exhibit 10.26 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 
 
 179 

Table of contents 

 10.33 Disability Amendment to KeyCorp Excess Cash Balance Pension Plan (effective December 31, 2007), filed as Exhibit 10.21 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 
 10.34 KeyCorp Second Excess Cash Balance Pension Plan (effective February 8, 2010), filed as Exhibit 10.28 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 
 10.35 Trust Agreement for certain amounts that may become payable to certain executives and directors of KeyCorp, dated April 1, 1997, and amended as of August 25, 2003, filed as Exhibit 10.28 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.36 KeyCorp Deferred Savings Plan (effective January 1, 2015), filed as Exhibit 10.31 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2014. 
 10.37 Amendment to the KeyCorp Deferred Savings Plan (effective January 1, 2023). 
 10.38 Amendment to the KeyCorp Deferred Savings Plan (effective January 1, 2023). 
 10.39 KeyCorp Second Deferred Savings Plan (effective January 1, 2019), filed as Exhibit 10.30 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.40 Amended and Restated KeyCorp Second Deferred Savings Plan (effective January 1, 2023). 
 10.41 Amended and Restated First Niagara Bank and First Niagara Financial Group, Inc. Directors Deferred Fees Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.32 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2018. 
 10.42 First Niagara Financial Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, filed as Exhibit 10.33 to Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2017. 
 10.43 First Niagara Financial Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, Amendment Number One, filed as Appendix B to First Niagara Financial Group, Inc. s Schedule 14A filed on March 21, 2014. 
 10.44 First Niagara Financial Group, Inc. 2012 Equity Incentive Plan, Amendment Number Two, filed as Appendix C to First Niagara Financial Group, Inc. s Schedule 14A filed on March 21, 2014. 
 10.45 Letter agreement between KeyBank National Association and Kevin T. Ryan, dated as of July 2, 2022, filed as Exhibit 10.1 to Form 10-Q for the quarterly period ended September 30, 2022 
 21 Subsidiaries of the Registrant. 
 22 Subsidiary Issuers of Guaranteed Securities . 
 23 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm. 
 24 Power of Attorney. 
 31.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 31.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 302 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.1 Certification of Chief Executive Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 32.2 Certification of Chief Financial Officer Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002. 
 101 The following materials from KeyCorp s Form 10-K Report for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in inline XBRL: (i) the Consolidated Balance Sheets; (ii) the Consolidated Statements of Income and Consolidated Statements of Comprehensive Income; (iii) the Consolidated Statements of Changes in Equity; (iv) the Consolidated Statements of Cash Flows; and (v) the Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements. 104 The cover page from KeyCorp s Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022, formatted in inline XBRL (contained in Exhibit 101). Incorporated by reference. Copies of these Exhibits have been filed with 
 180 

Table of contents 

 the SEC. Exhibits that are not incorporated by reference are filed with this report. Shareholders may obtain a copy of any exhibit, upon payment of reproduction costs, by writing KeyCorp Investor Relations, 127 Public Square, Mail Code OH-01-27-0737, Cleveland, OH 44114-1306. 
 KeyCorp hereby agrees to furnish the SEC upon request, copies of instruments, including indentures, which define the rights of long-term debt security holders. All documents listed as Exhibits 10.1 through 10.45 constitute management contracts or compensatory plans or arrangements. 
 
 ITEM 16. FORM 10-K SUMMARY 
 Not applicable. 
 
 181 

SIGNATURES 
 Pursuant to the requirements of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, the Registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by the undersigned, thereunto duly authorized, on the date indicated. 
 
 KEYCORP /s/ Donald R. Kimble Donald R. Kimble Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) February 22, 2023 /s/ Douglas M. Schosser Douglas M. Schosser Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) February 22, 2023 
 Pursuant to the requirements of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the Registrant and in the capacities and on the date indicated. 
 
 Signature Title Christopher M. Gorman Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President (Principal Executive Officer), and Director Donald R. Kimble Chief Financial Officer (Principal Financial Officer) Douglas M. Schosser Chief Accounting Officer (Principal Accounting Officer) Alexander M. Cutler Director H. James Dallas Director Elizabeth R. Gile Director Ruth Ann M. Gillis Director Robin N. Hayes Director Carlton L. Highsmith Director Richard J. Hipple Director Devina A. Rankin Director Barbara R. Snyder Director Richard J. Tobin Director Todd J. Vasos Director David K. Wilson Director 
 
 /s/ James L. Waters By James L. Waters, attorney-in-fact February 22, 2023 

<EX-4.1>
 2
 key-123122xexx41.htm
 EX-4.1

Document 
 EXHIBIT 4.1 

 DESCRIPTION OF KEYCORP S SECURITIES REGISTERED PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 12 OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 
 
 The following summarizes the terms and provisions of the securities of KeyCorp, an Ohio corporation KeyCorp ), registered under Section 12(b) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (the Exchange Act ). The following does not purport to be complete and is qualified in its entirety by reference to KeyCorp s Third Amended and Restated Articles of Incorporation (as amended, the Articles and Third Amended and Restated Regulations (as amended, the Regulations ), which KeyCorp has previously filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission, applicable federal law governing bank holding companies, and applicable Ohio law. 
 
 Authorized Capital 
 
 KeyCorp s authorized capital stock consists of 2,100,000,000 shares of common stock, par value 1.00 per share Common Stock ), and 25,000,000 shares of preferred stock, par value 1.00 per share Preferred Stock ). 
 
 Because KeyCorp is a holding company, the rights of KeyCorp to participate in any distribution of assets of any subsidiary upon its liquidation or reorganization or otherwise (and thus the ability of KeyCorp shareholders to benefit indirectly from such distribution) would be subject to the prior claims of creditors of that subsidiary, except to the extent that KeyCorp itself may be a creditor of that subsidiary with recognized claims. Claims on KeyCorp s subsidiaries by creditors other than KeyCorp will include substantial obligations with respect to deposit liabilities and purchased funds. As a result, shares of KeyCorp capital stock are effectively subordinated to all existing and future liabilities and obligations of its subsidiary, KeyBank. In addition, federal banking law limits the amount of capital distributions that a bank can make to its holding company without prior regulatory approval. 
 
 Under Ohio law, shareholders generally are not personally liable for a corporation s acts or debts. 
 
 Common Stock 
 
 Exchange and Trading Symbol 
 
 Shares of Common Stock are listed for trading on the New York Stock Exchange NYSE under the trading symbol KEY. 
 
 Rights and Preferences 
 
 All outstanding shares of Common Stock are duly authorized, fully paid, and non-assessable. However, Ohio law provides that a shareholder who knowingly receives any dividend, distribution, or payment made contrary to law or the Articles will be liable to KeyCorp for the amount received by such shareholder that is in excess of the amount that could have been paid or distributed without violation of law or the Articles. 
 
 Holders of Common Stock have no conversion, preemptive, or subscription rights. There are no redemption or sinking fund provisions applicable to the Common Stock. The rights, preferences, and privileges of the holders of Common Stock are subject to, and may be adversely affected by, the rights of holders of any shares of Preferred Stock that have been issued or may be issued in the future. 
 
 In the event of KeyCorp s voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up, the holders of Common Stock are entitled to receive, on a share for share basis, any of KeyCorp s assets or funds available for distribution after KeyCorp has paid in full all of its debts and distributions and the full liquidation preferences of all series of its outstanding Preferred Stock. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Subject to the rights, if any, of the holders of any shares of Preferred Stock, holders of Common Stock have exclusive voting rights and are entitled to one vote for each share of Common Stock on all 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 matters voted upon by the shareholders. Holders of Common Stock do not have the right to cumulate their voting power. 
 KeyCorp has adopted a majority voting standard in uncontested elections of directors and plurality voting in contested elections. Except as otherwise provided by the Articles (including Article VI of the Articles), the Regulations, or by law, all matters brought to a vote of the holders of Common Stock must be authorized and approved by the affirmative vote of a majority of the shares of Common Stock represented in person or by proxy at a meeting of KeyCorp s shareholders. 
 
 Dividends 
 Subject to preferences that may be applicable to any then outstanding Preferred Stock, the holders of Common Stock are e ntitled to share equally, share for share, in dividends declared, if any, by the KeyCorp Board of Directors (the Board of Directors out of legally available funds. 
 
 Transfer Agent 
 
 Computershare Investor Services, LLC is the transfer agent for the Common Stock. 
 
 Preferred Stock 
 
 The Board of Directors is authorized to cause shares of Preferred Stock to be issued in one or more series and with respect to each such series, fix (a) the designation of the series, (b) the authorized number of shares of the series, which number the Board of Directors may (except as otherwise provided in the creation of the series) increase or decrease, (c) the dividend rate or rates (which may be fixed or adjustable) of the shares of the series, (d) the dates on which dividends, if declared, will be payable, and, if applicable, the dates from which dividends shall be cumulative, (e) redemption rights and prices, if any, for shares of the series, (f) the amount, terms, conditions, and manner of operation of any retirement or sinking fund to be provided for the purchase or redemption of shares of the series, (g) the amounts payable on the shares of the series in any liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of KeyCorp, (h) whether the shares of the series will be convertible into another class of Preferred Stock or into shares of Common Stock and the terms and conditions upon which conversions may be made, and (i) the restrictions, if any, upon the issue of any additional shares of the same series. 
 The rights of the holders of Common Stock are generally subject to the prior rights of the holders of any outstanding shares of Preferred Stock with respect to dividends, liquidation preferences, and other matters. 
 As of December 31, 2022, KeyCorp has authorized for issuance (1) 21,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series D Series D Preferred Stock ), with a liquidation preference of 25,000 per share, (2) 500,000 shares of Fixed-to-Floating Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series E Series E Preferred Stock ), with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share, (3) 425,000 shares of Fixed Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series F Series F Preferred Stock ), with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share, (4) 450,000 shares of Fixed Rate Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series G Series G Preferred Stock ), with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share, and (5) 600,000 shares of Fixed Rate Reset Perpetual Non-Cumulative Preferred Stock, Series H Series H Preferred Stock ), with a liquidation preference of 1,000 per share. The Series D Preferred Stock, Series E Preferred Stock, Series F Preferred Stock, Series G Preferred Stock, and Series H Preferred Stock are collectively referred to herein as the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock. 
 The Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock rank equally as to dividends and distributions on liquidation and include the same provisions with respect to restrictions on declaration and payment of dividends and voting rights. KeyCorp may from time to time, without notice to or the consent of holders of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, (i) increase (but not in excess of the total number of authorized shares of Preferred Stock) or decrease (but not below the number of shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock outstanding, as applicable) the number of authorized shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, and or (ii) issue additional shares of Preferred Stock that rank equally with or junior to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock. 
 
 Exchange and Trading Symbols 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 Shares of Series E Preferred Stock, Series F Preferred Stock, Series G Preferred Stock, and Series H Preferred Stock are represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1 40th interest in a share of the series. The depositary shares are listed on the NYSE under the following trading symbols 
 
 Depositary Share Trading Symbol Depositary Shares each representing a 1 40th interest in a share of Series E Preferred Stock KEY Prl Depositary Shares each representing a 1 40th interest in a share of Series F Preferred Stock KEY PrJ Depositary Shares each representing a 1 40th interest in a share of Series G Preferred Stock KEY PrK Depositary Shares each representing a 1 40th interest in a share of Series H Preferred Stock Key PrL 
 
 Shares of Series D Preferred Stock are also represented by depositary shares, each representing a 1 25th ownership interest in a share of the series. Neither the Series D Preferred Stock nor the depositary shares representing the series are listed on any securities exchange or electronic trading network. 
 
 For more information on the terms of the depositary shares representing shares of Preferred Stock, see Depositary Shares below. 
 
 Rights and Preferences 
 
 Shares of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock rank, with respect to the payment of dividends and the distribution of assets upon voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, and winding up of the affairs of KeyCorp 
 
 junior to KeyCorp s secured and unsecured debt 
 senior to the Common Stock and any other series of KeyCorp junior stock that may be issued in the future 
 equally with each other and with each other series of Preferred Stock that by its terms is expressly stated to be on parity with the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock and 
 junior to any Preferred Stock that by its terms is expressly stated to be senior to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock. 
 
 In addition, KeyCorp will generally be able to pay dividends and distributions upon the voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of KeyCorp only out of lawfully available assets for such payment (i.e., after taking account of all indebtedness and other non-equity claims). The shares of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock are duly authorized, fully paid, and nonassessable, and holders of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock do not have preemptive or subscription rights to acquire more capital stock of KeyCorp. 
 
 The Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock are not convertible into, or exchangeable for, shares of any other class or series of stock or other securities of KeyCorp. The Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock have no stated maturity and are not subject to any sinking fund or other obligation of KeyCorp to redeem or repurchase the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock. 
 
 Dividends 
 
 The Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock include substantially the same provisions with respect to the payment of dividends. Dividends on shares of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock are not mandatory and are non-cumulative. Holders of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock are entitled to receive, when, as, and if declared by the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee thereof, out of legally available assets, the following dividends on the applicable liquidation price per 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 share, on a non-cumulative cash basis, quarterly in arrears on the 15th day of March, June, September, and December of each year, commencing on the dates set forth below 

Series Dividend Rate Dividend Commencement Date Series D Preferred Stock 5.000 per annum to but excluding September 15, 2026 and thereafter at a floating rate per annum equal to three-month LIBOR, reset quarterly, plus 3.606 . December 15, 2016 Series E Preferred Stock 6.125 per annum to but excluding December 15, 2026 and thereafter at a floating rate per annum equal to three-month LIBOR, reset quarterly, plus 3.892 . March 15, 2017 Series F Preferred Stock 5.650 per annum. December 15, 2018 Series G Preferred Stock 5.625 per annum. September 15, 2019 Series H Preferred Stock 6.200 per annum to but excluding December 15, 2027 and thereafter, during each reset period, at a rate per annum equal to the five-year treasury rate as of the most recent reset date, plus 3.132 . Reset date means December 15, 2027 and each date falling on the fifth anniversary of the preceding reset date. December 15, 2022 
 
 If the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof has not declared and paid a dividend on the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, before the applicable payment date for any dividend period, such dividend will not be cumulative and will not be payable for such dividend period, and KeyCorp will have no obligation to pay dividends for such dividend period, whether or not dividends on the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, parity stock, junior stock, or any other class or series of Preferred Stock, are declared for any future dividend period. 
 
 A dividend period means the period from, and including, a dividend payment date to, but excluding, the next succeeding dividend payment date, except for the initial dividend period, which varies among the series of Preferred Stock and is specified in the terms of each series. For purposes of determining a dividend period during the floating rate period applicable to the Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock, the dividend payment date shall be the actual payment date of the applicable dividend. 
 
 With respect to each dividend period, dividends on the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock are calculated from, and include, the most recently preceding dividend payment date (or, in the case of the initial dividend period, from and including the original issuance date) at the dividend rate on the liquidation preference of 25,000 per share of Series D Preferred Stock (equivalent to 1,000 per depositary share) or 1,000 per share of Series E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock (equivalent to 25 per depositary share). If KeyCorp issues additional shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, the initial dividend period with respect to those additional shares will commence from, and include, the applicable original issuance date of those additional shares (or, for Series H Preferred Stock, from any other date that may be specified at the time such additional shares are issued) at the applicable dividend rate. Notwithstanding the foregoing, dividends on the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock will not be 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 declared, paid, or set aside for payment to the extent such act would cause KeyCorp to fail to comply with laws, rules, and regulations applicable thereto, including applicable regulatory capital rules. 
 
 KeyCorp calculates dividends, including dividends payable for any partial dividend period, on the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock on the basis of a 360-day year consisting of twelve 30-day months. The amount of any dividend payable during a floating rate period applicable to the Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock, including dividends payable for any partial dividend period, will be calculated on the basis of a 360-day year and the actual number of days elapsed. Dollar amounts resulting from that calculation are rounded to the nearest cent, with one-half cent being rounded upward. Dividend rights on any Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock to be redeemed will cease after the redemption date, as described below under - Redemption , unless KeyCorp defaults in the payment of the applicable redemption price of the shares called for redemption. 
 
 KeyCorp pays dividends to the holders of record of shares of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock as they appear on KeyCorp s stock register on each record date, which is the 15th calendar day before the related dividend payment date (provided, however, if any such date is not a business day, then the record date is the next succeeding day that is a business day) or such other date as determined by the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee thereof. If any date on which dividends would otherwise be payable is not a business day, then payment of any dividend otherwise payable on such date is made on the next succeeding business day, without interest or other payment in respect of such delay. In the event that any dividend payment date during the floating rate period applicable to the Series D Preferred Stock or Series E Preferred Stock falls on a date that is not a business day, the payment of any dividend otherwise payable on such date will be made on the next succeeding business day unless that day falls in the next calendar month, in which case payment of any dividend otherwise payable on such date will be made on the immediately preceding business day, and such dividends will be payable on, and calculated to, but excluding, the actual payment date. 
 
 A business day means any day, other than a Saturday or Sunday, that is neither a legal holiday nor a day on which banking institutions and trust companies in New York, New York or Cleveland, Ohio are permitted or required by any applicable law to close. For dividends payable during the floating rate period applicable to the Series D Preferred Stock and Series E Preferred Stock, a business day means any day that would be considered a business day during the fixed rate period that is also a London banking day. 
 
 Dividends on shares of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock are not cumulative. Accordingly, if the Board of Directors or a duly authorized committee thereof does not declare a dividend on the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock payable in respect of any dividend period before the related dividend payment date, such dividend will not be payable and KeyCorp will have no obligation to pay, and the holders of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, shall have no right to receive, dividends for such dividend period on the dividend payment date or at any future time, or interest with respect to such dividends, whether or not dividends on the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, are declared for any future dividend period. 
 
 So long as any share of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock remains outstanding 
 
 1. no dividend shall be declared or paid or set aside for payment and no distribution shall be declared or made or set aside for payment on any junior stock (other than a dividend payable solely in junior stock or any dividend or distribution of capital stock or rights to acquire capital stock of KeyCorp in connection with a shareholders rights plan or any redemption or repurchase of capital stock or rights to acquire capital stock under any such plan) and 
 
 2. no shares of junior stock shall be repurchased, redeemed, or otherwise acquired for consideration by KeyCorp, directly or indirectly (other than (a) as a result of a reclassification of junior stock for or into other junior stock, (b) the exchange or conversion of one share of junior stock for or into another share of junior stock, (c) through the use of the proceeds of a substantially contemporaneous sale of other shares of junior stock, (d) purchases, redemptions, or other acquisitions of shares of junior stock pursuant to any employment contract, benefit plan, or other similar arrangement with or for the benefit of employees, officers, directors, or 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 consultants, (e) purchases of shares of junior stock pursuant to a contractually binding requirement to buy junior stock existing prior to or during the most recent preceding dividend period for which the full dividends for the then most recently completed dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, have been declared and paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment thereof has been set aside, including under a contractually binding stock repurchase plan, or (f) the purchase of fractional interests in shares of junior stock pursuant to the conversion or exchange provisions of such stock or the security being converted or exchanged), nor shall any monies be paid to or made available for a sinking fund for the redemption of any such securities by KeyCorp 
 
 unless, in each case, the dividends for the then most recently completed dividend period on all outstanding shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, have been declared and paid in full or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment in full thereof has been set aside. 
 
 As used herein, junior stock means Common Stock and any other class or series of stock of KeyCorp over which Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock have preference or priority in the payment of dividends or in the distribution of assets on any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of KeyCorp. 
 
 When dividends are not paid in full upon shares of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock and any parity stock, all dividends declared upon shares of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock and any such parity stock will be declared on a proportional basis so that the amount of dividends declared per share will bear to each other the same ratio as the ratio between the then-current dividends due on the shares of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, as applicable, and (i) in the case of any series of parity stock that is non-cumulative Preferred Stock, the aggregate of the current and unpaid dividends due on such series of Preferred Stock, and (ii) in the case of any series of parity stock that is cumulative Preferred Stock, the aggregate of the current and accumulated and unpaid dividends due on such series of Preferred Stock. 
 
 As used herein, parity stock means any other class or series of stock of KeyCorp that ranks equally with the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock in the payment of dividends and in the distribution of assets on any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of KeyCorp. Each of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock is parity stock. 
 
 No interest will be payable in respect of any declared but unpaid dividend payment on shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock that is paid after the relevant dividend payment date for such dividend period. 
 
 If the Board of Directors, or a duly authorized committee thereof, determines not to pay any dividend or a full dividend on the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock on a dividend payment date, KeyCorp will provide, or cause to be provided, written notice to the holders of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, prior to such date. 
 
 Subject to the foregoing, and not otherwise, such dividends (payable in cash, stock, or otherwise), as may be determined by the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee thereof, may be declared and paid on the Common Stock and any other stock ranking equally with or junior to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock from time to time out of any assets legally available for such payment, and the holders of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, shall not be entitled to participate in any such dividend. 
 
 Liquidation Rights 
 
 Upon any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of KeyCorp, holders of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock are entitled to receive out of assets of KeyCorp legally available for distribution to shareholders, after satisfaction of liabilities to creditors and subject to the rights of holders of any securities ranking senior to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, before any distribution of assets is made to holders of Common Stock or of any of KeyCorp s other shares of stock ranking junior as to such a distribution to the shares of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, a 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 liquidating distribution in the amount of the liquidation preference of 25,000 per share of Series D Preferred Stock (equivalent to 1,000 per depositary share) or 1,000 per share of Series E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock (equivalent to 25 per depositary share) plus declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends. Holders of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock will not be entitled to any other amounts from KeyCorp after they have received their full liquidating distribution. 
 
 In any such distribution, if the assets of KeyCorp are not sufficient to pay the liquidation preferences plus declared and unpaid dividends in full to all holders of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock and all holders of any other shares of KeyCorp stock ranking equally as to such distribution with the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, the amounts paid to the holders of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock and to the holders of all such other parity stock will be paid pro rata in accordance with the respective aggregate liquidating distribution owed to those holders. 
 
 If the liquidation preference plus declared and unpaid dividends has been paid in full to all holders of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock and any other shares of KeyCorp stock ranking equally as to the liquidation distribution, the holders of KeyCorp junior stock shall be entitled to receive all remaining assets of KeyCorp according to their respective rights and preferences. 
 
 For purposes of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, the merger, consolidation, or other business combination transaction of KeyCorp into or with any other entity, including a merger, consolidation, or other business combination transaction in which the holders of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock receive cash, securities, or other property for their shares, or the sale, lease, or exchange of all or substantially all of the property and assets of KeyCorp for cash, securities, or other property, shall not constitute a voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or winding up of the affairs of KeyCorp. 
 
 Redemption 
 
 None of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock is subject to any mandatory redemption, sinking fund, or other similar provision. Except upon a regulatory capital treatment event, as described below, the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock is not redeemable prior to the dates set forth below 
 
 Series Date Series D Preferred Stock September 15, 2026 Series E Preferred Stock December 15, 2026 Series F Preferred Stock December 15, 2023 Series G Preferred Stock September 15, 2024 Series H Preferred Stock December 15, 2027 
 
 On those dates, and on any dividend payment date thereafter, the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, will be redeemable at KeyCorp s option, in whole or in part, at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share of Series D Preferred Stock (equivalent to 1,000 per depositary share) or 1,000 per share of Series E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends. Holders of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock will have no right to require the redemption or repurchase of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable. Dividend rights will cease after the applicable redemption date unless KeyCorp defaults in the payment of the redemption price of the shares of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, called for redemption. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time within 90 days of KeyCorp s good faith determination that an event has occurred that would constitute a regulatory capital treatment event (as defined below), KeyCorp may, at its option, subject to the approval of the Federal Reserve, provide notice of KeyCorp s intent to redeem in accordance with the procedures described below, and subsequently redeem, all (but not less than all) of the shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock at the time outstanding at a redemption price equal to 25,000 per share of Series D Preferred Stock (equivalent to 1,000 per 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 depositary share) or 1,000 per share of Series E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock (equivalent to 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends. 
 
 A regulatory capital treatment event means KeyCorp s determination, in good faith, that, as a result of any 
 
 amendment to, clarification of, or change in (including any announced prospective amendment to, clarification of, or change in) the laws, regulations, or policies of the United States or any political subdivision of or in the United States that is enacted or announced or that becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock 
 
 proposed amendment to or change in those laws, regulations, or policies that is announced or becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock or 
 
 official administrative decision, judicial decision, administrative action, or other official pronouncement interpreting or applying those laws, regulations, or policies that is announced or that becomes effective after the initial issuance of any share of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, 
 
 there is more than an insubstantial risk that KeyCorp will not be entitled to treat the full liquidation value of all shares of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock then outstanding as additional tier 1 capital (or its equivalent) for purposes of the capital adequacy guidelines or regulations of the appropriate federal banking agency, as then in effect and applicable, for as long as any share of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock is outstanding. 
 
 If shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock are to be redeemed, the notice of redemption shall be given to the holders of record of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock to be redeemed, either by first class mail, postage prepaid, addressed to the holders of record of such shares to be redeemed at their respective last addresses appearing on KeyCorp s stock register or transmitted by such other method approved by the depositary, in its reasonable discretion, not less than 30 days nor more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption thereof (provided that, if the depositary shares representing the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock are held in book-entry form through the Depository Trust Company (DTC) (or a successor securities depositary), KeyCorp may give such notice in any manner permitted by DTC (or such successor)). Each notice of redemption will include a statement setting forth (1) the redemption date (2) the number of shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock to be redeemed and, if less than all the shares held by such holder are to be redeemed, the number of such shares to be redeemed from such holder (or the method of determining such number) (3) the redemption price (4) the place or places where the certificates evidencing shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock are to be surrendered for payment of the redemption price and (5) that dividend rights with respect to the shares to be redeemed will cease on the redemption date. If notice of redemption of any shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock has been duly given and if on or before the redemption date the funds necessary for such redemption have been set aside by KeyCorp for the benefit of the holders of any shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock so called for redemption, then, on and after the redemption date, dividend rights with respect to such shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock will cease, such shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock shall no longer be deemed outstanding and all rights of the holders of such shares will terminate, except the right to receive the redemption price without interest. See Depositary Shares below for information about redemption of the depositary shares relating to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock. 
 
 In case of any redemption of only part of the shares of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock at the time outstanding, the shares to be redeemed shall be selected either pro rata or by lot (or otherwise, to the extent required by DTC with respect to depositary shares held in book-entry form). 
 
 Shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock that are redeemed, purchased, or otherwise acquired by KeyCorp will be cancelled and revert to authorized, but unissued shares of Preferred Stock, undesignated as to series. 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

Under the Federal Reserve s current risk-based capital regulations applicable to bank holding companies, any redemption of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock is subject to prior approval of the Federal Reserve, and KeyCorp must either replace the shares to be redeemed with an equal amount of instruments that qualify as common equity tier 1 capital or additional tier 1 capital, or demonstrate to the Federal Reserve that following such redemption KeyCorp will continue to hold capital commensurate with its risk. 
 
 Voting Rights 
 
 Except as provided below, the holders of Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock have no voting rights. 
 
 Whenever full dividends on any series of Preferred Stock, including but not limited to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, have not been paid for at least six quarterly dividend periods, whether or not consecutive and whether or not actually declared by the Board of Directors (a Nonpayment ), the holders of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, together with holders of all other outstanding series of Preferred Stock, will be entitled to vote as a single class for the election of a total of two additional members of the Board of Directors (the Preferred Directors ). In that event, the number of directors on the Board of Directors shall automatically increase by two and, at the written request of not less than 20 of the total number of shares of Preferred Stock, including but not limited to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, at the time outstanding, a special meeting of the holders of all such outstanding series of Preferred Stock, including the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, shall be called for the election of the two directors (unless such request is received less than 90 days before the date fixed for the next annual meeting of shareholders, in which event such election shall be held at such next annual meeting of shareholders), followed by such election at each subsequent annual meeting. If the Secretary of KeyCorp fails to call the above special meeting within 20 days of receiving proper notice, any holder of Preferred Stock, including but not limited to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, may call such a meeting at KeyCorp s expense solely for the election of Preferred Directors. These voting rights will continue until full cumulative dividends for all past dividend payment periods on all outstanding series of cumulative Preferred Stock, if any, have been paid or declared and set apart for payment and non-cumulative dividends have been paid regularly for at least one full year on all series of KeyCorp s non-cumulative Preferred Stock. 
 
 The Preferred Directors elected will serve until the next annual meeting of shareholders or until any respective successor is elected and qualified. If and when full non-cumulative dividends on all of KeyCorp s non-cumulative Preferred Stock have been regularly paid for at least a full year following a Nonpayment and all past accumulated dividends on all of KeyCorp s cumulative Preferred Stock, if any, have been paid or declared and a sum sufficient for the payment of such dividends has been set aside, the holders of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock shall be divested of the foregoing voting rights, along with holders of all other outstanding series of Preferred Stock (subject to revesting in the event of any subsequent Nonpayment), and the term of office of the Preferred Directors elected shall continue until KeyCorp s next annual meeting. If any vacancy shall occur in the office of any Preferred Director prior to the end of the term of office, such vacancy shall be filled for the unexpired term by the appointment by the remaining Preferred Director of a new Preferred Director for the unexpired term of such former Preferred Director. The Preferred Directors shall each be entitled to one vote per director on any matter. The right to elect Preferred Directors shall be subject to the same provisions described above in the case of future dividend defaults. 
 
 If the holders of all series of Preferred Stock become entitled to vote as a single class for the election of directors, the Preferred Stock may be considered a class of voting securities under interpretations adopted by the Federal Reserve. As a result, acquisitions of 10 or more of the outstanding shares of Preferred Stock may be subject to prior approval by the Federal Reserve under the Change in Bank Control Act or the Bank Holding Company Act. 
 
 The affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of all of the shares of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, including but not limited to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 Stock, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting called for the purpose at which the holders of such outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall vote separately as a class, shall be required to amend, alter, or repeal the provisions of the Articles or Regulations which would adversely affect the voting powers, rights, or preferences of the holders of such outstanding shares of Preferred Stock (including the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock) provided, however, that neither the amendment of the Articles to authorize or to increase the authorized or outstanding number of shares of any class ranking junior to or on a parity with the Preferred Stock, nor the amendment of the Regulations so as to change the number of KeyCorp s directors, will be deemed to adversely affect the voting powers, rights, or preferences of the holders of Preferred Stock, and accordingly any such amendment referred to in this proviso may be made without the vote or consent of the holders of Preferred Stock (including the holders of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock) and provided further that if any amendment, alteration, or repeal would adversely affect the rights or preferences of one or more but not all of the then outstanding series of Preferred Stock, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the then outstanding shares of the series so affected shall also be required. 
 
 The affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of all of the shares of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, including but not limited to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting called for the purpose at which the holders of such outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall vote separately as a class, shall be necessary to effect the consummation of a combination (as defined in Section 1701.01(Q) of the Ohio General Corporation Law) or majority share acquisition (as defined in Section 1701.01(R) of the Ohio General Corporation Law) involving the Preferred Stock, or of a merger or consolidation of KeyCorp with another corporation or other entity, or any merger or consolidation of KeyCorp with or into any entity other than a corporation (but so far as the holders of Preferred Stock are concerned, such combination, majority share acquisition, merger, or consolidation may be effected with such vote or consent), unless in each case (x) the shares of Preferred Stock remain outstanding or, in the case of any such merger or consolidation with respect to which KeyCorp is not the surviving or resulting corporation, are converted into or exchanged for preference securities of the surviving or resulting corporation or a corporation controlling such corporation that is an entity organized and existing under the laws of the United States, any state thereof or the District of Columbia, and (y) the shares of Preferred Stock remaining outstanding or such new preference securities, as the case may be, have such voting powers, rights, privileges, and preferences as are not materially less favorable to the holders thereof than the voting powers, rights, privileges, and preferences of the holders of Preferred Stock provided that if such amendment, alteration or repeal would adversely affect the rights, privileges, or preferences of one or more but not all then outstanding series of Preferred Stock, the affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the then outstanding shares of the series so affected shall also be required. 
 
 The affirmative vote or consent of the holders of at least two-thirds of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock, given in person or by proxy, either in writing or at a meeting called for the purpose at which the holders of all such outstanding shares of Preferred Stock shall vote as a single class shall be required to effect any one or more of the following 
 
 The authorization of, or the increase in the authorized number of, any shares of any class ranking senior to the Preferred Stock or 
 
 The purchase or redemption for sinking fund purposes or otherwise of less than all of the then outstanding shares of Preferred Stock except in accordance with a purchase offer made to all holders of record of such Preferred Stock, unless all dividends on all Preferred Stock then outstanding for all previous dividend periods shall have been declared and paid or funds sufficient for the payment of those dividends have been set apart and all accrued sinking fund obligations applicable thereto shall have been complied with. 
 
 Additional Classes or Series of Stock 
 
 KeyCorp has the right to create and issue additional classes or series of stock ranking equally with or junior to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock as to dividends and or distribution of assets upon KeyCorp s liquidation, dissolution, or winding up without the consent of the holders of the Series D, 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock or the holders of the related depositary shares. KeyCorp may create and issue additional shares of Preferred Stock senior to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock as to dividends and or distribution of assets upon KeyCorp s liquidation, dissolution, or winding up with the requisite consent of the holders of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock and KeyCorp s parity stock entitled to vote thereon, voting together as a class. 
 
 Registrar 
 
 Computershare Trust Company, N.A. is the registrar and redemption agent and Computershare Inc. is the dividend disbursing agent for the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock. 
 
 Depositary Shares 
 
 For purposes of the following, references to holders of depositary shares mean those who own depositary shares registered in their own names, on the books that KeyCorp or the depositary maintained for this purpose, and not indirect holders who own beneficial interests in depositary shares registered in street name or issued in book-entry form through DTC. 
 
 As described above under Preferred Stock Exchange and Trading Symbols , KeyCorp has issued fractional interests in shares of its Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock in the form of depositary shares. With respect to the Series D Preferred Stock, each depositary share represents a 1 25th ownership interest in a share of Series D Preferred Stock, and with respect to the Series E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, each depositary share represents a 1 40th ownership interest in a share of Series E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, as applicable. The depositary shares are evidenced by a depositary receipt and have been deposited under deposit agreements among KeyCorp and Computershare Trust Company, N.A. and Computershare Inc., jointly as depositary. 
 
 Subject to the terms of the deposit agreements, each holder of a depositary share is entitled, through the depositary, in proportion to the applicable fraction of a share of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, represented by such depositary share, to all the rights and preferences of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock represented thereby (including dividend, voting, redemption, and liquidation rights). Immediately following their issuance, the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock were deposited with the depositary, which then issued depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares to the initial holders thereof. 
 
 Amendment and Termination of the Deposit Agreement 
 
 KeyCorp may amend the forms of depositary receipts evidencing the depositary shares and any provision of the deposit agreements at any time and from time to time by agreement with the depositary without the consent of the holders of depositary receipts. However, any amendment that will materially and adversely alter the rights of the holders of depositary receipts will not be effective unless the holders of at least two-thirds of the affected depositary shares then outstanding approve the amendment. Every holder of an outstanding depositary receipt at the time any such amendment becomes effective shall be deemed, by continuing to hold such depositary receipts, to consent and agree to such amendment and to be bound by the applicable depositary agreement as amended thereby. 
 
 KeyCorp will make no amendment that impairs the right of any holder of depositary shares to receive shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock and any money or other property represented by those depositary shares, except in order to comply with mandatory provisions of applicable law or the rules and regulations of any governmental body, agency, or commission, or applicable securities exchange. 
 
 A deposit agreement will automatically terminate if 
 
 all outstanding depositary shares have been redeemed pursuant to the deposit agreement 
 there shall have been a final distribution made in respect of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, in connection with any voluntary or involuntary liquidation, dissolution, or 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 winding up of the affairs of KeyCorp and such distribution shall have been distributed to the holders of depositary receipts representing depositary shares pursuant to the terms of the applicable deposit agreement 
 upon the consent of holders of the applicable depositary receipts representing in the aggregate not less than two-thirds of the applicable depositary shares outstanding or 
 at any time by any party upon a material breach of a representation, covenant or term of the applicable deposit agreement by any other party which is not cured within a period not to exceed 30 days after the date of written notice thereof. 
 
 Dividends and Other Distributions 
 
 The depositary will distribute all cash dividends or other cash distributions, if any, received in respect of shares of the Preferred Stock underlying the depositary shares to the record holders of depositary shares in proportion to the numbers of depositary shares owned by those holders on the relevant record date. The relevant record date for depositary shares is the same date as the record date for the shares of Preferred Stock. 
 
 If there is a distribution other than in cash, rights, preferences, or privileges the depositary will distribute property received by it to the record holders of depositary shares, unless the depositary determines, in consultation with KeyCorp, that it is not feasible to make such distribution. If this occurs, the depositary may, with KeyCorp s approval, adopt another method for the distribution, including selling the property (at a public or private sale) in a commercially reasonable manner and distributing the net proceeds from the sale to the holders. 
 
 The amounts distributed to holders of depositary shares will be reduced by any amounts required to be withheld by the depositary or by KeyCorp on account of taxes or other governmental charges. 
 
 Redemption of Depositary Shares 
 
 If KeyCorp redeems the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock represented by the depositary shares, the depositary shares will be redeemed from the proceeds received by the depositary resulting from the redemption of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, held by the depositary. The redemption price per depositary share will be equal to 1 25th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series D Preferred Stock (or 1,000 per depositary share) and 1 40th of the redemption price per share payable with respect to the Series E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock (or 25 per depositary share), plus any declared and unpaid dividends, without regard to any undeclared dividends. 
 
 Whenever KeyCorp redeems shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock held by the depositary, the depositary will redeem, as of the same redemption date, the number of depositary shares representing shares of Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock so redeemed. In case of any redemption of less than all of the outstanding depositary shares, the depositary shares to be redeemed will be selected pro rata by lot or in such other manner as the Board of Directors or any duly authorized committee thereof may determine to be fair and equitable. The depositary will mail by first class mail, postage prepaid (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) notice of redemption to record holders of the depositary receipts not less than 30 and not more than 60 days prior to the date fixed for redemption of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, and the related depositary shares. 
 
 Voting the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock 
 
 Because a depositary share represents either a 1 25th interest in a share of Series D Preferred Stock or a 1 40th interest in a share of Series E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, holders of depositary receipts will be entitled to either a 1 25th or 1 40th of a vote per depositary share, as applicable, under those limited circumstances in which holders of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock are entitled to a vote. 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 When the depositary receives notice of any meeting at which the holders of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock are entitled to vote, the depositary will mail (or otherwise transmit by an authorized method) the information contained in the notice to the record holders of the depositary shares relating to the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock. Each record holder of the depositary shares on the record date, which will be the same date as the record date for the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock, may instruct the depositary to vote the amount of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock represented by the holder s depositary shares. To the extent possible, the depositary will vote the amount of the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock represented by depositary shares in accordance with the instructions it receives. KeyCorp will agree to take all reasonable actions that may be deemed necessary to enable the depositary to vote as instructed. If the depositary does not receive specific instructions from the holders of any depositary shares representing the Series D, E, F, G, or H Preferred Stock, as applicable, it will vote all depositary shares of that series held by it proportionately with instructions received. 
 
 Charges of Depositary 
 
 KeyCorp pays all transfer and other taxes and governmental charges arising solely from the existence of the depositary arrangements. KeyCorp has paid, and will pay, associated charges of the depositary in connection with the initial deposit of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock and any redemption of the Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock. Holders of depositary receipts pay transfer, income, and other taxes and governmental charges and such other charges as are expressly provided in the applicable deposit agreement for their accounts. If these charges have not been paid by the holders of depositary receipts, the depositary may refuse to transfer depositary shares, withhold dividends and distributions, and sell the depositary shares evidenced by the depositary receipt. 

Listing 
 
 As described above under Preferred Stock Exchange and Trading Symbols , the depositary shares representing shares of Series E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock are listed on the NYSE. 
 
 Form of Preferred Stock and Depositary Shares 
 
 The depositary shares are issued in book-entry form through DTC. The Series D, E, F, G, and H Preferred Stock are issued in registered form to the depositary. 
 
 Anti-Takeover Effects of Provisions of Ohio Law and KeyCorp s Articles and Regulations 
 
 Ohio Anti-Takeover Law 
 
 Ohio law contains provisions that would make a change in control of KeyCorp more difficult or discourage a tender offer or other plans to restructure KeyCorp. The following discussion of these provisions is qualified in its entirety by reference to those particular statutory provisions. 
 
 Ohio Merger Moratorium Statute 
 
 Ohio law prohibits certain business combinations and transactions, such as mergers, consolidations, combinations or majority share acquisitions between an Ohio issuing public corporation and an interested shareholder, including an affiliate or associate of such interested shareholder (referred to as a Chapter 1704 transaction ), for a period of three years from the date on which a shareholder first becomes an interested shareholder unless, prior to the interested shareholder s share acquisition, the directors of the corporation approved the proposed business combination or transaction or approved the purchase of shares by the interested shareholder. An interested shareholder is defined generally as any person who, directly or indirectly, beneficially owns 10 or more of the outstanding voting stock of the corporation. After such three-year period, a Chapter 1704 transaction is prohibited unless certain fair price provisions are complied with, the directors of the corporation approved the purchase of shares which made the shareholder an interested shareholder, or the shareholders of the corporation approve the proposed business combination or transaction by the affirmative vote of two-thirds of the voting power of 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

 the corporation or such other percentage set forth in the articles of incorporation provided that a majority of the disinterested shareholders approve the transaction. 
 
 The Regulations provide that the affirmative vote of at least two-thirds of the Board of Directors shall be required for the approval or recommendation of a Chapter 1704 transaction, any transaction which results in the issuance or transfer by KeyCorp to any person or entity of voting stock of KeyCorp in an amount greater than 15 of the outstanding voting stock of KeyCorp before giving effect to the issuance or transfer and any transaction involving KeyCorp which has the effect, directly or indirectly, of increasing the proportionate share of the stock or securities of any class or series of KeyCorp which is owned by an interested shareholder. 
 
 Ohio Control Share Acquisition Act 
 
 Additionally, Section 1701.831 of the Ohio Revised Code ORC generally prohibits transactions pursuant to which a person obtains one-fifth or more but less than one-third of all the voting power of a corporation, one-third or more but less than a majority of all of the voting power of a corporation, or a majority or more of all the voting power of a corporation (a control share acquisition ), unless the shareholders approve the transaction at a special meeting, at which a quorum is present, by both the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the corporation and by the affirmative vote of a majority of the voting power of the corporation excluding the voting power of interested shares. Pursuant to the ORC, KeyCorp has opted out of these provisions by providing in its Articles that Section 1701.831 of the ORC will not apply to control share acquisitions of shares of KeyCorp. 
 
 Articles and Regulations 
 
 KeyCorp s Articles and Regulations include anti-takeover provisions that 
 authorize the Board of Directors to issue Preferred Stock in one or more series and, with respect to each series, to fix the number of shares constituting that series and establish the rights and terms of that series with limitations prescribed by the provisions of the Ohio General Corporation Law 
 
 require holders of at least 15 of the shares of Common Stock to call a special meeting of shareholders 
 
 establish advance notice procedures for shareholders to submit nominations of candidates for election to the Board of Directors or other shareholder proposals 
 
 allow KeyCorp s directors to establish the size of the Board of Directors and fill vacancies on the Board of Directors created by an increase in the number of directors 
 
 allow the Board of Directors to fill vacancies on the Board of Directors by the affirmative vote of a majority of the directors then in office, however caused (subject to the rights of the holders of any series of Preferred Stock to fill vacancies in directors elected by such holders) 
 
 provide that the Regulations may be amended by the Board of Directors without shareholder approval and 
 
 provide that KeyCorp shall, to the fullest extent permitted by the Ohio General Corporation Law, indemnify its directors, officers and certain other covered persons against certain liabilities and losses incurred in connection with their positions or services. 
 
 Provisions of the Articles and Regulations may delay or discourage transactions involving an actual or potential change in control of KeyCorp or change in the Board of Directors or management, including transactions in which shareholders might otherwise receive a premium for their shares or transactions that shareholders might otherwise deem to be in their best interests. 
 
 Authorized and Unissued Shares 

EXHIBIT 4.1 

Shares of authorized and unissued Common Stock are available for future issuance at the discretion of the Board of Directors without shareholder approval except as may otherwise be required by Ohio law. The future issuance of additional authorized shares of Common Stock may, among other things, dilute the earnings per share of the Common Stock and the equity and voting rights of those holding Common Stock at the time the additional shares are issued. 
 
 The issuance of additional shares of Preferred Stock by KeyCorp could have certain anti-takeover effects under certain circumstances, and could enable the Board of Directors to render more difficult or discourage an attempt to obtain control of KeyCorp by means of a merger, tender offer, or other business combination transaction directed at KeyCorp by, among other things, placing shares of Preferred Stock with investors who might align themselves with the Board of Directors. 

</EX-4.1>

<EX-10.7>
 3
 key-123122xexx107.htm
 EX-10.7

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.7 

 CASH PERFORMANCE SHARES AWARD AGREEMENT 
 
 KeyCorp grants to the Participant named below, in accordance with the terms, and subject to the conditions, of the KeyCorp 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan ), this Cash Performance Shares Award Agreement (the Award Agreement and the attached Acceptance Agreement, an award of the target number of performance shares Performance Shares or Award ), on the Date of Grant, each as set forth below. 
 
 Each Performance Share represents the contingent right to receive a payment in cash equal to the Fair Market Value of one Common Share, subject to the terms and conditions set forth in the Plan, this Award Agreement and the Acceptance Agreement. The Participant s right to receive payment of all, a portion, or a multiple of the Performance Shares shall be contingent upon the level of achievement of the Performance Goals and the Participant s continued employment, each as provided herein, in all cases subject to the other terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the Plan and the Acceptance Agreement 

Name of Participant Target Number of Performance Shares Date of Grant Vesting Date February 17, 2026, subject to approval of the Compensation and Organization Committee of the Board of Directors, and subject to your continued employment on this date and the achievement of the Performance Goals set forth below (except as otherwise provided in this Award Agreement) Performance Period January 1, 2023 through December 31, 2025 Performance Goal The Participant may vest in between 0 and 150 of the target number of Performance Shares subject to this Award based on the weighted level of achievement of the following Performance Goals during the Performance Period 

Performance Goals 
 Other Factors 
 (Vesting Reduction Only) 
 Performance Metric 
 Weight 
 Threshold 
 Target 
 Maximum 
 50 Weighted 
 Vesting 
 100 Weighted 
 Vesting 
 150 Weighted 
 Vesting 
 Adjusted Return on Tangible Common Equity v. Peers 
 50 
 25 ile 
 50 ile 
 75 ile 
 ERM Dashboard 
 Adjusted Cumulative Earnings Per Share 
 50 
 75 of EPS at Plan 
 100 of EPS at Plan 
 125 of EPS at Plan 
 Execution of Strategic Priorities 
 Multiplier Total Shareholder Return vs. Peer 
 Modifier 
 
 25 ile 
 
 -15 
 25 ile to 75 ile 
 No Impact 
 
 75 ile 
 
 +15 
 Other factors, as appropriate 
 
 Straight line interpolation applies for performance between Threshold and Maximum levels. 
 
 The Committee shall determine the level of achievement of the Performance Goals within two and one-half months after the end of the Performance Period in accordance with the provisions of this Award Agreement, the Plan and the Acceptance Agreement. Notwithstanding any other provision of the Award Agreement, the Committee may reduce the number of Performance Shares otherwise vesting based on the Other Factors set forth above, as determined by the Committee in its sole discretion. 
 
 For purposes of this Award Agreement 

EPS at Plan The Cumulative Earnings Per Share as set forth in the KeyCorp 2023-2025 Long Term Incentive Compensation Plan, which excludes any impact to Cumulative Earnings Per Share based on changes to interest rates. EPS at Plan may be adjusted by KeyCorp, in its discretion, to correspond to changes in interest rates. Total Shareholder Return vs. Peers 
 KeyCorp s percentile ranking among the companies in the Peer Group (as defined below) for total shareholder return for the Performance Period, calculated based on the average closing share price over the last 20 trading days in 2022 compared to the average closing share price over the last 20 days in 2025 plus investment of dividends paid during the Performance Period. Adjusted Return on Tangible Common Equity vs. Peers KeyCorp s percentile ranking among the companies in the Peer Group (as defined below) for average annual return on tangible common equity during the three fiscal years of (or ending during) the Performance Period, with return on tangible common equity calculated as net income from continuing operations attributable to common shareholders divided by average tangible common equity from continuing operations, adjusted to remove the impact of changes in allowance for loan losses in consideration of CECL. Adjusted Cumulative Earnings Per Share vs. Peers The sum of KeyCorp s annual earnings per share for the three fiscal years in the Performance Period, as reported in the Form 10-Ks filed by KeyCorp for such fiscal years, adjusted to remove the impact of changes in allowance for loan losses in consideration of CECL. Peer Group KeyCorp s peer group, as determined annually by the Compensation and Organization Committee of the Board of Directors and identified in KeyCorp s proxy statement. 
 ____________________________________________________________________________________ 
 
 The Participant must accept the Award online within one year from the date of grant and in accordance with the procedures established by KeyCorp and the Award administrator or this Award Agreement may be cancelled by KeyCorp, in its sole discretion. By accepting the Award in accordance with these procedures, the Participant acknowledges that 
 
 This Award is subject to the KeyCorp Incentive Compensation Program and Policy, as amended from time to time. The Participant understands and agrees that the Award is subject to risk adjustment in accordance with the procedures set forth in the KeyCorp Incentive Compensation Program and Policy. These procedures permit Key, in its sole discretion, to decrease, forfeit, or initiate a clawback, of all or any part of the Award under certain circumstances, including in the event that the Participant receives a Does Not Meet risk rating as part of his or her annual performance review, and or in the event of a significant credit, market or operational loss or significant risk event (e.g., high criticality findings, significant failures in the control environment, etc.) (collectively referred to as risk events ). If a risk event occurs, whether at the individual or 

business level, a root cause analysis may be conducted, which may result in a risk adjustment of the Award. 
 
 The Participant understands that as a condition to receiving the Award, the Participant must agree to be bound by and comply with the terms and conditions of the Plan, the Award Agreement and related Acceptance Agreement. As soon as the Participant accepts the Award, the terms and conditions of the Award Agreement and Acceptance Agreement will constitute a legal contract that will bind both the Participant and KeyCorp. 
 
 Additional Terms 

1. Effect of Termination . 
 
 (a) In General . The Award shall be forfeited automatically without further action or notice if the Participant ceases to be continuously employed by Key prior to the Vesting Date, except as otherwise provided in this Section 1. For purposes of this Section 1, the continuous employment of the Participant shall not be deemed to have been interrupted, and the Participant shall not be deemed to have ceased to be an employee of Key, by reason of the transfer of employment among KeyCorp and its affiliates. 
 
 (b) Certain Terminations . Notwithstanding Section 1(a), if, prior to the Vesting Date 
 (i) the Participant s continuous employment is terminated as a result of the Participant s death or Disability, the Participant will immediately vest in the target number of Performance Shares or 
 (ii) the Participant s continuous employment is terminated as a result of Retirement, the Participant shall, (A) for any unvested Performance Shares that were granted one year or more prior to the Participant s effective termination date, fully vest in such Performance Shares, and (B) for any unvested Performance Shares that were granted less than one year prior to Participant s effective termination date, vest in a pro rata portion of such Performance Shares however, Key may, in its sole discretion, provide that any unvested Performance Shares that would otherwise be subject to Section 1(b)(ii)(B) (i.e., vest in a pro rata portion as a result of Retirement because such Performance Shares were granted less than one year prior to Participant s effective termination date) may instead be treated consistent with Section 1(b)(ii)(A) (i.e., fully vest) or 
 (iii) the Participant s continuous employment is terminated as a result of the Participant s Voluntary Resignation on or after attaining age 55 and completion of at least 5 years of service (excluding a Retirement), the Participant will vest in a pro rata portion of any unvested Performance Shares or 
 (iv) the Participant s continuous employment is terminated as a result of a Termination Under Limited Circumstances, the Participant will vest in any unvested Performance Shares on the scheduled Vesting Date(s) provided , however , that should KeyCorp determine, in its sole discretion, that full vesting of any unvested Performance Shares would result in the unjust enrichment of the Participant, or would be contrary to any Key policy, or otherwise could be detrimental to the interests of Key or its shareholders, KeyCorp may choose to vest only a pro-rata portion of the unvested Performance Shares instead. 
 Subject to Section 14 hereof, Performance Shares vested under the provisions of Section 1(b)(i) or (iii) and any Performance Shares subject to pro rata vesting under the provisions of Section 1(b)(ii) or (iv) shall be paid in cash within 45 days after the termination of the Participant s employment, and Performance Shares subject to continued vesting under the provisions of Section 1(b)(ii) or (iv) shall be paid in cash within 45 days after the scheduled Vesting Date(s). 
 The pro rata vesting provided for under this Award Agreement shall be determined by multiplying the number of unvested Performance Shares as of the date of the Participant s termination by a fraction, the numerator of which shall be the number of full months of Participant s continuous employment from the Date of Grant through the date of termination and the denominator of which shall be 36, and adjusting this number at the end of the Performance Period based on the level of achievement of the Performance Goals (and the satisfaction of the other terms and conditions of this Award Agreement, the Plan and the Acceptance Agreement). 
 
 (c) Certain Terminations Within Two Years After a Change of Control . Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of Section 1, if, prior to the Vesting Date, the Participant s continuous employment with Key is terminated within two years following the date of a Change of Control for any reason other than a Voluntary Resignation (excluding a Voluntary Resignation that constitutes a Retirement, as defined above) or a Termination for Cause, the target number of Performance Shares (or if such Change of Control and termination of employment occurs after the end of the Performance Period, the number of 

Performance Shares earned under this Award Agreement based upon achievement of the Performance Goals) shall become immediately vested (without pro ration). Subject to Section 11 hereof, Performance Shares vested under the provisions of this Section 1(c) shall be paid in cash within 45 days after the date of the termination of the Participant s employment. 
 
 2. Payment of Vested Performance Shares . Except as otherwise provided in Sections 1(b) or 1(c), any Performance Shares earned pursuant to this Award Agreement shall become vested only if the Participant remains continuously employed by Key from the Date of Grant through the Vesting Date. Payment of any earned and vested Performance Shares shall be made in the form of cash. Each Performance Share shall have a value equal to the average of the Fair Market Value of one Common Share over the 30 trading days immediately prior to and not including the Vesting Date. Except as otherwise provided in Sections 1(b) or 1(c), and further subject to Section 11 hereof, payment of vested Performance Shares shall occur within 45 days after the Vesting Date. 
 3. Dividend Equivalents . Dividend equivalents shall be credited on the target number of Performance Shares which shall be deemed reinvested and be subject to the same terms and restrictions otherwise applicable to the Performance Shares (including but not limited to vesting requirements) under this Award Agreement, the Plan and the Acceptance Agreement. 
 4. Harmful Activity . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Award Agreement to the contrary, if the Participant engages in any Harmful Activity prior to or within twelve months after the Participant s termination of employment with Key, then the Performance Shares shall be immediately forfeited without further action or notice, and the Participant shall pay to KeyCorp, upon KeyCorp s demand, the amount of any cash payment received by the Participant pursuant to this Award Agreement within one year prior to the Participant s termination of employment. This Section 4 shall not apply in the event that Participant s employment with Key terminates within two years after a Change of Control if any of the following have occurred (a) a relocation of Participant s principal place of employment more than 35 miles from Participant s principal place of employment immediately prior to the Change of Control, (b) a reduction in Participant s base salary after a Change of Control, or (c) Participant s termination of employment as a result of a Termination Under Limited Circumstances. This Section 4 shall survive the termination of Participant s employment. 
 5. KeyCorp s Reservation of Rights . As a condition of receiving this Award, the Participant acknowledges and agrees that Key intends to comply with the requirements of (a) the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act (including clawback provisions), as the same may be amended from time to time (b) the banking regulatory agencies Guidance on Sound Incentive Compensation Policies and (c) KeyCorp s risk requirements and policies. As a condition of receiving this Award, the Participant understands and agrees that KeyCorp may, in its sole discretion, (x) decrease or cause the forfeiture of all or any part of this Award, (y) initiate a clawback of all or any part of this Award, and or (z) demand the Participant s repayment to KeyCorp of any cash paid to the Participant under this Award if KeyCorp determines that such action is necessary or desirable. 
 6. Relation to Other Benefits . Any economic or other benefit to the Participant under this Award Agreement shall not be taken into account in determining any benefits to which the Participant may be entitled under any profit-sharing, retirement or other benefit or compensation plan maintained by Key and shall not affect the amount of any life insurance coverage available to any beneficiary under any life insurance plan covering employees of Key. 
 7. Taxes and Withholding . To the extent that Key is required to withhold any federal, state, local or other taxes in connection with the delivery of Common Shares under this Award Agreement, then Key shall retain a number of Common Shares otherwise deliverable hereunder with a value equal to the required withholding (based on the Fair Market Value of the Common Shares on the date of delivery). To the extent that Key is required to withhold any federal, state, local or other taxes at any time other than upon delivery of Common Shares under this Award Agreement, then Key shall have the right in its sole discretion to (a) require the Participant to pay or provide for payment of the required tax withholding, (b) retain a number of Common Shares that otherwise would remain subject to this Award with a value equal to the required withholding amount (determined based on the Fair Market Value of the Common Shares on the date the applicable taxes are required to be withheld) and make a corresponding reduction in the number of Performance Shares subject to this Award, or (c) deduct the required tax withholding from any other compensation payable in cash to the Participant. To the extent that withholding taxes are satisfied by the retention of Common Shares, the value of the Common Shares so retained shall not exceed the amount of taxes required to be withheld based on the maximum statutory tax rates in the applicable taxing jurisdictions. Further, to the extent that this Award constitutes a deferral of compensation subject to Section 409A of the Code, any retention of Common Shares pursuant to clause (b) of the immediately preceding sentence to satisfy tax withholding requirements at any time other than at the time of delivery of 

Common Shares shall be effected only as permitted pursuant to Treasury Regulations Sections 1.409A-3(j)(4)(vi) and 1.409A-3(j)(4)(xi), as applicable. 
 8. Non-Transferability . Except as otherwise provided in this Award Agreement or the Plan, the Award may not be transferred, assigned, pledged or hypothecated in any manner, or be subject to execution, attachment or similar process, by operation of law or otherwise, other than by will or the laws of descent and distribution. Any purported transfer or encumbrance in violation of the provisions of this Section 8 shall be void, and the other party to any such purported transaction shall not obtain any rights to or interest in the Award. 
 9. No Employment Contract . Nothing contained in this Award Agreement shall confer upon the Participant any right with respect to continuance of employment by Key, nor limit or affect in any manner the right of Key to terminate the employment or adjust the compensation of the Participant. 
 10. Source of Payments . Any cash payments to the Participant under this Award Agreement shall be paid from KeyCorp s general assets. 
 
 11. Entire Agreement Amendments . This Award Agreement, along with the Plan and the related Acceptance Agreement, contains the entire agreement and understanding of the parties with respect to the subject matter contained therein, and supersedes all prior written or oral communications, representations and negotiations in respect thereto. KeyCorp may modify or amend this Award Agreement at any time upon written notice to the Participant, provided that KeyCorp may not amend this Award Agreement in a manner adverse to the interests of the Participant without the Participant s consent. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Award Agreement, if the Committee determines that a change in the business, operations, corporate structure or capital structure of KeyCorp, the manner in which it conducts business or other events or circumstances render the Performance Goals to be unsuitable, the Committee may modify the Performance Goals and or the related threshold, target and maximum levels of achievement, in whole or in part, as the Committee deems appropriate. Except where the Plan provides that the Award Agreement and or related Acceptance Agreement may provide for different or additional terms or conditions to those provided in the Plan (in which case those terms or conditions contained in the Award Agreement and or Acceptance Agreement will govern), in the event of any inconsistency between the provisions of this Award Agreement or the related Acceptance Agreement, on the one hand, and the Plan, on the other, the Plan shall govern. 
 12. Administration . KeyCorp shall have the right, in accordance with the Plan, to determine any questions which arise in connection with the Award. All such determinations and decisions shall be final, conclusive and binding on all persons, including Key, the Participant and the Participant s estate and beneficiaries. 
 13. Successors and Assigns . Without limiting Section 8, the provisions of this Award Agreement shall inure to the benefit of, and be binding upon, the successors, administrators, heirs, legal representatives and assigns of the Participant, and the successors and assigns of KeyCorp. 
 14. Compliance with Section 409A of the Internal Revenue Code . To the extent applicable, it is intended that this Award comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code Section 409A ). The Award shall accordingly be administered in a manner consistent with this intent, and any provision that would cause the Award to fail to satisfy Section 409A shall have no force and effect until amended to comply with Section 409A. In particular, if Participant is a specified employee, as determined by Key in accordance with Section 409A, then to the extent required in order to comply with Section 409A, all payments, benefits or reimbursements paid or provided under this Award that constitute a deferral of compensation within the meaning of Section 409A, that are provided as a result of Participant s separation from service and that would otherwise be paid or provided during the first six months following Participant s separation from service shall be accumulated through (without interest) and paid or provided no earlier than six (6) months following Participant s separation from service (or, if Participant should die during such six-month period, as soon as administratively possible). Further, but solely to the extent necessary to comply with Section 409A, a transaction shall be considered a Change of Control only if it also qualifies as a change in the ownership, a change in the effective control or a change in the ownership of a substantial portion of the assets of KeyCorp within the meaning of Section 409A, and the Participant s Disability will be treated as such only if the Participant would also be considered disabled within the meaning of Section 409A. 
 
 15. Definitions . Capitalized terms used herein without definition shall have the meanings assigned to them in the Plan, as in effect on the Date of Grant. Notwithstanding the foregoing, the following capitalized terms shall have the following definitions for purposes of this Award Agreement 
 (a) Retirement shall mean the Participant s Voluntary Resignation on or after attaining age 60 and completion of at least 10 years of service. 

(b) Termination Under Limited Circumstances shall mean the Participant s termination of employment with Key wherein all of the following events occur (1) the Participant s employment with Key terminates under circumstances in which the Participant becomes entitled to receive either (i) a severance payment under the KeyCorp Separation Pay Plan as in effect at the time of the Participant s Employment Termination Date, or (ii) salary continuation benefits under the terms and conditions of an employment separation or letter agreement with Key, including, without limitation, a Change of Control Agreement (2) Participant executes and delivers to Key, within 50 calendar days after the termination of Participant s employment, a release of claims in a form provided by Key and (3) such release of claims becomes effective and irrevocable in accordance with its terms. 

ACCEPTANCE AGREEMENT 
 
 I acknowledge receipt of the attached Award and in consideration thereof, I accept such Award subject to the terms and conditions of the KeyCorp 2019 Equity Compensation Plan (the Plan ), the related Award Agreement, and the restrictions that are set forth in this Acceptance Agreement. 
 
 I also understand and agree that the restrictions set forth in this Acceptance Agreement are (i) in addition to, and do not in any way limit or vary the restrictions that are contained in any other agreement, plan, policy, or practice that are applicable to me as an employee of Key, and (ii) binding upon me regardless of whether I vest, sell, transfer, pledge, hypothecate, or otherwise dispose of the Award or any amount to be paid to me pursuant to the Award. 
 
 1. I recognize the importance of preserving the confidentiality of Non-Public Information of Key, and I acknowledge and agree that (a) during my employment with Key, I will acquire, reproduce, and use such Non-Public Information only to the extent reasonably necessary for the proper performance of my duties (b) both during and after my employment with Key, I will not use, publish, sell, trade or otherwise disclose such Non-Public Information and (c) upon the termination of my employment with Key, I will immediately return to Key all documents, data, information and equipment in my possession or to which I have access that may contain such Non-Public Information. I also agree to enter into and to execute nondisclosure agreements in favor of Key and others doing business with Key with whom Key has a confidential relationship. Non-Public Information shall mean, but is not limited to, trade secrets, confidential processes, programs, software, formulas, methods, business information or plans, financial information, and listings of names (e.g., employees, customers, and suppliers) that are developed, owned, utilized, or maintained by an employer such as Key, and that of its customers or suppliers, and that are not generally known by the public. 
 
 I acknowledge that Key has informed me that I will not be held criminally or civilly liable under any federal or state trade secret law for the disclosure of Non-Public Information that (1) is made (a) in confidence to a Federal, state or local government official, either directly or indirectly, or to an attorney, and (b) solely for the purpose of reporting or investigating a suspected violation of law or (2) is made in a complaint or other document filed in a lawsuit or other proceeding, if such filing is made under seal. Disclosure of Non-Public Information to attorneys, made under seal, or pursuant to court order is also protected in certain circumstances under the federal Defend Trade Secrets Act. This provision does not limit my right to respond accurately and fully to any question, inquiry or request for information when required by legal process or from initiating communications directly with, or responding to any inquiry from, or providing testimony before, any self-regulatory organization or state or federal regulatory authority, regarding Key, my employment, or this provision. Furthermore, I am not required to contact Key regarding the subject matter of any such communications before engaging in such communications. I understand that my rights as set forth in this paragraph apply to this Acceptance Agreement, as well as any similar agreement that I have entered into, or may enter into, with Key regarding non-disclosure of information. 
 
 2. I acknowledge and agree that the duties of my position at Key may include the development of Intellectual Property, and that any Intellectual Property which I create with any of Key s resources or assistance, in whole or in part, and which pertains to the business of Key is the property of Key. I hereby agree and I hereby assign to Key all right, title, and interest in and absolute title to such Intellectual Property, including, without limitation, copyrights, trademarks, service marks, and patents in or to (or 

associated with) such Intellectual Property and I agree that I will execute all patent applications and assignments thereof on Key s behalf without additional compensation. Intellectual Property shall mean any invention, idea, product, method of doing business, market or business plan, process, program, software, formula, method, work of authorship, or other information, or thing. 
 
 3. Except in the proper performance of my duties for Key, I acknowledge and agree that from the date hereof through a period of one (1) year after the termination of my employment with Key for any reason, I will not, directly or indirectly, for myself or on behalf of any other person or entity, hire or solicit or entice for employment any Key Employee, without the written consent of Key (which consent Key may grant or withhold in its discretion). Key Employees shall include (i) all current Key employees, and (ii) all persons who were employed by Key at any time during the six (6) month period prior to my termination from Key. 
 
 4. (a) During the course of my employment at Key, I may become aware of Key's customers and prospects through access to trade secrets or other confidential or proprietary information. Except in the performance of my duties for Key, I acknowledge and agree that, from my employment date through a period of one (1) year following my termination of employment with Key for any reason, I will not, directly or indirectly, for myself or on behalf of any other person or entity 
 
 (1) solicit any Key customer or potential Key customer for the purposes of directly or indirectly furnishing any financial or banking products or services that compete with or are a substitute for the products and or services offered by Key, provided that such restriction shall only apply to (a) any Key customers (i) with whom I directly interacted regarding Key s products or services, (ii) for whom I provided products or services, or (iii) about whom I was provided access to trade secrets or other confidential and proprietary information as an employee of Key and (b) any Key prospects with whom I directly interacted regarding Key s products or services in the 12 months immediately preceding the termination of your employment with Key and about whom I was provided access to trade secrets or other confidential and proprietary information as an employee of Key and 
 
 (2) conduct business with any such Key customers and prospects, provided that such restriction only would apply to financial and banking products and services that compete with or are a substitute for the products and or services offered by Key and as such restrictions may be limited by FINRA Rule 2140. 
 
 If anything contained in this non-solicitation provision or the non-solicitation provision in paragraph 3 above should be determined by any court to be illegal, invalid, unenforceable, or otherwise contrary to public policy, the validity and enforceability of the remaining parts, terms, or provisions shall not be affected thereby and said illegal or invalid part, term, or provision shall be amended to make it enforceable. 
 
 (b) In the event that my employment with Key is terminated as a result of a Termination Under Limited Circumstances, the restrictions in paragraph 4(a) of this Acceptance Agreement shall become inapplicable to me however, the restrictions in paragraphs 1, 2, and 3 of this Acceptance Agreement shall remain in full force and effect. 
 
 5. The aforementioned restrictions in paragraphs 1, 2, 3 and 4(a) of this Acceptance Agreement shall not apply in the event that, within the 2-year period commencing on a Change of Control (i) my employment with Key is terminated as a result of a Termination Under Limited Circumstances, or (ii) I terminate employment with Key after either (x) a relocation of my principal place of employment more than 35 miles from my principal place of employment immediately prior to the Change of Control, or (y) a reduction in my base salary after a Change of Control. 
 
 6. I agree that the Plan, the Award Agreement and this Acceptance Agreement will be governed by Ohio law without regard to conflicts of laws principles, and that if any term, condition, clause or provision of the Plan, the Award Agreement or this Acceptance Agreement is determined by a Court of competent jurisdiction to be void or invalid at law, then only that term, condition, clause or provision determined to be void or invalid shall be stricken, and the remainder of the Plan, the Award Agreement and this Acceptance Agreement shall remain in full force and effect in all other aspects. 
 
 I also understand and agree that if I engage in any activity that is in violation of the Plan, the Award Agreement or this Acceptance Agreement, such conduct may cause serious damage and irreparable injury to Key, and Key at its election may terminate my employment (if I am still employed), seek monetary 

damages and attorney fees, and injunctive relief without the necessity of posting bond, as well as any and all other equitable relief to which it may be entitled under the law, the Plan, the Award Agreement and this Acceptance Agreement. 

</EX-10.7>

<EX-10.37>
 4
 key-123122xexx1037.htm
 EX-10.37

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.37 

 AMENDMENT TO THE 
 KEYCORP DEFERRED SAVINGS PLAN 
 
 WHEREAS , KeyCorp maintains the KeyCorp Deferred Savings Plan (the Plan ), which was amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2015 and amended effective as of December 31, 2018 in order to freeze all accruals of Plan Accounts under the Plan as such date. 
 
 WHEREAS , by action taken by the Administrative Oversight Committee (the AOC on August 29, 2022, the AOC determined to amend the Plan to revise the definitions of certain terms used in the Plan and to update the Plan provisions relating to the Plan s fiduciary governance and claims and appeals procedures. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , effective as of January 1, 2023, the Plan is hereby amended as follows 
 
 1. Paragraph (c) of Section 2.1 of the Plan is hereby revised in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 (c) Change of Control shall mean a Change of Control as such term is defined in the KeyCorp 2019 Equity Compensation Plan or any such successor to such plan. 
 
 2. Paragraphs (cc) through (ii) of Section 2.1 of the Plan are hereby designated as paragraphs (dd) through (jj), respectively, of Section 2.1 of the Plan. 
 
 3. A new paragraph (cc) is hereby added to Section 2.1 of the Plan after paragraph (bb) of Section 2.1 of the Plan to read as follows 
 
 (cc) Plan Administrator shall mean the Corporation, the Corporation's Compensation and Benefits Oversight Committee, and any delegees as may be appropriate. 
 
 3. Section 9.2 of the Plan is hereby revised to read in its entirety as follows 
 
 9.2 Claims Review Procedure . 
 
 (a) Claim for Plan Benefits . Any person or entity claiming a benefit under the Plan (hereinafter referred to as Claimant must submit a written claim for Plan benefits by filing an application with the Plan Administrator. A Claimant s written claim must include the following information 
 
 The Plan name, 
 The Claimant s name, address, and contact information, 
 The Claimant s Social Security Number, 
 The Claimant s employer i.e. , KeyCorp 1 ), 
 The Claimant s employment dates i.e., hire date and termination date), 
 The date the Claimant would like the Plan benefit to begin to be paid, and 
 If the Claimant is not the Participant, the written claim should include documentation evidencing the Claimant s representation of the Participant. 
 
 Any written claim for benefits must be sent to 
 Benefits Administration 
 4910 Tiedeman Road 
 OH-01-49-0256 
 Brooklyn, OH 44114 
 
 (b) Denied Claims . If the Plan Administrator decides for whatever reason to deny, whether in whole or in part, a Claimant s claim for benefits under the Plan, the Plan Administrator shall provide the Claimant with written notice of its decision within 90 days of the date on which the claim was received. If the Plan Administrator determines that an extension of time is necessary due to special circumstances, the Plan Administrator may take another 90 days (not taking into account any time provided to the Claimant to furnish any specified information) to respond to the claim. When special circumstances require an extension for processing, the Plan Administrator will provide the Claimant with written notice of the extension before it begins. The notice will explain the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render a decision. 

EXHIBIT 10.37 

 Notice of a claim denial shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant and shall contain 
 (i) A statement of the specific reasons for the denial of the claim, 
 (ii) Reference to the specific Plan provision on which the determination is based, 
 (iii) A description of any additional information needed for the Claimant to improve or refine the Claimant s claim and an explanation of why that information is needed, and 
 (iv) A description of the Plan s review procedures, time limits applicable to such procedures and statement of the Claimant s right to bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. 
 
 (c) Appeals . The Claimant or the Claimant s authorized representative may ask the Plan Administrator for a review of a denied claim within 60 days after the Claimant receives the initial denial notice. If the Claimant does not request an appeal within the 60-day period, the claim denial will be final and the Claimant will have no right to bring any legal action on such claim. Any appeal must be in writing and include 
 
 The Plan name, 
 The Claimant s name, address, and contact information, 
 The Claimant s Social Security Number, 
 The Claimant s employer, 
 The Claimant s employment dates i.e., hire date and termination date), 
 The date on which the Claimant s request was filed with the Plan Administrator, 
 The specific portions of the denial that the Claimant requests the Plan Administrator to review, 
 A statement setting forth the basis upon which the Claimant believes the Plan Administrator should reverse the previous denial of the Claimant s claim for benefits and accept the Claimant s claim as made, and 
 Any written material which the Claimant would like the Plan Administrator to review. 
 
 The Claimant may provide documents, records and other information relating to the claim. The Plan Administrator s review will consider all material and information which the Claimant submits, regardless of whether it was submitted with the initial claim. The Claimant may also request, in writing, the opportunity to review and make copies of the legal Plan document and other Plan materials that are relevant to the Claimant s claim. 
 
 Any written request for review must be sent to 
 Benefits Administration 
 4910 Tiedeman Road 
 OH-01-49-0256 
 Brooklyn, OH 44114 
 
 (d) Denial Upon Appeal . The Plan Administrator will conduct a full and fair review of the Claimant s request for review at its next monthly meeting, unless the Claimant s request is received by the Plan Administrator less than 30 days prior to the next meeting, in which case the Claimant s request will be reviewed at the second monthly meeting following the Plan Administrator s receipt of the Claimant s request. When special circumstances require an extension for processing, the Plan Administrator will provide the Claimant with written notice of the extension before it begins. The notice will explain the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render a decision. 
 
 Following its review, the Plan Administrator will render its written decision on review to the Claimant in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant, and such notice will specify the reasons and Plan provisions upon which the Plan Administrator s decision was based. 
 
 Notice of a claim denial upon appeal shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant and shall contain 
 
 (i) A statement of the specific reasons for the denial of the claim, 
 (ii) Reference to the specific Plan provision on which the determination is based, 
 (iii) A statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimant s claim for benefits, and 

EXHIBIT 10.37 

(iv) A statement of the Claimant s right to bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the period of time beginning on March 1, 2020 and ending 60 days after the end of the national emergency related to COVID-19 (the Outbreak Period ), deadlines relating to a claim or appeal under the Plan are extended as if the time period for taking the action began on the day after the end of the Outbreak Period. However, in no event will an applicable deadline occurring during the Outbreak Period be extended for longer than one year from the original deadline. 
 
 If the Plan Administrator s decision is favorable to the Claimant, it shall be binding and conclusive. If the Plan Administrator s decision is adverse to the Claimant, it shall be binding and conclusive unless the Claimant notifies the Plan Administrator within 90 days after the mailing or delivery to the Claimant by the Plan Administrator of its decision that the Claimant intends to institute legal proceedings challenging the decision of the Plan Administrator, and actually institutes such legal proceeding within 180 days after such mailing or delivery. Any such legal proceeding must be brought in the federal courts for the Northern District of Ohio. Any such legal proceeding brought after the date described will be precluded. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , KeyCorp has caused this Amendment to the Plan to be executed by its duly authorized officer on the date set forth blow. 
 
 KEYCORP 
 By _ s Andrea R. McCarthy ________ 
 Title _ Assistant Secretary ___________ 
 Date _ November _________, _ 7 __ 2022 

1 KeyCorp refers to KeyCorp and any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 

</EX-10.37>

<EX-10.38>
 5
 key-123122xexx1038.htm
 EX-10.38

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.38 

 AMENDMENT TO THE 
 KEYCORP DEFERRED SAVINGS PLAN 
 
 WHEREAS , KeyCorp maintains the KeyCorp Deferred Savings Plan (the Plan ), which was amended and restated effective as of January 1, 2015, and amended, effective as of December 31, 2018, in order to freeze all accruals of Plan Accounts under the Plan as of such date, and further amended, effective as of January 1, 2023, to revise certain definitions and to update the Plan provisions relating to the Plan s fiduciary governance and claims and appeals procedures and 
 
 WHEREAS , by action taken by the Administrative Oversight Committee (the AOC on December 16, 2022, the AOC determined to amend the Plan to revise the provision governing the rate of interest credited on account balances during an installment payment distribution period. 
 
 NOW, THEREFORE , effective as of January 1, 2023, the Plan is hereby amended as follows 
 
 1. Subparagraph (i) of Paragraph (b) of Section 7.5 of the Plan is hereby revised in its entirety to read as follows 
 
 (i) The Participant's vested unpaid Plan Account balances invested for bookkeeping purposes in the Plan's Investment Funds and or Interest Bearing Account shall be reflected in a distribution sub-account, which shall be credited monthly with interest based on the monthly Interest Bearing Account rate during the Participant's installment distribution period. Installment distributions shall equal the Plan Account balances divided by the remaining number of installments over the Participant's elected installment distribution period. 
 
 IN WITNESS WHEREOF , KeyCorp has caused this Amendment to the Plan to be executed by its duly authorized officer on the date set forth below. 
 
 KEYCORP 
 
 By __ s Andrea R. McCarthy ___________ 
 
 Title Assistant Secretary _______________ 
 
 Date _ December 20, 2022 ______________ 

</EX-10.38>

<EX-10.40>
 6
 key-123122xexx1040.htm
 EX-10.40

Document 
 EXHIBIT 10.40 

THE KEYCORP 
 
 SECOND DEFERRED SAVINGS PLAN 

Amended and Restated Effective as of January 1, 2023 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 KEYCORP 
 
 SECOND DEFERRED SAVINGS PLAN 
 
 ARTICLE I - PURPOSE EFFECTIVE DATE PLAN TYPE 
 
 1.1 Purpose . The purpose of this Second Deferred Savings Plan (hereinafter, the Plan is to permit a select group of management or highly compensated employees of KeyCorp (and its selected subsidiaries and or affiliates) to defer the receipt of income which would otherwise become payable to them. It is intended that this Plan, by providing these eligible individuals an opportunity to defer the receipt of income, will assist in retaining and attracting individuals of exceptional ability. It is the intention of KeyCorp and it is the understanding of those employees covered under the Plan that the Plan constitutes a nonqualified plan of deferred compensation for a select group of KeyCorp employees, and, as such, it is unfunded for tax purposes and for purposes of Title I of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, as amended ERISA ). It is also the understanding of employees covered under the Plan that the Plan is subject to the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and that the Plan will be administered in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A. 
 
 1.2 Effective Date . It is intended that all of the amounts deferred and benefits provided under this Plan will be subject to the terms of Section 409A of the Code. The Plan was originally adopted effective as of January 1, 2019 and is amended and restated as set forth herein effective as of January 1, 2023 with respect to compensation earned on or after such date. Amounts deferred and credited to Participant Accounts under the Plan prior to January 1, 2023 shall remain subject to the terms of the Plan as in effect immediately prior to such date. 
 
 1.3 Plan Type . For purposes of Section 409A, the portion of the amounts deferred by the Participants and benefits attributable thereto, shall be considered an elective account balance plan as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A -1(c)(2)(i)(A), or as otherwise provided by the Code and the portion of the amounts deferred as matching or employer contributions and benefits attributable thereto shall be considered a nonelective account balance plan as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A -1(c)(2)(i)(B), or as otherwise provided by the Code. 
 
 ARTICLE II - DEFINITIONS 
 
 For the purpose of this Plan, the following terms shall have the meanings indicated, unless the context clearly indicates otherwise 
 
 2.1 Account . Account means the bookkeeping account maintained on the books of the Corporation used solely to calculate the amount payable to each Participant under this Plan and shall not constitute a separate fund of assets. An Account shall be deemed to exist from the time amounts are first credited to such Account until such time that the entire Account balance has been distributed in accordance with this Plan. 
 
 2.2 Beneficiary . Beneficiary means the person, persons or entity as designated by the Participant, entitled under Article VI to receive any Plan benefits payable after the Participant's death. 
 
 2.3 Board . Board means the Board of Directors of the Corporation. 
 
 2.4 Change of Control . A Change of Control means a Change of Control as defined under the KeyCorp 2019 Equity Compensation Plan, or any successor equity compensation plan of the Corporation, as either may be amended from time to time and as in effect on the relevant date. 
 
 2.5 Code . Code means the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as may be amended from time to time. Any reference in this Plan to applicable guidance , further guidance or other similar term shall include any proposed, temporary or final regulations, or any other guidance, promulgated with respect to or in connection with Section 409A by the U.S. Department of Treasury or the Internal Revenue Service. 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 2.6 Committee . Committee means the Corporation's Compensation and Benefits Oversight Committee, or any successor committee thereto, or any committee or individual to whom the Committee (or its successor) has delegated authority. 
 
 2.7 Compensation . Compensation means (i) the base salary payable to, (ii) annual bonus earned by, and (iii) other bonus or incentive compensation (including commissions) earned by a Participant with respect to employment services performed for the Corporation by the Participant and considered to be wages for purposes of federal income tax withholding. For purposes of this Plan only, Compensation shall be calculated before reduction for any amounts deferred by the Participant pursuant to the Corporation's tax qualified plans which may be maintained under Section 401(k) or Section 125 of the Code, or pursuant to this Plan or any other non-qualified plan which permits the voluntary deferral of compensation. The Plan Administrator shall determine which compensation is included within this definition of Compensation, and such determination by the Plan Administrator is final and binding unless arbitrary or capricious. Notwithstanding the foregoing, however, the following compensation shall specifically not be included 
 
 a. any amount attributable to the Participant's receipt of stock appreciation rights, restricted stock awards, and stock units, the amount of any gain to the Participant upon the exercise of a stock option, and any other amount received (in cash, stock or other property) pursuant to awards granted under the KeyCorp 2019 Equity Compensation Plan or any other equity compensation plan of the Corporation (including awards granted under any such equity compensation plan in substitution for awards held by employees of an employer company who become employees of the Corporation or a subsidiary as a result of a merger or consolidation with the Corporation or a subsidiary, or the acquisition by the Corporation or a subsidiary of the assets of the employer company, or the acquisition by the Corporation or a subsidiary of stock of the employer company) 
 b. any amount attributable to the Participant's receipt of non-cash remuneration which is included in the Participant's income for federal income tax purposes 
 c. any amount attributable to the Participant's receipt of moving expenses and any relocation bonus paid to the Participant during the Plan Year 
 d. any amount attributable to any severance paid by an Employer or the Corporation to the Participant 
 e. any amount attributable to fringe benefits (cash and non-cash), regardless of whether any or all such items are includible in such Participant's gross income for federal tax purposes 
 f. any amount attributable to any bonus or payment made as an inducement for the Participant to accept employment with an Employer and 
 g. any amounts attributable to deferred cash award payments to the Participant. 
 
 2.8 Corporation . Corporation means KeyCorp, an Ohio corporation, or any successor to the business thereof. Unless specifically indicated otherwise, Corporation also refers to the Participant's Employer, as appropriate. 
 
 2.9 Deferral Commitment . Deferral Commitment means a commitment made by a Participant to defer a portion of Compensation as set forth in Article III, and as permitted by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion. The Deferral Commitment shall apply to each payment of Compensation payable to a Participant, and the Plan Administrator is empowered to administratively group the various types of Compensation together for purposes of effecting the election to defer. By way of example the Plan Administrator may apply the election to defer salary to salary, commissions, and any other regularly occurring form of compensation or the Plan Administrator may apply the election to defer bonus to annual bonuses, short-term bonus, long term bonus arrangements and other forms of incentive based compensation, except that annual bonus and other incentive compensation may be distinguished to permit separate election to defer. Such designation shall be made in the form of a whole percentage. Any Deferral Commitment shall be made in a form and at a time deemed acceptable to the Plan Administrator. 
 
 2.10 Deferral Period . Deferral Period means each calendar year that a Participant is eligible to participate in the Plan, except that if a Participant first becomes eligible after the beginning of a calendar 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 year, the initial Deferral Period shall be the date the Participant first becomes eligible to participate in this Plan through and including December 31 st of that calendar year. 
 
 2.11 Determination Date . Determination Date means each calendar day. 
 
 2.12 Discretionary Contribution . Discretionary Contribution means the Corporation contribution credited to a Participant's Account under Section 4.5, as determined by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion. 
 
 2.13 Distribution Election . Distribution Election means the form prescribed by the Plan Administrator and completed by the Participant, indicating the chosen form of payment for benefits payable from each Account under this Plan, as elected by the Participant. 
 
 2.14 Employee. Employee shall mean a common law employee who is employed by an Employer, other than a nonresident alien with no U.S. sourced income. 
 
 2.15 Employer . Employer shall mean the Corporation and any of its subsidiaries, unless specifically excluded as an Employer for Plan purposes by written action of an officer of the Corporation. An Employer's participation shall be subject to all conditions and requirements made by the Corporation, and each Employer shall be deemed to have appointed the Plan Administrator as its exclusive agent under the Plan as long as it continues as an Employer. 
 
 2.16 401(k) Plan . 401(k) Plan means the KeyCorp 401(k) Savings Plan , or any other successor defined contribution plan maintained by the Corporation that qualifies under Section 401(a) of the Code and satisfies the requirements of Section 401(k) of the Code. 
 
 2.17 401(k) Restoration Contribution . 401(k) Restoration Contribution means the Corporation contribution credited to a Participant's Account under Section 4.4, as determined by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion. 
 
 2.18 Interest . Interest means the amount credited to or charged against a Participant's Account on each Determination Date, which shall be based on the Valuation Funds chosen by the Participant as provided in Section 2.25 and in a manner consistent with Section 4.3. Such credits or charges to a Participant's Account may be either positive or negative to reflect the increase or decrease in value of the Account in accordance with the provisions of this Plan. 
 
 2.19 Participant . Participant means any individual who is eligible, pursuant to Section 3.1, to participate in this Plan, and who either has elected to defer Compensation under this Plan in accordance with Article III or who is determined by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion as being eligible to receive a Discretionary Contribution. Such individual shall remain a Participant in this Plan for the period of deferral, or credit, and until such time as all benefits payable under this Plan have been paid in accordance with the provisions hereof. 
 
 2.20 Plan . Plan means this KeyCorp Second Deferred Savings Plan as amended from time to time. 
 
 2.21 Plan Administrator. Plan Administrator means the Corporation, the Committee, and any delegees as may be appropriate. 
 
 2.22 Specified Employees . Specified Employees means a Participant who is determined by the Plan Administrator to be a specified employee under the provisions of Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(i) and other applicable guidance, provided that the Corporation (or a member of the same group of controlled entities as the Corporation) is publicly traded on an established stock exchange. 
 
 2.23 Termination . Termination , terminates employment or any other similar such phrase means the Participant's voluntary or involuntary separation from service with the Corporation, for any reason, within the meaning of Section 409A of the Code, and Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(h) and other applicable guidance. 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 2.24 Unforeseeable Emergency . Unforeseeable Emergency means a severe financial hardship to the Participant resulting from an illness or accident of the Participant, the Participant s spouse, or a dependent (as defined in Section 152(a) of the Code) of the Participant, loss of the Participant s property due to casualty, or other similar extraordinary and unforeseeable circumstances arising as a result of events beyond the control of the Participant. The determination of an Unforeseeable Emergency and the ability of the Corporation to accelerate the Participant's distribution of the Participant's Account shall be determined in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code and applicable regulations issued thereunder. 
 
 2.25 Valuation Funds . Valuation Funds means those funds or accounts established under the Plan for bookkeeping purposes in which a Participant may elect to have his or her Accounts credited and which mirror the investment funds established under the 401(k) Plan, as may be modified from time to time, provided, however, that (a) the 401(k) Plan s Corporation Stock Fund shall be excluded from the definition of Valuation Funds for purposes of this Plan, and (b) the Interest Bearing 120 AFR Fund shall be added to the definition of Valuation Funds for purposes of this Plan. Participant Accounts invested for bookkeeping purposes in the Valuation Funds shall be credited on a bookkeeping basis with all earnings, gains, and losses experienced by the applicable Investment Fund in the 401(k) Plan. In addition, the Plan Administrator has the power in its sole discretion to add or delete specific Valuation Funds to this Plan. 
 
 2.26 Vested Service. Vested Service shall have the same definition as contained in the 401(k) Plan. 
 
 ARTICLE III - ELIGIBILITY AND PARTICIPATION 
 
 3.1 Eligibility and Participation . 
 
 a. Eligibility . Eligibility to participate in the Plan shall be limited to those select key Employees of an Employer who have been selected and designated by the Corporation from time to time. In lieu of designating individual eligible Employees for Plan participation, the Plan Administrator may establish eligibility criteria (consistent with the requirements of this Plan) providing for participation of all Employees who satisfy such criteria. 
 b. Participation . An individual's participation in the Plan shall be effective upon the individual first becoming eligible to participate, and the earlier of (1) a contribution under this Plan being made on behalf of the Participant by the Corporation or (2) the completion and submission of a Deferral Commitment, a Distribution Election, and an Allocation Form (as defined in Section 3.2(c)) to the Plan Administrator at a time and in a form determined by the Plan Administrator. 
 c. First-Year Participation . When an individual first becomes eligible to participate in this Plan, and has not previously been eligible to participate in another plan sponsored by the Corporation which is considered to be of a similar type as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A -1(c)(2)(i)(A) or (B), or as otherwise provided by the Code, then, to the extent permitted by the Plan Administrator in its sole discretion, a Deferral Commitment may be submitted to the Plan Administrator within thirty (30) days after the individual becomes eligible to participate. Such Deferral Commitment will be effective only with regard to Compensation earned and paid with respect to services performed following submission of the Deferral Commitment to the Plan Administrator. 
 
 3.2 Form of Deferral Commitment . A Participant may elect to make a Deferral Commitment at such time and in such form as determined by the Plan Administrator, but in no event later than the date on which the election is required to become irrevocable as set forth in this Article III or otherwise required by Section 409A of the Code and applicable guidance. The Deferral Commitment shall specify the following 
 
 a. Timing of Deferral Election . The Participant shall make an election to defer Compensation by filing a Deferral Commitment with the Plan Administrator, and such election shall become irrevocable no later than the last day of the calendar year prior to the Deferral Period, except as provided in Section 3.1(c). 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 b. Deferral Amounts . A Deferral Commitment shall be made with respect to each type of Compensation payable by the Corporation to a Participant during the Deferral Period, and shall designate the time and form of payment of each such type of Compensation deferred for the Deferral Period in accordance with Section 5.1. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary, for purposes of this Plan only, base salary attributable to the final pay period of any calendar year shall be deemed to be earned in the subsequent calendar year, provided the amounts are in fact paid (or payable) in the subsequent calendar year under the Corporation's normal compensation practices. The Participant shall set forth the amount to be deferred in the manner provided by the Plan Administrator. 
 c. Allocation to Valuation Funds . The Participant shall specify in a separate form (known as the Allocation Form filed with the Plan Administrator, the Participant's initial allocation of the amounts deferred among the various available Valuation Funds. 
 d. Maximum Deferral . The maximum amount of base salary that may be deferred shall be seventy-five percent (75 the maximum amount of bonus or incentive compensation (including commissions) that may be deferred shall be seventy-five percent (75 ). 
 
 3.3 Period of Commitment . Any Deferral Commitment made by a Participant with respect to Compensation shall remain in effect only for the next succeeding Deferral Period. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Plan Administrator may provide, in its discretion, that Deferral Commitments shall continue to be applied to future Deferral Periods, until terminated or modified prospectively by a Participant in accordance with the terms of this Article III. If a Participant becomes ineligible to participate in the Plan for any Deferral Period, and again becomes eligible to participate in the Plan for a later Deferral Period, the Participant shall be required to make a new Deferral Commitment as set forth in Section 3.2. 
 
 3.4 Irrevocability of Deferral Commitment . Except as provided in Section 3.3, a Participant's Deferral Commitment shall become irrevocable with respect to a Deferral Period as of the last day on which an election may be made under the terms of this Plan for such Deferral Period (or by such earlier date as designated by the Plan Administrator). 
 
 3.5 Change in Status . If the Plan Administrator determines that a Participant's employment performance is no longer at a level that warrants reward through participation in this Plan, but does not terminate the Participant's employment with the Corporation, the Participant's existing Deferral Commitment shall terminate at the end of the Deferral Period, and no new Deferral Commitment may be made by such Participant after notice of such determination is given by the Plan Administrator, unless the Participant later satisfies the requirements of Section 3.1. 
 
 3.6 Defaults in Event of Incomplete or Inaccurate Deferral Documentation . In the event that a Participant submits a Deferral Commitment, Allocation Form or Distribution Election to the Plan Administrator that contains information necessary to the efficient operation of this Plan which, in the sole discretion of the Plan Administrator, is missing, incomplete or inaccurate, the Plan Administrator shall be authorized to interpret such form as it determines in its sole discretion in order to fulfill the Participant's wishes and to operate the Plan in compliance with Section 409A of the Code. The Committee and or the Plan Administrator will be entitled to develop certain guidelines to follow when making such interpretations and to apply such guidelines in a consistent manner. 
 
 ARTICLE IV - DEFERRED COMPENSATION ACCOUNT 
 
 4.1 Accounts . The Compensation deferred by a Participant under the Plan, any 401(k) Restoration Contributions or Discretionary Contributions and Interest shall be credited to the Participant's Account as provided in this Article IV. Plan Accounts shall be used solely to calculate the amount payable to each Participant under this Plan and shall not constitute a separate fund of assets. 
 
 4.2 Timing of Credits Withholding . A Participant's deferred Compensation shall be credited to the Participant s Account as soon as practical after the date the Compensation deferred would have otherwise been payable to the Participant. Any 401(k) Restoration Contributions and Discretionary 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 Contributions shall be credited to the Participant s Account as provided by the Plan Administrator. Any withholding of taxes or other amounts with respect to deferred Compensation or other amounts credited under this Plan that is required by local, state or federal law shall be withheld from the Participant's corresponding non-deferred portion of the Compensation to the maximum extent possible, and any remaining amount shall reduce the amount credited to the Participant's Account in a manner specified by the Plan Administrator. 
 
 4.3 Valuation Funds . A Participant shall designate, at a time and in a manner acceptable to the Plan Administrator, one or more Valuation Funds for the Participant s Account for the sole purpose of determining the amount of Interest to be credited or debited to the Participant s Account. Such election shall designate the portion of each deferral of Compensation that shall be allocated among the available Valuation Fund(s), and such election shall apply to each succeeding deferral of Compensation until such time as the Participant shall file a new election with the Plan Administrator. Upon notice to the Plan Administrator, Participants shall also be permitted to reallocate the balance in each Valuation Fund among the other available Valuation Funds as determined by the Plan Administrator. The manner in which such elections shall be made and the frequency with which such elections may be changed and the manner in which such elections shall become effective shall be determined in accordance with the procedures to be adopted by the Plan Administrator from time to time. As of the Effective Date, such elections may be made on a daily basis electronically, and such elections shall become effective on the date made or the next available Determination Date. 
 
 4,4 401(k) Restoration Contributions . In its sole discretion, the Corporation may make a 401(k) Restoration Contribution to the Account of any Participant designated by the Plan Administrator. Unless otherwise provided, the 401(k) Restoration Contribution shall be equal to (a) multiplied by (b) where 
 
 a. Equals the maximum matching contribution percentage applicable for the 401(k) Plan for the prior calendar year and, 
 b. Equals the lesser of (1) the amount of Compensation deferred in the prior calendar year under this Plan, and (2) the difference between the Section 401(a)(17) limit applicable for the prior calendar year and the Participant's eligible compensation for that prior calendar year as determined under the terms of the 401(k) Plan. 
 
 Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, any 401(k) Restoration Contributions and related Interest credited to a Participant s Account shall be paid in a single lump sum on or about July 1 of the calendar year immediately following the date of the Participant s termination. 
 
 4.5 Discretionary Contributions . In its sole discretion, the Corporation may make Discretionary Contributions to a Participant's Account. Discretionary Contributions shall be credited at such times and in such amounts as approved by the Committee in its sole discretion. Notwithstanding otherwise, if the Committee determines that the granting of a Discretionary Contribution requires additional approvals (as example, by the Compensation & Organization Committee or the Board, or other person or entity determined by the Committee), then such Discretionary Contribution shall not be granted until such approval is obtained. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan to the contrary, any Discretionary Company Credits and related Interest credited to a Participant s Account shall be paid in a single lump sum on or about July 1 of the calendar year immediately following the date of the Participant s termination. 

4.6 Determination of Accounts . Each Participant's Account as of each Determination Date shall consist of the balance of the Account as of the immediately preceding Determination Date, adjusted as follows 
 
 a. New Deferrals . Each Account shall be increased by any deferred Compensation credited since such prior Determination Date in the proportion chosen by the Participant, except that no amount of new deferrals shall be credited to an Account at the same time that a distribution is to be made from that Account. 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 b. Company Contributions . Each Account shall be increased by any 401(k) Restoration Contributions and or Discretionary Contributions credited since such prior Determination as set forth in Sections 4.4 and 4.5 or as otherwise directed by the Plan Administrator. 
 c. Distributions . Each Account shall be reduced by the amount of each benefit payment made from that Account since the prior Determination Date. Distributions shall be deemed to have been made proportionally from each of the Valuation Funds maintained within such Account based on the proportion that such Valuation Fund bears to the sum of all Valuation Funds maintained within such Account for that Participant as of the Determination Date immediately preceding the date of payment. 
 d. Interest . Each Account shall be increased or decreased by the Interest credited to such Account since such Determination Date as though the balance of that Account as of the beginning of the current month had been invested in the applicable Valuation Funds chosen by the Participant. 
 
 4.7 Vesting of Accounts . Each Participant shall be vested in the amounts credited to such Participant's Account and Interest thereon as follows 
 a. Amounts Deferred . A Participant shall be one hundred percent (100 vested at all times in the amount of Compensation elected to be deferred under this Plan, including any Interest thereon. 
 b. 401(k) Restoration Contributions . A Participant shall be one hundred percent (100 vested at all times in the amount of 401(k) Restoration Contributions credited under this Plan, including any Interest thereon. 
 c. Discretionary Contributions . Unless otherwise determined by the Committee, a Participant's Discretionary Contributions and Interest thereon shall become vested upon the Participant's completion of three (3) years of Vested Service. 
 
 4.8 Statement of Accounts . To the extent that the Corporation does not arrange for Account balances to be generally accessible online by the Participant, the Plan Administrator shall provide to each Participant a statement showing the balances in the Participant's Account no less frequently than annually. 
 
 ARTICLE V - PLAN BENEFITS 
 
 5.1 Elections as to Time and Form of Payment . Each Deferral Commitment will specify the time and form of payment for each type of Compensation deferred by the Participant for the applicable Deferral Period, subject to the remaining provisions of this Article V. 
 a. Timing of Payment . A Participant may elect for payment of the amount deferred pursuant to the Participant s Deferral Commitment for a Deferral Period to be made, or to commence, as follows 
 i. On or about July 1 of the calendar year immediately following the date of the Participant s termination or 
 ii. On or about July 1 of a specified calendar year that is no earlier than the fourth calendar year following the filing of the applicable Deferral Commitment, provided that if the Participant terminates employment with the Corporation prior to the date so specified, such benefits shall be paid on or about July 1 of the calendar year immediately following the date of the Participant s termination. 
 b. Form of Payment . A Participant may elect to receive payment of the amount deferred pursuant to the Participant s Deferral Commitment for a Deferral Period in one of the following forms of payment 
 i. In the case of a Deferral Commitment pursuant to Section 5.1(a)(i), the Participant may elect to receive 
 (A) A single lump sum payment, or 
 (B) Substantially equal annual installments over a period of up to fifteen (15) years. 
 ii. In the case of a Deferral Commitment pursuant to Section 5.1(a)(ii), the Participant may elect to receive 
 (A) A single lump sum payment, or 
 (B) Substantially equal annual installments over a period of up to five (5) years. 
 c. Default Time and Form of Payment . In the event that a Participant s Deferral Commitment fails to properly designate the time and form of payment of any of such Participant s 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 Compensation deferred for the Deferral Period, the Participant shall be deemed to have elected to received payment of such deferred amount in a single lump sum payment on or about July 1 of the calendar year immediately following the date of the Participant s termination. 
 
 5.2 Change of Time and or Form of Payment for In-Service Distributions . In the case of an amount previously deferred in accordance with a Deferral Commitment pursuant to Section 5.1(a)(ii), the Participant may subsequently amend the form of payment or the intended date of payment to a date later than that date of payment in force pursuant to Section 5.1(a)(ii), immediately prior to the filing of such request, by filing such amendment with the Plan Administrator no later than twelve (12) months prior to the current date of payment. The Participant may file this amendment, provided that in accordance with the requirements of Section 409A of the Code, each amendment must provide for a payout as otherwise permitted under this paragraph at a date no earlier than five (5) years after the date of payment in force immediately prior to the filing of such request, and the amendment may not take effect for twelve (12) months after the request is made. 
 
 5.3 Installment Payments . If the form of payment selected pursuant to this Article V provides for subsequent payments, subsequent payments shall be made on or about the anniversary of the initial payment. For purposes of this Article V, a payment of amounts under this Plan, including the payment of annual installments over a number of years, shall be treated as a single payment, as provided in Treas. Reg. 1-409A-2(b)(2)(iii). 
 
 5.4 Distribution Upon Death . Upon the death of a Participant prior to the commencement of benefits under this Plan from the Participant s Account, the Corporation shall pay to the Participant's designated Beneficiary an amount equal to the vested Account balance in the form of a lump sum payment as soon as practical. In the event of the death of the Participant after the commencement of benefits under this Plan, such benefits shall be paid to the Participant's designated Beneficiary from that Account at the same time and in the same manner as if the Participant had survived. 
 
 5.5 Unforeseeable Emergency Distributions . Upon a finding that a Participant has suffered an Unforeseeable Emergency, the Plan Administrator may, in its sole discretion, terminate the existing Deferral Commitment, and or make distributions from the Participant's Account. The amount of such distribution shall be limited to the amount reasonably necessary to meet the Participant's needs resulting from the Unforeseeable Emergency plus amounts necessary to pay taxes reasonably anticipated as a result of the distribution, after taking into account the extent to which such Unforeseeable Emergency is or may be relieved through the reimbursement or compensation by insurance, or otherwise or by liquidation of the Participant's assets (to the extent that liquidation of such assets would not itself cause severe financial hardship). The amount of such distribution will not exceed the Participant's vested Account balance. If payment is made due to Unforeseeable Emergency, the Participant's deferrals under this Plan shall cease and the Participant will be ineligible to participate in the Plan for the period of the Unforeseeable Emergency and for twelve (12) months after the date of the distribution. If the Participant is again eligible to participate, any resumption of the Participant's deferrals under the Plan after such twelve (12) month period shall be made only at the election of the Participant in accordance with Article III herein. 
 
 5.6 Payment to Specified Employees . Notwithstanding anything else to the contrary, payments of benefits as a result of the termination of employment (other than by reason of death) of a Participant who is determined to meet the definition of Specified Employee at the time of termination shall be payable as otherwise provided, except that, as required to comply with Section 409A of the Code, the initial payment shall be made as soon as practical following the first date that is no earlier than the six (6) months following the termination of employment with the Corporation. 
 
 5.7 Small Account . If the Participant's vested Account balance as of the date of the Participant s termination is less than 50,000, the remaining unpaid, vested Account (excluding any installment payments that have already commenced pursuant to a Deferral Commitment under Section 5.1(a)(ii)) shall be paid in a lump sum, notwithstanding any election by the Participant to the contrary. Application of this provision shall be made only to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code. 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 5.8 Withholding . The Employer may withhold or cause to be withheld from any amounts payable under the Plan, or, to the extent permitted pursuant to Section 409A of the Code, from any amounts deferred under the Plan, all federal, state, local and other taxes as shall be legally required to be withheld. Further, the Employer shall have the right to (a) require a Participant to pay or provide for payment of the amount of any taxes that the Employer may be required to withhold with respect to amounts credited to a Participant's Account under the Plan, or (b) deduct from any amount of compensation otherwise payable in cash to the Participant the amount of any taxes that the Employer may be required to withhold with respect to amounts credited to a Participant's Account under the Plan. 
 
 5.9 Payment to Guardian . If a Plan benefit is payable to a minor or a person declared incompetent or to a person incapable of handling the disposition of the property, the Plan Administrator may direct payment to the guardian, legal representative or person having the care and custody of such minor, person declared incompetent or person incapable of handling the disposition of the property. The Plan Administrator may require proof of incompetency, minority, incapacity or guardianship as it may deem appropriate prior to distribution. Such distribution shall completely discharge the Corporation from all liability with respect to such benefit. 
 
 5.10 Effect of Payment . The full payment of the applicable benefit under this Article V shall completely discharge all obligations on the part of the Corporation to the Participant (and any Beneficiary) with respect to the operation of this Plan, and the Participant's (and any Beneficiary's) rights under this Plan shall terminate. 
 
 ARTICLE VI - BENEFICIARY DESIGNATION 
 
 6.1 Beneficiary Designation . Each Participant shall have the right, at any time, to designate one (1) or more persons or entity as Beneficiary (both primary as well as secondary) to whom benefits under this Plan shall be paid in the event of a Participant's death prior to complete distribution of the Participant's vested Account balance. Each Beneficiary designation shall be in a written form prescribed by the Plan Administrator and shall be effective only when filed with the Plan Administrator during the Participant's lifetime. 
 
 6.2 Changing Beneficiary . Any Beneficiary designation may be changed by a Participant without the consent of the previously named Beneficiary by the filing of a new Beneficiary designation with the Plan Administrator. 
 
 6.3 No Beneficiary Designation . If any Participant fails to designate a Beneficiary in the manner provided above, if the designation is void, or if the Beneficiary designated by a deceased Participant dies before the Participant or before complete distribution of the Participant's benefits, the Beneficiary shall be the person in the first of the following classes in which there is a survivor 
 a. The Participant's surviving spouse 
 b. The Participant's children in equal shares, except that if any of the children predeceases the Participant but leaves surviving issue, then such issue shall take by right of representation the share the deceased child would have taken if living or, 
 c. The Participant's estate. 
 
 6.4 Effect of Payment . Payment to the Beneficiary shall completely discharge the Corporation's obligations under this Plan. 
 
 ARTICLE VII - ADMINISTRATION 
 
 7.1 Plan Administrator Duties . The Plan Administrator shall be responsible for the general administration of the Plan, for carrying out the provisions hereof, and for making payments hereunder. The Plan Administrator shall have the sole and absolute discretionary authority and power to carry out the provisions of the Plan, including, but not limited to, the authority and power (a) to determine all questions relating to the eligibility for and the amount of any benefit to be paid under the Plan, (b) to determine all questions pertaining to claims for benefits and procedures for claim review, (c) to resolve all other questions arising under the Plan, including any questions of construction and or interpretation, and (d) to 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 take such further action as the Plan Administrator shall deem necessary or advisable in the administration of the Plan. All findings, decisions, and determinations of any kind made by the Plan Administrator shall not be disturbed unless the Plan Administrator has acted in an arbitrary and capricious manner. Subject to the requirements of law, the Plan Administrator shall be the sole judge of the standard of proof required in any claim for benefits and in any determination of eligibility for a benefit. All decisions of the Plan Administrator shall be final and binding on all parties. The Plan Administrator may employ such attorneys, investment counsel, agents, and accountants, as it may deem necessary or advisable to assist it in carrying out its duties hereunder. The Plan Year, for purposes of Plan administration, shall be the calendar year. 
 
 7.2 Compliance with Section 409A of the Code . It is intended that the Plan comply with the provisions of Section 409A of the Code, so as to prevent the inclusion in gross income of any amounts deferred hereunder in a taxable year that is prior to the taxable year or years in which such amounts would otherwise actually be paid or made available to Participants or Beneficiaries. This Plan shall be construed, administered, and governed in a manner that effects such intent, and the Plan Administrator shall not take any action that would be inconsistent with such intent. Although the Committee shall use its best efforts to avoid the imposition of taxation, interest and penalties under Section 409A of the Code, the tax treatment of deferrals under this Plan is not warranted or guaranteed. Neither the Corporation, the Board (or any committee or subcommittee thereof), any director, officer, employee and advisor, nor the Committee shall be held liable for any taxes, interest, penalties or other monetary amounts owed by any Participant, Beneficiary or other taxpayer as a result of the Plan. For purposes of the Plan, the phrase permitted by Section 409A of the Code, or words or phrases of similar import, shall mean that the event or circumstance shall only be permitted to the extent it would not cause an amount deferred or payable under the Plan to be includible in the gross income of a Participant or Beneficiary under Section 409A(a)(1) of the Code. 
 
 7.3 Agents . The Committee and or the Plan Administrator may, from time to time, employ agents and delegate to them such administrative duties as it sees fit, and may from time to time consult with counsel who may be counsel to the Corporation. 
 
 7.4 Binding Effect of Decisions . The decision or action of the Plan Administrator with respect to any question arising out of or in connection with the administration, interpretation and application of the Plan and the rules and regulations promulgated hereunder shall be final, conclusive and binding upon all persons having any interest in the Plan. 
 
 7.5 Absence of Liability . No member of the Board (including any director acting as a member of any committee or subcommittee of the Board), the Plan Administrator, the Committee or their respective delegates, or any officer of the Corporation or a subsidiary or officer of a subsidiary shall be liable for any act or action hereunder, whether of commission or omission, taken by any other member, or by any officer, agent, or Employee, except in circumstances involving bad faith or willful misconduct, for anything done or omitted to be done. 
 
 ARTICLE VIII - CLAIMS PROCEDURE 
 
 8.1 Claim for Plan Benefits . Any person or entity claiming a benefit under the Plan (hereinafter referred to as Claimant must submit a written claim for Plan benefits by filing an application with the Plan Administrator. A Claimant s written claim must include the following information 
 The Plan name, 
 The Claimant s name, address, and contact information, 
 The Claimant s Social Security Number, 
 The Claimant s employer i.e. , KeyCorp 1 ), 
 The Claimant s employment dates i.e., hire date and termination date), 
 The date the Claimant would like the Plan benefit to begin to be paid, and 
 If the Claimant is not the Participant, the written claim should include documentation evidencing the Claimant s representation of the Participant. 
 
 Any written claim for benefits must be sent to 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 Benefits Administration 
 4910 Tiedeman Road 
 OH-01-49-0256 
 Brooklyn, OH 44114 
 
 8.2 Denied Claims . If the Plan Administrator decides for whatever reason to deny, whether in whole or in part, a Claimant s claim for benefits under the Plan, the Plan Administrator shall provide the Claimant with written notice of its decision within 90 days of the date on which the claim was received. If the Plan Administrator determines that an extension of time is necessary due to special circumstances, the Plan Administrator may take another 90 days (not taking into account any time provided to the Claimant to furnish any specified information) to respond to the claim. When special circumstances require an extension for processing, the Plan Administrator will provide the Claimant with written notice of the extension before it begins. The notice will explain the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render a decision. 
 
 Notice of a claim denial shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant and shall contain 
 
 a) A statement of the specific reasons for the denial of the claim, 
 b) Reference to the specific Plan provision on which the determination is based, 
 c) A description of any additional information needed for the Claimant to improve or refine the Claimant s claim and an explanation of why that information is needed, and 
 d) A description of the Plan s review procedures, time limits applicable to such procedures and statement of the Claimant s right to bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. 
 
 8.3 Appeals . The Claimant or the Claimant s authorized representative may ask the Plan Administrator for a review of a denied claim within 60 days after the Claimant receives the initial denial notice. If the Claimant does not request an appeal within the 60-day period, the claim denial will be final and the Claimant will have no right to bring any legal action on such claim. Any appeal must be in writing and include 
 The Plan name, 
 The Claimant s name, address, and contact information, 
 The Claimant s Social Security Number, 
 The Claimant s employer, 
 The Claimant s employment dates i.e., hire date and termination date), 
 The date on which the Claimant s request was filed with the Plan Administrator, 
 The specific portions of the denial that the Claimant requests the Plan Administrator to review, 
 A statement setting forth the basis upon which the Claimant believes the Plan Administrator should reverse the previous denial of the Claimant s claim for benefits and accept the Claimant s claim as made, and 
 Any written material which the Claimant would like the Plan Administrator to review. 
 
 The Claimant may provide documents, records and other information relating to the claim. The Plan Administrator s review will consider all material and information which the Claimant submits, regardless of whether it was submitted with the initial claim. The Claimant may also request, in writing, the opportunity to review and make copies of the legal Plan document and other Plan materials that are relevant to the Claimant s claim. 
 Any written request for review must be sent to 
 
 Benefits Administration 
 4910 Tiedeman Road 
 OH-01-49-0256 
 Brooklyn, OH 44114 

8.4 Denial Upon Appeal . The Plan Administrator will conduct a full and fair review of the Claimant s request for review at its next monthly meeting, unless the Claimant s request is received by the Plan 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 Administrator less than 30 days prior to the next meeting, in which case the Claimant s request will be reviewed at the second monthly meeting following the Plan Administrator s receipt of the Claimant s request. When special circumstances require an extension for processing, the Plan Administrator will provide the Claimant with written notice of the extension before it begins. The notice will explain the special circumstances requiring an extension of time and the date by which the Plan Administrator expects to render a decision. 
 
 Following its review, the Plan Administrator will render its written decision on review to the Claimant in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant, and such notice will specify the reasons and Plan provisions upon which the Plan Administrator s decision was based. 
 
 Notice of a claim denial upon appeal shall be written in a manner calculated to be understood by the Claimant and shall contain 
 
 a) A statement of the specific reasons for the denial of the claim, 
 b) Reference to the specific Plan provision on which the determination is based, 
 c) A statement that the Claimant is entitled to receive, upon request and free of charge, reasonable access to, and copies of, all documents, records, and other information relevant to the Claimant s claim for benefits, and 
 d) A statement of the Claimant s right to bring an action under Section 502(a) of ERISA. 
 
 Notwithstanding the foregoing, during the period of time beginning on March 1, 2020 and ending 60 days after the end of the national emergency related to COVID-19 (the Outbreak Period ), deadlines relating to a claim or appeal under the Plan are extended as if the time period for taking the action began on the day after the end of the Outbreak Period. However, in no event will an applicable deadline occurring during the Outbreak Period be extended for longer than one year from the original deadline. 
 
 If the Plan Administrator s decision is favorable to the Claimant, it shall be binding and conclusive. If the Plan Administrator s decision is adverse to the Claimant, it shall be binding and conclusive unless the Claimant notifies the Plan Administrator within 90 days after the mailing or delivery to the Claimant by the Plan Administrator of its decision that the Claimant intends to institute legal proceedings challenging the decision of the Plan Administrator, and actually institutes such legal proceeding within 180 days after such mailing or delivery. Any such legal proceeding must be brought in the federal courts for the Northern District of Ohio. Any such legal proceeding brought after the date described will be precluded. 
 
 ARTICLE IX - AMENDMENT AND TERMINATION OF PLAN 
 
 9.1 Amendment . The Corporation may at any time amend the Plan by a written action of an officer of KeyCorp provided, however, that a material change to the Plan must be approved by the Committee. Notice of an amendment shall be given to all Participants and to any Beneficiary(ies) receiving installment payments. No amendment shall reduce the amount vested or accrued in any Account as of the date the amendment is adopted, nor shall any amendment result in an acceleration of distributions under the Plan in violation of Section 409A of the Code. In addition, any amendment which adds a distribution event to the Plan shall not be effective with respect to Accounts already established as of the time of such amendment, except to the extent permitted by Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 9.2 Corporation's Right to Terminate . The Corporation may, in its sole discretion, terminate the entire Plan, or terminate a portion of the Plan that is identified as an elective account balance plan as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(c)(2)(i)(A), or as a nonelective account balance plan as defined in Treas. Reg. 1.409A-1(c)(2)(i)(B), and require distribution of all benefits due under the Plan or portion thereof, as may be provided under Section 409A, or Treas. Reg. 1.409A-3(j)(4)(ix) or as may otherwise be permitted under the Code or appropriate regulations. In no event shall any termination of the Plan or a portion of the Plan result in an acceleration of distributions under the Plan in violation of Section 409A of the Code. 
 
 9.3 Change of Control . Notwithstanding any other provision of the Plan to the contrary, in the event of a Change of Control, no amendment or modification of the Plan may be made at any time on or after such Change of Control (1) to reduce or modify a Participant's Account balance immediately prior to the 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

 Change of Control, (2) to reduce or modify the choice of Valuation Funds or method of crediting such earnings to a Participant's Account balance immediately prior to the Change of Control, or (3) to reduce or modify the Participant's deferrals and or 401(k) Restoration Contributions and Discretionary Contributions to be credited to a Participant's Account for the applicable Deferral Period. 
 
 ARTICLE X - MISCELLANEOUS 
 
 10.1 Unfunded Plan . This Plan is an unfunded plan maintained primarily to provide deferred compensation benefits for a select group of management or highly-compensated employees within the meaning of Sections 201, 301, and 401 of ERISA, and therefore is exempt from the provisions of Parts 2, 3 and 4 of Title I of ERISA. 
 
 10.2 Unsecured General Creditor . Notwithstanding any other provision of this Plan, Participants and Beneficiaries shall be unsecured general creditors, with no secured or preferential rights to any assets of the Corporation or any other party for payment of benefits under this Plan. Any property held by the Corporation for the purpose of generating the cash flow for benefit payments shall remain its general, unpledged and unrestricted assets. The Corporation's obligation under the Plan shall be an unfunded and unsecured promise to pay money in the future. 
 
 10.3 Expenses . The expenses of administration of the Plan shall be paid by the Corporation. 
 
 10.4 Precedent . Except as otherwise specifically agreed to by the Corporation in writing, no action taken in accordance with the Plan by the Corporation shall be construed or relied upon as a precedent for similar action under similar circumstances. 
 
 10.5 Trust Fund . The Corporation shall be responsible for the payment of all benefits provided under the Plan. At its discretion, the Corporation may establish 1 or more trusts, with such trustees as the Corporation may approve, for the purpose of assisting in the payment of such benefits. The assets of any such trust shall be held for payment of the Corporation's general creditors in the event of bankruptcy or insolvency. To the extent any benefits provided under the Plan are paid from any such trust, the Corporation shall have no further obligation to pay them. If not paid from the trust, such benefits shall remain the obligation of the Corporation. 
 
 10.6 Nonassignability . Neither a Participant nor any other person shall have any right to commute, sell, assign, transfer, pledge, anticipate, mortgage or otherwise encumber, transfer, hypothecate or convey in advance of actual receipt the amounts, if any, payable hereunder, or any part thereof, which are, and all rights to which are, expressly declared to be unassignable and nontransferable. No part of the amounts payable shall, prior to actual payment, be subject to seizure or sequestration for the payment of any debts, judgements, alimony or separate maintenance owed by a Participant or any other person, nor be transferable by operation of law in the event of a Participant's or any other person's bankruptcy or insolvency. 
 
 10.7 Not a Contract of Employment . This Plan shall not constitute a contract of employment between the Corporation and the Participant. Nothing in this Plan shall give a Participant the right to be retained in the service of the Corporation or to interfere with the right of the Corporation to discipline or discharge a Participant at any time. 
 
 10.8 Protective Provisions . A Participant will cooperate with the Corporation by furnishing any and all information requested by the Corporation, in order to facilitate the payment of benefits hereunder, and taking such other action as may be requested by the Corporation. 
 
 10.9 Governing Law . The provisions of this Plan shall be construed and interpreted according to the laws of the State of Ohio, except as preempted by federal law. 
 
 10.10 Validity . If any provision of this Plan shall be held illegal or invalid for any reason, said illegality or invalidity shall not affect the remaining parts hereof, but this Plan shall be construed and enforced as if such illegal and invalid provision had never been inserted herein. 

EXHIBIT 10.40 

10.11 Notice . Any notice required or permitted under the Plan shall be sufficient if in writing and hand delivered or sent by registered or certified mail. Such notice shall be deemed given as of the date of delivery or, if delivery is made by mail, as of the date shown on the postmark on the receipt for registration or certification. Mailed notice to the Committee and or the Plan Administrator shall be directed to the Corporation's address. Mailed notice to a Participant or Beneficiary shall be directed to the individual's last known address in the Corporation's records. 
 
 10.12 Successors . The provisions of this Plan shall bind and inure to the benefit of the Corporation and its successors and assigns. The term successors as used herein shall include any corporate or other business entity which shall, whether by merger, consolidation, purchase or otherwise acquire all or substantially all of the business and assets of the Corporation, and successors of any such corporation or other business entity. 

Executed at Cleveland, Ohio to be effective on the first day of January, 2023. 
 
 KeyCorp 
 
 By _ s Andrea R. McCarthy ____ 
 Assistant Secretary 

1 KeyCorp refers to KeyCorp and any of its subsidiaries or affiliates. 

</EX-10.40>

<EX-21>
 7
 key-123122xexx21.htm
 EX-21

Document 

EXHIBIT 21 

 KEYCORP 
 SUBSIDIARIES OF THE REGISTRANT AT DECEMBER 31, 2022 

Subsidiaries (a) 
 Jurisdiction of Incorporation or Organization Parent Company KeyBank National Association United States KeyCorp 
 (a) Subsidiaries of KeyCorp other than KeyBank National Association are not listed above since, in the aggregate, they would not constitute a significant subsidiary. KeyBank National Association is 100 owned by KeyCorp. 

</EX-21>

<EX-22>
 8
 key-123122xexx22.htm
 EX-22

Document 
 EXHIBIT 22 

 SUBSIDIARY ISSUERS OF GUARANTEED SECURITIES 
 
 KeyCorp has guaranteed the payment of certain amounts due with respect to the securities of its subsidiaries described below. 
 
 Subsidiary Issuer Guaranteed Securities KeyCorp Capital I KeyCorp Capital I Floating Rate Capital Securities KeyCorp Capital II KeyCorp Capital II 6 7 8 Capital Securities KeyCorp Capital III KeyCorp Capital III 7 3 4 Capital Securities 

</EX-22>

<EX-23>
 9
 key-123122xexx23.htm
 EX-23

Document 

EXHIBIT 23 
 
 Consent of Independent Registered Public Accounting Firm 

We consent to the incorporation by reference in the following Registration Statements of KeyCorp 
 
 Form S-3 No. 333-55959 
 Form S-3 No. 333-59175 
 Form S-3 No. 333-64601 
 Form S-3 No. 333-76619 
 Form S-3 No. 333-239044 
 Form S-8 No. 333-49609 
 Form S-8 No. 333-70669 
 Form S-8 No. 333-107074 
 Form S-8 No. 333-107075 
 Form S-8 No. 333-107076 
 Form S-8 No. 333-112225 
 Form S-8 No. 333-167093 
 Form S-8 No. 333-188703 
 Form S-8 No. 333-208272 
 Form S-8 No. 333-231689 
 Form S-8 No. 333-256086 
 
 of our reports dated February 22, 2023, with respect to the consolidated financial statements of KeyCorp and the effectiveness of internal control over financial reporting of KeyCorp included in this Annual Report (Form 10-K) of KeyCorp for the year ended December 31, 2022. 

Ernst & Young 
 Cleveland, Ohio 
 February 22, 2023 

</EX-23>

<EX-24>
 10
 key-123122xexx24.htm
 EX-24

Document 

EXHIBIT 24 

 KEYCORP 
 POWER OF ATTORNEY 
 
 Each of the undersigned, an officer, a director, or both of KeyCorp, an Ohio corporation, hereby constitutes and appoints Donald R. Kimble, James L. Waters and Andrea R. McCarthy, and each of them, as his or her true and lawful attorney-in fact with full power of substitution and resubstitution, to sign in his or her name, place, and stead and to file with the United States Securities and Exchange Commission in accordance with Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, KeyCorp s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2022, and all exhibits, amendments and supplements thereto, with full power and authority to take such actions that the attorney-in-fact deems necessary in connection with the execution and filing of such Annual Report on Form 10-K. 
 
 This Power of Attorney may be executed in counterparts, each of which shall be deemed an original, but all of which together shall constitute one and the same instrument. 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the undersigned has hereto set his or her hand as of February 21, 2023. 

s Christopher M. Gorman 
 s Donald R. Kimble 
 Christopher M. Gorman 
 Chairman and Chief Executive Officer, and Director (Principal Executive Officer) 
 Donald R. Kimble 
 Chief Financial Officer 
 (Principal Financial Officer) 
 s Douglas M. Schosser 
 s Alexander M. Cutler 
 Douglas M. Schosser 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 (Principal Accounting Officer) 
 Alexander M. Cutler, Director 
 s H. James Dallas 
 s Elizabeth R. Gile 
 H. James Dallas, Director 
 Elizabeth R. Gile, Director 
 s Ruth Ann M. Gillis 
 s Robin N. Hayes 
 Ruth Ann M. Gillis, Director 
 Robin N. Hayes, Director 
 s Carlton L. Highsmith s Richard J. Hipple Carlton L. Highsmith, Director 
 Richard J. Hipple, Director 
 s Devina A. Rankin 
 s Barbara R. Snyder 
 Devina A. Rankin, Director 
 Barbara R. Snyder, Director 
 s Richard J. Tobin 
 s Todd J. Vasos 
 Richard J. Tobin, Director 
 Todd J. Vasos, Director 
 s David K. Wilson 
 David K. Wilson, Director 

</EX-24>

<EX-31.1>
 11
 key-123122xexx311.htm
 EX-31.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 I, Christopher M. Gorman, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of KeyCorp 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 Christopher M. Gorman Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 12
 key-123122xexx312.htm
 EX-31.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 31.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 302 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 I, Donald R. Kimble, certify that 
 
 1. I have reviewed this annual report on Form 10-K of KeyCorp 
 
 2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements were made, not misleading with respect to the period covered by this report 
 
 3. Based on my knowledge, the financial statements, and other financial information included in this report, fairly present in all material respects the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report 
 
 4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have 
 
 a) Designed such disclosure controls and procedures, or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under our supervision, to ensure that material information relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly during the period in which this report is being prepared 
 
 b) Designed such internal control over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 
 c) Evaluated the effectiveness of the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this report our conclusions about the effectiveness of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation and 
 
 d) Disclosed in this report any change in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal quarter (the registrant s fourth fiscal quarter in the case of an annual report) that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over financial reporting and 
 
 5. The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee of the registrant s board of directors (or persons performing the equivalent functions) 
 
 a) All significant deficiencies and material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting which are reasonably likely to adversely affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information and 
 
 b) Any fraud, whether or not material, that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting. 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 Donald R. Kimble Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 13
 key-123122xexx321.htm
 EX-32.1

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.1 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of KeyCorp (the Company hereby certifies that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 Christopher M. Gorman Chairman, Chief Executive Officer and President 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 14
 key-123122xexx322.htm
 EX-32.2

Document 

EXHIBIT 32.2 
 
 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 
 SECTION 906 OF THE 
 SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 
 
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 1350, the undersigned officer of KeyCorp (the Company hereby certifies that the Company s Annual Report on Form 10-K for the year ended December 31, 2022 (the Report fully complies with the requirements of Section 13(a) or 15(d), as applicable, of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 and that the information contained in the Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 
 
 Date February 22, 2023 
 Donald R. Kimble Chief Financial Officer 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 15
 key-20221231.xsd
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION SCHEMA DOCUMENT

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 16
 key-20221231_cal.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION CALCULATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 17
 key-20221231_def.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION DEFINITION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 18
 key-20221231_lab.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION LABEL LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 19
 key-20221231_pre.xml
 XBRL TAXONOMY EXTENSION PRESENTATION LINKBASE DOCUMENT

</EX-101.PRE>

