<Header>
<FileStats>
    <FileName>20230118_10-K_edgar_data_12040_0001174947-23-000017.txt</FileName>
    <GrossFileSize>9572658</GrossFileSize>
    <NetFileSize>408242</NetFileSize>
    <NonText_DocumentType_Chars>1397665</NonText_DocumentType_Chars>
    <HTML_Chars>2293524</HTML_Chars>
    <XBRL_Chars>2053127</XBRL_Chars>
    <XML_Chars>3017687</XML_Chars>
    <N_Exhibits>11</N_Exhibits>
</FileStats>
<SEC-Header>
0001174947-23-000017.hdr.sgml : 20230118
<ACCEPTANCE-DATETIME>20230117214437
ACCESSION NUMBER:		0001174947-23-000017
CONFORMED SUBMISSION TYPE:	10-K
PUBLIC DOCUMENT COUNT:		87
CONFORMED PERIOD OF REPORT:	20221001
FILED AS OF DATE:		20230118
DATE AS OF CHANGE:		20230117

FILER:

	COMPANY DATA:	
		COMPANY CONFORMED NAME:			FLANIGANS ENTERPRISES INC
		CENTRAL INDEX KEY:			0000012040
		STANDARD INDUSTRIAL CLASSIFICATION:	RETAIL-EATING PLACES [5812]
		IRS NUMBER:				590877638
		STATE OF INCORPORATION:			FL
		FISCAL YEAR END:			1001

	FILING VALUES:
		FORM TYPE:		10-K
		SEC ACT:		1934 Act
		SEC FILE NUMBER:	001-06836
		FILM NUMBER:		23532817

	BUSINESS ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5059 N.E. 18TH AVENUE
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33334
		BUSINESS PHONE:		954-377-1961

	MAIL ADDRESS:	
		STREET 1:		5059 N.E. 18TH AVENUE
		CITY:			FORT LAUDERDALE
		STATE:			FL
		ZIP:			33334

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	BIG DADDYS LOUNGES INC
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19780309

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	CASTLEWOOD INTERNATIONAL CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19760222

	FORMER COMPANY:	
		FORMER CONFORMED NAME:	MOSAM CORP
		DATE OF NAME CHANGE:	19690415

</SEC-Header>
</Header>

 0001174947-23-000017.txt : 20230118

10-K
 1
 form10k-29127_bdl.htm
 10-K

EDGAR HTML 

FORM 

ANNUAL REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the fiscal year ended , 

TRANSITION REPORT PURSUANT TO SECTION 13 OR 15(d) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934 

For the transition period from ____________ to ____________ 

Commission File Number 

(Exact name of registrant as specified in its charter) 

(State or Other Jurisdiction of (I.R.S. Employer Incorporation or Organization) Identification Number) , , Florida (Address of Principal Executive Offices) (Zip Code) 

(Registrant's Telephone Number, Including Area Code) 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(b) of the Act: 

Title of each class Trading symbol(s) Name of each exchange on which registered AMERICAN 

Securities registered pursuant to Section 12(g) of the Act: None 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is a well-known seasoned issuer, as defined in Rule 405 of the Securities Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark if the registrant is not required to file reports pursuant to Section 13 or Section 15(d) of the Act. Yes 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant (1) has filed all reports required to be filed by section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the Registrant was required to file such reports) and (2) has been subject to such filing requirements for the past 90 days. No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has submitted electronically every Interactive Data File required to be submitted pursuant to Rule 405 of Regulation S-T 232.405 of this chapter) during the preceding 12 months (or for such shorter period that the registrant was required to submit such files). No 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a large accelerated filer, an accelerated filer, a non-accelerated filer, or a smaller reporting company. See the definitions of large accelerated filer , accelerated filer and smaller reporting company in Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act. (Check one): 

Large accelerated filer Accelerated filer Smaller reporting company Emerging growth company 

If an emerging growth company, indicate by check mark if the registrant has elected not to use the extended transition period for complying with any new or revised financial accounting standards provided pursuant to Section 13(a) of the Exchange Act. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant has filed a report on and attestation to its management s assessment of the effectiveness of its internal control over financial reporting under Section 404(b) of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act (15 U.S.C. 7262(b)) by the registered public accounting firm that prepared or issued its annual report. 

Indicate by check mark whether the registrant is a shell company (as defined in Rule 12b-2 of the Act). 

Yes No 

As of April 1, 2022, the last business day of the registrant s most recently completed second fiscal quarter, the aggregate market value of the voting stock held by non-affiliates of the registrant was (based on the closing price of the common stock as reported on the NYSE AMERICAN of 33.72 per share). 

There were shares of the Registrant's Common Stock, 0.10 par value, outstanding as of January 17, 2023. 

DOCUMENTS INCORPORATED BY REFERENCE 

Information required by Part III (Items 10, 11, 12, 13 and 14) hereof is incorporated by reference to portions of the Registrant s Proxy Statement for the 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120 days after the end of the registrant s fiscal year covered by this report.

FLANIGAN'S ENTERPRISES, INC. AND SUBSIDIARIES 

TABLE OF CONTENTS 

PART I 

Item 1 
 Business 
 1 

Item 1A 
 Risk Factors 
 15 

Item 1B 
 Unresolved Staff Comments 
 29 

Item 2 
 Properties 
 29 

Item 3 
 Legal Proceedings 
 39 

Item 4 
 Mine Safety Disclosures 
 39 
 
 PART II 

Item 5 
 Market for Registrant s Common Equity, Related
 Stockholder Matters and Issuer Purchases of Equity Securities 
 39 

Item 6 
 Reserved 
 39 

Item 7 
 Management s Discussion and Analysis of
 Financial Condition and Results of Operations 
 39 

Item 7A 
 Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About
 Market Risk 
 52 

Item 8 
 Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
 53 

Item 9 
 Changes in and Disagreements with Accountants
 on Accounting and Financial Disclosure 
 53 

Item 9A 
 Controls and Procedures 
 53 

Item 9B 
 Other Information 
 54 

Item 9C 
 Disclosure Regarding Foreign Jurisdictions that Prevent Inspections 
 54 

PART III 

Item 10 
 Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance 
 54 

Item 11 
 Executive Compensation 
 54 

Item 12 
 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners
 and Management and Related Stockholder Matters 
 54 

Item 13 
 Certain Relationships and Related Transactions,
 and Director Independence 
 54 

Item 14 
 Principal Accountant Fees and Services 
 54 
 
 PART IV 

Item 15 
 Exhibits and Financial Statement Schedules 
 54 

Item 16 
 Form 10 K Summary 
 59 
 
 SIGNATURES 
 59 
 
 EXHIBIT INDEX 

LIST XBRL DOCUMENTS 

Table of Contents 

As used in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, the
terms we, us, our, the Company and Flanigan s mean Flanigan's
Enterprises, Inc. and its subsidiaries (unless the context indicates a different meaning). 

CAUTIONARY NOTE REGARDING FORWARD-LOOKING STATEMENTS 

This annual report, including,
without limitation, statements under the heading Management s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results
of Operations, includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended Securities Act and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended Exchange Act ). These
forward-looking statements can be identified by the use of forward-looking terminology, including the words believes, estimates, 
 anticipates, expects, intends, plans, may, will, potential, 
 projects, predicts, continue, or should, could , may ,
 might , will and would or, in each case, their negative or other variations or comparable terminology.
There can be no assurance that actual results will not materially differ from expectations. Such statements include, but are not limited
to, any statements relating to the future effects of the COVID 19 pandemic, the general expansion of our business and other statements
which are not statements of current or historical facts. 

The forward-looking statements
contained in this annual report are based on our current expectations and beliefs concerning future developments and their potential effects
on us. Future developments affecting us may not be those that we have anticipated. These forward-looking statements involve a number of
risks, uncertainties (some of which are beyond our control) and other assumptions that may cause actual results or performance to be materially
different from those expressed or implied by these forward-looking statements. These risks and uncertainties include, but are not limited
to, those factors described under the heading Risk Factors. Should one or more of these risks or uncertainties materialize,
or should any of our assumptions prove incorrect, actual results may vary in material respects from those projected in these forward-looking
statements. We caution readers not to place undue reliance on any forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the dates on which
they are made. We undertake no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information,
future events or otherwise, except as may be required under applicable securities laws. These risks and others described under Risk
Factors may not be exhaustive. 

By their nature, forward-looking
statements involve risks and uncertainties because they relate to events and depend on circumstances that may or may not occur in the
future. We caution you that forward-looking statements are not guarantees of future performance and that our actual results of operations,
financial condition and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate may differ materially from those made in or suggested
by the forward-looking statements contained in this annual report. In addition, even if our results of operations, financial condition
and liquidity, and developments in the industry in which we operate are consistent with the forward-looking statements contained in this
annual report, those results or developments may not be indicative of results or developments in subsequent periods. 

Table of Contents 

PART I 

ITEM 1. BUSINESS 

General 

As of October 1, 2022,
Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., a Florida corporation, together with its subsidiaries we , our , ours 
and us as the context requires), (i) operates 30 units, consisting of restaurants, package liquor stores, combination restaurant/package
liquor stores and a sports bar that we either own or have operational control over and partial ownership in; and franchises an additional
five units, consisting of two restaurants (one of which we operate) and three combination restaurant/package liquor stores. The table
below provides information concerning the type (i.e. restaurant, sports bar, package liquor store or combination restaurant/package liquor
store) and ownership of the units (i.e. whether (i) we own 100 of the unit; (ii) the unit is owned by a limited partnership of which
we are the sole general partner and/or have invested in; or (iii) the unit is franchised by us), as of October 1, 2022 and as compared
to October 2, 2021. With the exception of The Whale s Rib , a restaurant we operate but do not own, and Brendan s
Sports Pub a restaurant/bar we own, all of the restaurants operate under our service marks Flanigan s Seafood Bar
and Grill or Flanigan s and all of the package liquor stores operate under our service marks Big Daddy s
Liquors or Big Daddy s Wine Liquors . 

TYPES OF UNITS 
 
 FISCAL YEAR 
 2022 
 
 FISCAL YEAR 
 2021 

Company Owned: 

Combination package liquor store and restaurant 
 3 
 3 
 (1) 
 
 Restaurant only, including sports bar 
 8 
 7 
 (2) 
 
 Package liquor store only 
 7 
 7 

Company Managed Restaurants Only : 

Limited partnerships 
 10 
 8 
 (3) 
 
 Franchise 
 1 
 1 

Unrelated Third Party 
 1 
 1 

Total Company Owned/Operated Units 
 30 
 27 

Franchised Units 
 5 
 5 
 (4) 

____________________ 

Notes: 

 (1) During the first quarter of our fiscal
year 2019, our combination package liquor store and restaurant located at 2505 N. University Drive, Hollywood, Florida (Store #19), was
damaged by a fire which has caused it to be closed since the first quarter of our fiscal year 2019. Subsequent to our fiscal year ended
October 1, 2022, we opened our newly built stand-alone package liquor store on this site replacing our package liquor store destroyed
by fire and previously operating here, We are constructing a stand-alone restaurant building on this site (adjacent to the package liquor
store), replacing our restaurant destroyed by fire and previously operating here. We do not believe this restaurant will be operational
during our fiscal year 2023. 

 (2) During the third quarter of our fiscal
year 2022, we entered into a new lease for the business premises and purchased the assets of a restaurant/bar known as Brendan s
Sports Pub located at 868 S. Federal Highway, Pompano Beach, Florida and began operating the location under its current trade name. 

 (3) During the second quarter of our fiscal
year 2022, our limited partnership owned restaurant located at 14301 West Sunrise Boulevard, Sunrise, Florida (Store #85) opened for business
in March, 2022 (the 2022 Sunrise Restaurant ). Our limited partnership owned restaurant located at 11225 Miramar Parkway
#250, Miramar, Florida (Store #25) is expected to open for business in February, 2023 (the 2023 Miramar Restaurant ). 

1 

 Table of Contents 

(4) We operate a restaurant for one (1) franchisee.
This unit is included in the table both as a franchised restaurant, as well as a restaurant operated by us. 

History
and Development of Our Business 

We were incorporated in Florida
in 1959 and commenced operating as a chain of small cocktail lounges and package liquor stores throughout South Florida. By 1970, we had
established a chain of "Big Daddy's" lounges and package liquor stores between Vero Beach and Homestead, Florida. From 1970 to 1979, we
expanded our package liquor store and lounge operations throughout Florida and opened clubs in five other "Sun Belt" states. In 1975,
we discontinued most of our package store operations in Florida except in the South Florida areas of Miami-Dade, Broward, Palm Beach and
Monroe Counties. In 1982, we expanded our club operations into the Philadelphia, Pennsylvania area as general partner of several limited
partnerships we organized. In March 1985, we began franchising package liquor stores and lounges in the South Florida area. (See Note
14 to the consolidated financial statements and the discussion of franchised units on pages 3 and 4). 

During our fiscal year 1987, we
began renovating our lounges to provide full restaurant food service, and subsequently renovated and added food service to most of our
lounges. Food sales currently represent approximately 78.8 and bar sales approximately 21.2 of our total restaurant sales. 

Our package liquor stores emphasize
high volume business by providing customers with a wide variety of brand name and private label merchandise at discount prices. Our restaurants
and our new sports bar establishment offer alcoholic beverages and food service with abundant portions and reasonable prices, served in
a relaxed, friendly and casual atmosphere. 

We conduct our operations directly
and through a number of limited partnerships and wholly owned subsidiaries, all of which are listed below. Our subsidiaries and the limited
partnerships, (except for the limited partnership, where we are not the general partner, which owns and operates our franchised restaurant
in Fort Lauderdale, Florida) are reported on a consolidated basis. 

Entity 
 
 State Of 
 Organization 
 
 Percentage 
 Owned 

Flanigan s Management Services, Inc. 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. of Georgia 
 Georgia 
 100 
 
 Flanigan s Enterprises of N. Miami, Inc. 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 CIC Investors #13, Limited Partnership 
 Florida 
 45 
 
 CIC Investors #25, Limited Partnership 
 Florida 
 -- 
 
 CIC Investors #50, Limited Partnership 
 Florida 
 24 
 
 CIC Investors #55, Limited Partnership 
 Florida 
 49 
 
 CIC Investors #60, Limited Partnership 
 Florida 
 46 
 
 CIC Investors #65, Limited Partnership 
 Florida 
 28 
 
 CIC Investors #70, Limited Partnership 
 Florida 
 41 
 
 CIC Investors #80, Limited Partnership 
 Florida 
 27 
 
 CIC Investors #85, Limited Partnership 
 Florida 
 7 
 
 CIC Investors #90, Limited Partnership 
 Florida 
 5 
 
 Josar Investments, LLC 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 Flanigan s Calusa Center, LLC 
 Florida 
 100 
 
 Flanigan s Fish Company, LLC 
 Florida 
 51 

2 

 Table of Contents 

Package
Liquor Store Operations 

Our package liquor stores emphasize
high volume business by providing customers with a wide selection of brand name and private label liquors, beers and wines while offering
competitive pricing by meeting the published sales prices of our competitors. We provide sales training to our package liquor store personnel.
The stores are open for business seven days a week from 9:00-10:00 a.m. to 9:00-10:00 p.m., depending upon demand and local law. Most
of our units have "night windows" with extended evening hours. 

Company-Owned
Package Liquor Stores . As of our fiscal year ended October 1, 2022, we own and operate nine package liquor stores in the South
Florida area under the name Big Daddy s Liquors or Big Daddy s Wine Liquors , two of which
are jointly operated with restaurants we own. Subsequent to our fiscal year ended October 1, 2022, we opened our stand-alone package liquor
store replacing our package liquor store destroyed by fire and previously operating in Hollywood, Florida. 

Franchised
Package Liquor Stores . We currently franchise three package liquor stores, all in the South Florida area, all of which are operated
under the name Big Daddy s Liquors . Of the three franchised package liquor stores, two are jointly operated with our
franchisee s restaurant operations and one is operated in a freestanding building adjacent to the franchisee s restaurant
operation. Two of the three franchised package liquor stores are franchised to members of the family of our Chairman of the Board, officers
and/or directors. We have not entered into a franchise arrangement for either a package liquor store, restaurant or combination package
liquor store/restaurant since 1986 and do not anticipate that we will do so in the foreseeable future. 

Generally, a franchise agreement
with our franchisees for the operation of a package liquor store runs for the balance of the term of the franchisee s lease for
the business premises, extended by the franchisee s continued occupancy of the business premises thereafter, whether by lease or
ownership. In exchange for our providing management and related services to the franchisee and our granting the right to the franchisee
to use our service mark, Big Daddy s Liquors , franchisees of package liquor stores pay us weekly in arrears, (i) a
royalty equal to approximately 1 of gross sales; plus (ii) an amount for advertising equal to between 1-1/2 to 3 of gross sales generated
at the stores depending upon our actual advertising costs. 

For accounting purposes, we do
not consolidate the revenue and expenses of our franchisees operations with our revenue and expenses. Franchise royalties we receive
are recognized as revenue when sales are made by franchisees. 

3 

 Table of Contents 

Restaurant
Operations 

Our restaurants provide a neighborhood
casual, standardized dining experience, typical of casual restaurant chains. The interior decor of the restaurants is nautical with numerous
fishing and boating pictures and decorations. The restaurants are designed to permit minor modifications without significant capital expenditures.
However, from time to time we are required to redesign and refurbish the restaurants at significant cost. Drink prices may vary between
locations to meet local conditions. Food prices are substantially standardized for all restaurants. The restaurants' hours of operation
are from 11:00 a.m. to 1:00-5:00 a.m. depending upon demand and local law. 

 Company-Owned
Restaurants . We own and operate nine restaurants all under our service mark Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill 
two of which are jointly operated with package liquor stores we own. We are constructing a stand-alone restaurant to be located in Hollywood,
Florida to replace our restaurant destroyed by fire. We do not believe this restaurant will be operational during our fiscal year 2023. 

Franchised
Restaurants . We franchise five restaurants, all of which operate under our service mark Flanigan s Seafood Bar and
Grill , two of which operate as a restaurant only, two of which operate jointly with a franchisee operated Big Daddy s
Liquors package liquor store and one of which operates adjacent to a Big Daddy s Liquors package liquor store.
Four of the five franchised restaurants are franchised to members of the family of or our Chairman of the Board, officers and/or directors.
We have not entered into a franchise arrangement for either a package liquor store, restaurant or combination package liquor store/restaurant
since 1986 and do not anticipate that we will do so in the foreseeable future. 

Generally, a franchise agreement
with our franchisees for the operation of a restaurant runs for the balance of the term of the franchisee s lease for the business
premises, extended by the franchisee s continued occupancy of the business premises thereafter, whether by lease or ownership. In
exchange for our providing management and related services to the franchisee and our granting the right to the franchisee to use our service
mark, Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill , our franchisees pay us weekly in arrears, (i) a royalty equal to approximately
3 of gross sales; plus (ii) an amount for advertising equal to between 1-1/2 to 3 of gross sales from the restaurants depending upon
our actual advertising costs. 

For accounting purposes, we do
not consolidate the revenue and expenses of our franchisees operations with our revenue and expenses. Franchise royalties we receive
are recognized as revenue when sales are made by franchisees. 

Restaurants Owned by Affiliated
Limited Partnerships 

We have invested along with others,
(some of whom are or are affiliated with our officers and directors), in ten limited partnerships which currently own and operate nine
South Florida based restaurants under our service mark Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill . An additional limited partnership
owned restaurant located at 11225 Miramar Parkway #250, Miramar, Florida (Store #25) is expected to open for business in February, 2023
(the 2023 Miramar Restaurant ). In addition to being a limited partner in these limited partnerships, we are the sole general
partner of nine of these limited partnerships and manage and control the operations of these restaurants. We are only a limited partner
in the limited partnership which owns and operates the restaurant located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. 

4 

 Table of Contents 

Generally,
the terms of the limited partnership agreements provide that until the investors cash investment in a limited partnership (including
any cash invested by us) is returned in full, (available cash is distributed to the investors pro-rata based on ownership interest), the
limited partnership distributes to the investors annually out of available cash from the operation of the restaurant, as a return of capital,
up to 25 of the cash invested in the limited partnership, with no management fee paid to us. Any available cash in excess of the 25 
of the cash invested in the limited partnership distributed to the investors annually, is paid one-half ) to us as a management
fee and one-half ) to the investors, (including us), pro-rata based on the investors investment, as a return of capital.
Once all of the investors, (including us), have received, in full, amounts equal to their cash invested, an annual management fee becomes
payable to us equal to one-half ) of cash available to be distributed, with the other one-half ) of available cash distributed
to the investors (including us), as a profit distribution, pro-rata based on the investors investment. As of October 1, 2022, all
limited partnerships, with the exception of the 2022 Sunrise Restaurant, which opened for business in March, 2022 and the 2023 Miramar
Restaurant, which we anticipate will open for business in February, 2023, have returned all cash invested and we receive an annual management
fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by the limited partnership. In addition to receipt of distributable
amounts from the limited partnerships, we receive a fee equal to 3 of gross sales for use of the service mark Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill or Flanigan s . In addition to our receipt of distributable amounts from the limited partnerships,
we receive a fee equal to 3 of gross sales for use of our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill or Flanigan s 
service marks, which use is authorized while we act as general partner only. This 3 fee is earned when sales are made by
the limited partnerships and is paid weekly, in arrears. Whether we will have any additional restaurants under development in the future
will be dependent, among other things, on market conditions and our ability to raise capital. We anticipate that we will continue to form
limited partnerships to raise funds to own and operate restaurants under our service marks Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill 
or Flanigan s using the same or substantially similar financial arrangements. 

Below is information on the eleven
limited partnerships which own and operate Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill or Flanigan s restaurants: 

Surfside, Florida 

We are the sole general partner
and a 46 limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Surfside, Florida under our Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since March 6, 1998. 33.3 of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons
who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial
cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by this limited
partnership. 

Kendall, Florida 

We are the sole general partner
and a 41 limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Kendall, Florida under our Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since April 4, 2000. 28.3 of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons
who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial
cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by this limited
partnership. 

West Miami, Florida 

We are the sole general partner
and a 27 limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in West Miami, Florida under our Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since October 11, 2001. 32.7 of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons
who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial
cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by this limited
partnership. 

5 

 Table of Contents 

Wellington, Florida 

We are the sole general partner
and a 28 limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Wellington, Florida under our Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since May 27, 2005. 22.4 of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons
who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial
cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half (1/2) of the cash available for distribution by this limited partnership. 

Pinecrest, Florida 

We are the sole general partner
and 45 limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Pinecrest, Florida under our Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since August 14, 2006. 20.2 of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons
who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial
cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by this limited
partnership. 

Pembroke Pines, Florida 

We are the sole general partner
and a 24 limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Pembroke Pines, Florida under our Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since October 29, 2007. 23.8 of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons
who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial
cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by this limited
partnership. 

Davie, Florida 

We are the sole general partner
and a 49 limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Davie, Florida under our Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since July 28, 2008. 12.3 of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons
who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial
cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by this limited
partnership. 

Miami, Florida 

We are the sole general partner
and a 5 limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Miami, Florida under our Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since December 27, 2012. 26.8 of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons
who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial
cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by this limited
partnership. 

6 

 Table of Contents 

Sunrise, Florida 

We are the sole general partner
and a 7 limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Sunrise, Florida under our Flanigan s 
service mark since March 20, 2022. 31.3 of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers,
directors or their family members. As of the end of our fiscal year 2022, this limited partnership has returned to its investors approximately
2.0 of their initial cash invested. 

Miramar, Florida 

We are the sole general partner
in this limited partnership which is developing a restaurant in Miramar, Florida under our Flanigan s service mark.
No units of limited partnership interest were purchased by the Company. 24.0 of the limited partnership interest is owned by persons
who are either our officers, directors or their family members. We anticipate that this new restaurant will commence operations in February,
2023 . 

Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

A corporation owned by one of
our board members acts as sole general partner of a limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Fort Lauderdale,
Florida under our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since April 1, 1997. We have a 25 limited partnership
interest in this limited partnership. 31.9 of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers,
directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all cash invested, but since we are not the
general partner of this limited partnership, we do not receive an annual management fee. We have a franchise arrangement with this limited
partnership and for accounting purposes, we do not consolidate the operations of this limited partnership into our operations. 

Management Agreement for The
Whale s Rib Restaurant 

Since January 2006, we have managed
 The Whale s Rib , a casual dining restaurant located in Deerfield Beach, Florida, pursuant to a management agreement.
We paid 500,000 in exchange for our rights to manage this restaurant. The restaurant is owned by a third party unaffiliated with us.
In exchange for providing management, bookkeeping and related services, we receive one-half ) of the net profit, if any, from the
operation of the restaurant. For our fiscal years ended October 1, 2022 and October 2, 2021, we generated 400,000 of revenue each fiscal
year from providing these management services. 

Operations
and Management 

We emphasize systematic operations
and control of all package liquor stores and restaurants regardless of whether we own, franchise or manage the unit. Each unit has its
own manager who is responsible for monitoring inventory levels, supervising sales personnel, food preparation and service in restaurants
and generally assuring that the unit is managed in accordance with our guidelines and procedures. We have in effect an incentive cash
bonus program for our managers and salespersons based upon various performance criteria. Our operations are supervised by supervisors,
who visit all Company, limited partnership and franchise owned units and the managed unit to provide on-site management and support. There
are three supervisors responsible for package liquor store operations and six supervisors responsible for restaurant operations. 

All of our managers and salespersons
receive extensive training in sales techniques. We arrange for independent third parties, or "shoppers", to inspect each unit in order
to evaluate the unit's operations, including the handling of cash transactions. 

7 

 Table of Contents 

Purchasing and Inventory 

The package liquor business requires
a constant substantial capital investment in inventory at the stores. Our inventory consists primarily of liquor and wine products and
as such, does not become excessive or obsolete that would require identifying and recording of the same. Liquor inventory purchased can
normally be returned only if defective or broken. 

All of our purchases of liquor
inventory are made through our purchasing department from our corporate headquarters. The major portion of inventory is purchased under
individual purchase orders with licensed wholesalers and distributors who deliver the merchandise within one or two days of the placing
of an order. Frequently there is only one wholesaler in the immediate marketing area with an exclusive distributorship of certain liquor
product lines. Substantially all of our liquor inventory is shipped by the wholesalers or distributors directly to our stores. We significantly
increase our inventory prior to Christmas, New Year's Eve and other holidays. Under Florida law, we are required to pay for our liquor
purchases within ten days of delivery. 

Negotiations with food suppliers
are conducted by our purchasing department at our corporate headquarters. We believe this ensures that the best quality and prices will
be available to each restaurant. Orders for food products are prepared by each restaurant's kitchen manager and reviewed by the restaurant's
general manager before orders are placed. Food is delivered by the supplier directly to each restaurant. Orders are placed several times
a week to ensure product freshness. Food inventory is primarily paid for monthly. We purchase food and other commodities for use in our
operations based on market prices established with our suppliers. Many of the food products purchased by us can be subject to price volatility
due to market supply and demand factors outside of our control. We mitigate the risk of supply shortages and obtain competitive prices
by utilizing multiple qualified suppliers for substantially all our food products. 

We negotiate short and long term
agreements for certain of our principal food product requirements, depending on market conditions and expected demand. We evaluate the
possibility of entering into arrangements to assist us in managing risk and variability associated with the supply and demand of food
products. 

In order to fix the cost and ensure
adequate supply of baby back ribs for our restaurants for calendar years 2022 and 2023, we entered into purchase agreements with our current
rib supplier, whereby we agreed to purchase approximately 10.4 million and 6.8 million of 2.25 Down Baby Back Ribs 
(industry jargon for the weight range in which slabs of baby back ribs are sold) from this vendor during calendar years 2022 and 2023,
at prescribed costs, which we believe are competitive. The decrease in our cost of baby back ribs for calendar year 2023 compared to calendar
year 2022 is due to a decrease in market price. 

While we anticipate purchasing
all of our rib supply from this vendor, we believe there are several other alternative vendors available, if needed. 

Information
Technology 

 Our
restaurant and package liquor store point of sale and back-office systems provide information regarding daily sales, cash receipts, inventory,
food and beverage costs, labor costs and other controllable operating expenses. Our restaurants and package liquor stores offer online
ordering for to-go sales and our package liquor stores also offer delivery services by third-party vendors. 

 Restaurant
and package liquor store hardware and software support is provided by both our internal support services team as well as third-party vendors. Each
restaurant and package liquor store has a private high-speed wide area connection to send and receive critical business data as well as
to access web-based applications securely as well as a failover capability. All of our core and critical applications are backed
up to external data centers. To mitigate business interruptions, we utilize a data backup and replication infrastructure between
our onsite and external data centers, so all data is replicated nightly between the sites. 

8 

 Table of Contents 

We
require cybersecurity awareness training for all staff members with access to our cyber systems. We also maintain cyber risk insurance
coverage to further reduce our risk profile. Security of our financial data and other sensitive information remains a high priority
for us, led by our information technology department. In an effort to further secure our customers credit card information, we
employ an encryption and tokenization platform for all credit card transactions in our restaurants, ensuring no credit card data is stored
in our internal systems. We also transact business through online ordering for both our restaurants and package liquor stores through
third party vendors. (See Item 1A. Risk Factors and the discussion of cybersecurity risks on page 28.) 

 Government Regulation 

Our operations are subject to
various federal, state and local laws affecting our business. In particular, our operations are subject to regulation by federal agencies
and to licensing and regulation by state and local health, food preparation and safety, sanitation, alcoholic beverage control, safety
and fire department agencies in the state or municipality where our units are located. 

Alcoholic beverage control regulations
require each of our restaurants and package liquor stores to obtain a license to sell alcoholic beverages from a state authority and in
certain locations, county and municipal authorities. 

In Florida, where all of our restaurants
and package liquor stores are located, most of our liquor licenses are issued on a "quota license" basis. Quota licenses are issued on
the basis of a population count established from time to time under the latest applicable census. Because the total number of liquor licenses
available under a quota license system is limited and restrictions are placed upon their transfer, the licenses have purchase and resale
value based upon supply and demand in the particular areas in which they are issued. The quota licenses held by us allow the sale of liquor
for on and off premises consumption (the 4 COP Quota Liquor License ). The other liquor licenses held by us or limited partnerships
of which we are the general partner, are restaurant liquor licenses, which do not have quota restrictions or purchase or resale value.
A restaurant liquor license is issued to every applicant who meets all of the state and local licensing requirements, including, but not
limited to zoning and minimum restaurant size, seating and menu. The restaurant liquor licenses held by us allow the sale of liquor for
on premises consumption only, (the 4 COP SFS Liquor License ). 

All licenses must be renewed annually
and may be revoked or suspended for cause at any time. Suspension or revocation may result from violation by the licensee or its employees
of any federal, state or local law regulation pertaining to alcoholic beverage control. Alcoholic beverage control regulations relate
to numerous aspects of the daily operations of our units, including, minimum age of patrons and employees, hours of operations, advertising,
wholesale purchasing, inventory control, handling, storage and dispensing of alcoholic beverages, internal control and accounting. 

As the sale of alcoholic beverages
constitutes a large share of our revenue, the failure to receive or retain, or a delay in obtaining a liquor license in a particular location
could adversely affect our operations in that location and could impair our ability to obtain licenses elsewhere. 

During our fiscal years 2022 and
2021, no significant pending matters have been initiated concerning any of our licenses which might be expected to result in a revocation
of a liquor license or other significant actions against us. 

We are subject to dram-shop 
statutes due to our restaurant operations. These statutes generally provide a person injured by an intoxicated person the right to recover
damages from an establishment that wrongfully served alcoholic beverages to the intoxicated individual. We carry liquor liability coverage
as part of our existing comprehensive general liability insurance, which we believe is consistent with coverage carried by other entities
in the restaurant industry. Although we are covered by insurance, a judgment against us under a dram-shop statute in excess of our liability
coverage could have a material adverse effect on us. We currently have no dram shop claims. 

9 

 Table of Contents 

Our operations are also subject
to federal and state laws governing such matters as wages, working conditions, citizenship requirements and overtime. Significant numbers
of hourly personnel at our restaurants are paid at rates related to the federal or Florida minimum wage, whichever is higher, and accordingly,
increases in the minimum wage will increase labor costs. We are also subject to the Americans with Disability Act of 1990 (ADA), which,
among other things, may require certain renovations to our restaurants to meet federally mandated requirements. The cost of any such renovations
is not expected to materially affect us. 

A significant number of our hourly
restaurant staff members receive income from gratuities. Many of our locations participate voluntarily in a Tip Reporting Alternative
Commitment TRAC agreement with the Internal Revenue Service IRS ). By complying with the educational and
other requirements of the TRAC agreement, we reduce the likelihood of potential employer-only FICA
tax assessments for unreported or underreported tips. We are not under investigation or audit, nor have we been assessed for potential
employer-only FICA tax assessments for unreported or underreported tips. 

We are also subject to laws relating
to information security, privacy, cashless payments and consumer credit protection and fraud. 

We are not aware of any statute,
ordinance, rule or regulation under present consideration which would significantly limit or restrict our business as now conducted. However,
in view of the number of local jurisdictions within the State of Florida in which we conduct business, and the highly regulated nature
of the liquor business, there can be no assurance that additional limitations may not be imposed in the future, even though none are presently
anticipated. 

Human
Capital 

We
depend on our staff members to successfully execute all aspects of our day-to-day operations. Our ability to attract highly motivated
staff members and retain an engaged, experienced team is key to successful execution of our strategy. We are currently operating in a
competitive labor environment. If we are unable to hire or retain qualified restaurant management and operating personnel in an increasingly
competitive market, we may be unable to effectively operate and grow our business and revenues, which could materially adversely affect
our financial performance. 

 Development
and Training 

 We
invest resources to ensure our staff receive training in order to maximize their potential. In addition, we strive to provide our staff
with career advancement opportunities. Our training programs allow us to fill certain of our management positions with internal candidates. 

 Benefits
and Wellness 

 We
believe access to healthcare is a compelling benefit for many staff members and we offer healthcare benefits to our hourly staff members
who work a minimum of 30 hours per week, on average. We attempt to provide a robust suite of benefits and wellness offerings. 

10 

 Table of Contents 

Employee
Engagement 

 Listening
to our staff members is an essential part of building an engaged workforce, and we provide avenues for staff to share their ideas and
concerns. 

 As
of our fiscal year end 2022, we employed 1,766 persons, of which 469 were full-time and 1,297 were part-time. Of these, 58 were employed
at our corporate offices in administrative capacities and 14 were employed in maintenance. Of the remaining employees, 67 were employed
in our package liquor stores and 1,627 in our restaurants. None of our employees are represented by collective bargaining organizations.
We consider our labor relations to be favorable. 

 Giving
Back 

 Another
key aspect of our culture is giving back to the communities where our staff live and work, and uniting our staff members around charitable
causes personal to them. We periodically donate philanthropic organizations through campaigns designed to engage our staff company-wide
service programs, as follows: 

Breast Cancer Awareness We donate 10,000 to local Breast Cancer Support organizations. 

Donated over 100,000 to HOPE mission. Money is used for disaster and hunger relief all over the world, youth
 outreach, and community building. 

Achievement Awards We provide schools in Miami-Dade, Broward, and Palm Beach County with free meal
 coins and achievement awards throughout the year. We give out approximately 50,000 awards every year. 

Fishing Tournaments/Marine Conservation We donate to fishing tournaments and beach cleanup projects. 

Supporting the local community We donate funds to boy scouts, baseball teams, schools, etc. 

Habitat for Humanity We have sponsored multiple home building projects through Habitat for Humanity. 

Sheridan House We donated 500 backpacks to underprivileged children. We also collect and donate school
 supplies annually. 

Reclaimed Wood All of our locations use reclaimed wood on interior walls. 

We also believe our
sustainability programs and initiatives like restaurant-based composting and recycling and replacing our off-premise packaging with materials
that reduce the use of plastics and improve recyclability serve to foster pride in our staff. 

11 

 Table of Contents 

Executive Officers 

Name 

Positions and Offices
 Currently Held 

Age 

Office or Position 
 Held Since 

James G. Flanigan 
 
 Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief 
 Executive Officer and President 
 
 58 
 (1) 
 
 August Bucci 
 
 Chief Operating Officer and Executive Vice President 
 
 78 
 2002 
 
 Jeffrey D. Kastner 
 
 Chief Financial Officer, General Counsel and Secretary 
 
 69 
 (2) 
 
 Christopher O Neil 
 
 Vice President of Package Operations 
 
 57 
 
 2016 

---------------- 

 (1) Chairman of the Board of Directors, Chief Executive Officer since 2005;
President since 2002. 

 (2) Chief Financial Officer since 2004; Secretary since 1995; and General
Counsel since 1982. 

Flanigan s 401(k) Plan 

Effective July 1, 2004, we began
sponsoring a 401(k) retirement plan covering substantially all employees who meet certain eligibility requirements. Employees may contribute
elective deferrals to the plan up to amounts allowed under the Internal Revenue Code. We are not required to contribute to the plan but
may make discretionary profit sharing and/or matching contributions. During our fiscal years ended October 1, 2022 and October 2, 2021,
the Board of Directors approved discretionary matching contributions totaling 50,000 and 59,000, respectively. 

Coronavirus Pandemic 

In March 2020, a novel strain
of coronavirus was declared a global pandemic and a National Public Health Emergency. The novel coronavirus pandemic and related shelter-in-
place orders and other governmental mandates relating thereto (collectively, COVID-19 adversely affected and will,
in all likelihood continue to adversely affect, our restaurant operations and financial results for the foreseeable future. 

During the second quarter of our
fiscal year 2021, certain of the entities owning the limited partnership stores (the LP s ), as well as the store we
manage but do not own (the Managed Store ), applied for and received loans from an unrelated third party lender pursuant
to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under the United States Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the
 CARES Act enacted March 27, 2020, in the aggregate principal amount of approximately 3.98 million, (the 2 nd 
PPP Loans ), of which approximately: (i) 3.35 million was loaned to six of the LP and (ii) 0.63 million was loaned to
the Managed Store. The 2 nd PPP Loan to the Managed Store is not included in our consolidated financial statements. During the
first quarter of our fiscal year 2022, we applied for and received forgiveness of the entire amount of principal and accrued interest
for all 2 nd PPP Loans, including the Managed Store. 

COVID-19 has had a material adverse
effect on our access to supplies or labor and there can be no assurance that there will not be a significant adverse impact on our supply
chain or access to labor in the future. We are actively monitoring our food suppliers to assess how they are managing their operations
to mitigate supply flow and food safety risks. To ensure we mitigate potential supply availability risk, we are building additional inventory
back stock levels when appropriate and we have also identified alternative supply sources in key product categories including but not
limited to food, sanitation and safety supplies. 

12 

 Table of Contents 

As of October 1, 2022, we are
in compliance with the financial covenants contained in our loans with our unrelated third-party institutional lender (the Institutional
Lender under which we owe in the aggregate, approximately 23,272,000 (the Institutional Loans of our total loans
of approximately 25,389,000. 

There can be no assurances that
we will be in compliance with our financial covenants thereafter due to, among other things, that our results of operations will likely
continue to be materially impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. Absent a waiver, failure to be in compliance with our financial covenants
would constitute a default under the Institutional Loans with our Institutional Lender when reported. Such a default, if not cured or
waived, would allow the Institutional Lender to accelerate the maturity of the indebtedness we owe under the Institutional Loans, making
it due and payable at the time. If maturity of the Institutional Loans were accelerated, it would have a material adverse impact on our
consolidated financial statements and results of operations. 

General Liability Insurance 

For the policy year beginning
December 30, 2021, we have general liability insurance which incorporates a deductible of 10,000 per occurrence for both us and the limited
partnerships. Our insurance carrier is responsible for 1,000,000 coverage per occurrence above our deductible, up to a maximum aggregate
of 2,000,000 per year. We were also able to purchase excess liability insurance at a reasonable premium, whereby our excess insurance
carrier is responsible for 10,000,000 coverage above our primary general liability insurance coverage. We are uninsured against liability
claims in excess of 11,000,000 per occurrence and in the aggregate. We secured general liability and excess liability insurance for the
period commencing after the expiration of the current policies on December 30, 2022. (See Item 2. Subsequent Events for a discussion of
general liability and excess liability insurance for the period commencing December 30, 2022 on page 38.) 

Our general policy is to settle
only those legitimate and reasonable claims asserted and to aggressively defend and go to trial, if necessary, on frivolous and unreasonable
claims. Under our current liability insurance policy, certain expenses incurred in defending a claim, including attorney's fees, are a
part of our 10,000 deductible. 

In accordance with accounting
guidance, we accrue for any liability by recognizing costs when it is probable that a covered liability has been incurred and the cost
can be reasonably estimated. Accordingly, our annual insurance costs may be subject to adjustment from previous estimates as facts and
circumstances change. Our accruals are included in the accompanying consolidated balance sheets in the caption "Accounts payable and accrued
expenses". A significant unfavorable judgment or settlement against us in excess of our liability insurance coverage could have a materially
adverse effect on the Company. 

Property
Insurance; Windstorm Insurance; Deductibles 

For the policy year beginning
December 30, 2021, our property insurance is a one (1) year policy with an unaffiliated third party insurance carrier, including coverage
for properties leased by us and our consolidated limited partnerships, and provides for full insurance coverage for property losses, including
those caused by windstorm, such as a hurricane. For property losses caused by windstorm, the property insurance has a fixed deductible
of 100,000, plus 5 of all insured losses, per occurrence. For all other property losses, the property insurance has deductibles of 10,000
per location, per occurrence. We secured property insurance for the period commencing after the expiration of the current policy on December
30, 2022. (See Item 2. Subsequent Events for a discussion of property insurance for the period commencing December 30, 2022 on page 38.) 

13 

 Table of Contents 

Competition and the Company's
Market 

The liquor and hospitality industries
are highly competitive and are often affected by changes in taste and entertainment trends among the public, by local, national and economic
conditions affecting spending habits, and by population and traffic patterns. We believe that the principal means of competition among
package liquor stores is price and that, in general, the principal means of competition among restaurants include the location, type and
quality of facilities and the type, quality and price of beverage and food served. 

Our package liquor stores compete
directly or indirectly with local retailers and discount superstores . Due to the competitive nature of the liquor industry
in South Florida, we have had to adjust our pricing to stay competitive, including meeting all competitors advertisements subject
to certain limitations. Such practices will continue in the package liquor business. We believe that we have a competitive position in
our market because of widespread consumer recognition of the "Big Daddy's Liquors" and Big Daddy s Wine Liquors 
names. 

Our restaurants compete directly
or indirectly with many well-established competitors, both nationally and locally owned. Effective October 3, 2021 and then effective
December 19, 2021 we increased menu prices for our food offerings to target an increase to our food revenues of approximately 2.38 and
3.34 annually, respectively, to offset higher food costs and higher overall expenses and effective December 12, 2021 we increased menu
prices for our bar offerings to target an increase to our bar revenues of approximately 7.80 annually. Prior to these increases, we previously
raised menu prices in the third quarter of our fiscal year 2021. We believe that we have a competitive position in our market because
of widespread consumer recognition of the Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill" and Flanigan s names. 

We have many well-established
competitors, both nationally and locally owned, with substantially greater financial resources than we do. Their resources and market
presence may provide advantages in marketing, purchasing and negotiating leases. We compete with other restaurant and retail establishments
for sites and finding management personnel. 

Our business is subject to seasonal
effects, including that liquor purchases tend to increase during the holiday seasons. 

Trade Names 

We operate our package liquor
stores and restaurants under the service marks; "Big Daddy's Liquors", Big Daddy s Wine Liquors , Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill", and Flanigan s . We operate our sports bar under the service mark; Brendan s Sports
Pub . Our right to the use of the "Big Daddy's" service mark is set forth under a consent decree of a federal court entered into
by us in settlement of federal trademark litigation. The consent decree and the settlement agreement allow us to continue to use and to
expand our use of the "Big Daddy's service mark in connection with our package liquor sales in Florida, while restricting future
liquor sales in Florida under the "Big Daddy's" name by the other party who has a federally registered service mark for "Big Daddy's"
use in the restaurant business. The federal court retained jurisdiction to enforce the consent decree. We have acquired registered Federal
trademarks on the principal register for our Big Daddy s Liquors , "Flanigan's" and Flanigan s Seafood
Bar and Grill service marks. 

The standard symbolic trademark
associated with our facilities and operations is the bearded face and head of "Big Daddy" which is predominantly displayed at all "Flanigan's"
facilities and all "Big Daddy's" facilities throughout the country. The face comprising this trademark is that of the Company s
founder, Joseph "Big Daddy" Flanigan, and is a federally registered trademark owned by us. 

14 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 1A. 
 RISK FACTORS 

An investment in our common stock
involves a high degree of risk. These risks should be considered carefully with the uncertainties described below, and all other information
included in this Annual Report on Form 10-K, before deciding whether to purchase our common stock. Additional risks and uncertainties
not currently known to management or that management currently deems immaterial and therefore not referenced herein, may also become material
and may harm our business, financial condition or results of operations. The occurrence of any of the following risks could harm our business,
financial condition and results of operations. The trading price of our common stock could decline due to any of these risks and uncertainties
and you may lose part or all of your investment. 

Certain statements in this report
contain forward-looking information. In general, forward-looking statements include estimates of future revenues, cash flow, capital expenditures,
or other financial items and assumptions underlying any of the foregoing. Forward-looking statements reflect management s current
expectations regarding future events and use words such as anticipate , believe , expect , may ,
 will and other similar terminology. These statements speak only as of the date they were made and involve a number of risks
and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those expressed in the forward-looking statements. Several
factors, many beyond our control, could cause actual results to differ materially from management s expectations. New risks and
uncertainties arise from time to time, and we cannot predict when they may arise or how they may affect us. We assume no obligation to
update any forward-looking statements after the date of this report as a result of new information, future events or other developments,
except as required by applicable laws and regulations. 

Risks
Related to COVID-19 Pandemic 

The COVID-19 Pandemic Has Had A Significant
Impact On Our Operations Since March 2020 And Could Materially And Adversely Affect Our Future Business And Financial Results. 

In March 2020, a novel strain
of coronavirus was declared a global pandemic and a National Public Health Emergency. The novel coronavirus pandemic and related suggested
and mandated social distancing and shelter-in-place orders and other governmental mandates relating thereto (collectively,
 COVID-19 caused significant disruptions to our business, adversely affected and will, in all likelihood continue to adversely
affect, our restaurant operations and financial results for the foreseeable future, particularly if further government directives are
put in place for a significant amount of time. Throughout our fiscal year 2022, in accordance with guidance from health officials, we
offered both indoor and outdoor food and bar options at all of our restaurants. 

The COVID-19
pandemic s impact on the economy in general, globally, nationally and locally, could also adversely affect our guests financial
condition, resulting in reduced spending at our restaurants and package liquor stores. The COVID-19 pandemic and these responses have
affected and will continue to adversely affect our guest traffic, sales and operating costs and we cannot predict how long the pandemic
will last or what other government responses may occur. 

 During our
fiscal year 2022, our Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 1.00 per share to shareholders of record on March 31, 2022, payable
on April 19, 2022. During our fiscal year 2021, our Board of Directors did not declare a cash dividend due to uncertainty surrounding
the duration of restrictions mandated by state and local governments in response to COVID-19. 

15 

 Table of Contents 

We have
experienced significant issues relating to suppliers and labor impacted by the COVID-19 pandemic. If our suppliers employees are
unable to work, whether because of illness, quarantine, limitations on travel or other government restrictions in connection with COVID-19,
or if the supply chain is disrupted for any other reason such as travel limitations and other restrictions on commerce, we could face
shortages of food items or other supplies at our restaurants and our operations and sales could be adversely impacted by such supply interruptions. 

 The impact
of COVID-19, and the volatile regional and global economic conditions stemming from the pandemic, may also precipitate or exacerbate other
risks discussed in this Item 1A - Risk Factors and elsewhere in this report, any of which could have a material effect on us. This situation
is changing rapidly and additional effects may arise that we are not presently aware of or that we currently do not consider to present
significant risks to our operations. If we are not able to respond to and manage the impact of such events effectively, our business and
financial condition will be negatively impacted. 

 Risks
Related to Our Business 

If we are unable to
staff and retain qualified restaurant and package liquor store management and operating personnel in an increasingly competitive market,
we may be unable to effectively operate and grow our business and revenues, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

Similar
to the broader economy, we are experiencing labor shortfalls relative to our sales levels in certain parts of our workforce. If we are
unable to attract and retain qualified people, our restaurants could be short staffed, we may be forced to incur overtime expenses, and
our ability to operate and expand our concepts effectively and to meet our customers demand could be limited, any of which could
materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

We have experienced
and continue to experience significant labor cost inflation. If we are unable to offset higher labor costs, our cost of doing business
will significantly increase, which could materially adversely impact our financial performance . 

 Increases
in minimum wages and minimum tip credit wages, extensions of personal and other leave policies, other governmental regulations affecting
labor costs and a diminishing pool of potential staff members when the unemployment rate falls and legal immigration is restricted, especially
in certain localities, could significantly increase our labor costs and make it more difficult to fully staff our restaurants, any of
which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

 We
believe the United States federal government may significantly increase the federal minimum wage and tip credit wage (or eliminate the
tip credit wage) and require significantly more mandated benefits than what is currently required under federal law. The State of Florida
has already enacted a minimum wage and tip credit, with the minimum wage currently at 11.00 per hour and a tip credit of 3.02 per hour.
The minimum wage increases 1.00 per hour annually until it reaches 15.00 per hour in 2027. The tip credit does not increase. In addition
to increasing the overall wages paid to our minimum wage and tip credit wage earners, these increases create pressure to increase wages
and other benefits paid to other staff members who, in recognition of their tenure, performance, job responsibilities and other similar
considerations, historically received a rate of pay exceeding the applicable minimum wage or minimum tip credit wage. Because we employ
a large workforce, any wage increase and/or expansion of benefits mandates will have a particularly significant impact on our labor costs.
Our vendors, contractors and business partners are similarly impacted by wage and benefit cost inflation, and many have or will increase
their price for goods, construction and services in order to offset their increasing labor costs. Additionally, while our employees are
not currently covered by any collective bargaining agreements, union organizers may engage in efforts to organize our employees and those
of other restaurant companies. If a significant portion of our employees were to unionize, our labor costs could increase and it could
negatively impact our culture, reduce our flexibility and disrupt our business. In addition, our responses to any union organizing efforts
could negatively impact our reputation and dissuade guests from patronizing our restaurants. 

16 

 Table of Contents 

Our
labor expenses include significant costs related to our health benefit plans. Health care costs continue to rise and are especially difficult
to project. Material increases in costs associated with medical claims, or an increase in the severity or frequency of such claims, may
cause health care costs to vary substantially from year-over-year. Given the unpredictable nature of actual health care claims trends,
including the severity or frequency of claims, in any given year our health care costs could significantly exceed our estimates,
which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

 Any
significant changes to the healthcare insurance system could impact our healthcare costs. Material increases in healthcare costs could
materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

 While
we try to offset labor cost increases through price increases, more efficient purchasing practices, productivity improvements and greater
economies of scale, there can be no assurance that these efforts will be successful. If we are unable to effectively anticipate and respond
to increased labor costs, our financial performance could be materially adversely affected. 

 Our Sales and Profit Growth Could Be
Adversely Affected If Comparable Restaurant Sales Increases Are Less Than We Expect, and We May Not Successfully Increase Comparable Restaurant
Sales or They May Decrease. 

While future sales growth
will depend substantially on our opening new restaurants, changes in comparable restaurant sales (which represent the change in period-over-period
sales for restaurants) will also affect our sales growth and will continue to be a critical factor affecting profit growth. This is because
the profit margin on comparable restaurant sales is generally higher, as comparable restaurant sales increases enable fixed costs to be
spread over a higher sales base. Conversely, declines in comparable restaurant sales can have a significant adverse effect on profitability
due to the loss of the positive impact on profit margins associated with comparable restaurant sales increases. There is no assurance
that comparable restaurant sales will increase in fiscal year 2023 due to, among other things, ongoing consumer and economic uncertainty. 

Our ability to increase comparable
restaurant sales depends on many factors, including: 

perceptions of the Flanigan s brand; 

competition, especially from an increasing number of competitors in the fast casual segment of the restaurant
 industry and from other restaurants whose strategies overlap ours, as well as from grocery stores, meal kit delivery services and other
 dining options; 

executing our strategies effectively, including our marketing and branding strategies; 

changes in consumer preferences and discretionary spending; 

our ability to increase menu prices without adversely affecting our existing business; 

weather, natural disasters and other factors limiting access to our restaurants; and 

changes in government regulation that may impact customer perceptions of our food. 

17 

 Table of Contents 

As a result it is possible
that we will not achieve our targeted comparable restaurant sales or that the change in comparable restaurant sales could be negative.
A number of these factors are beyond our control and therefore we cannot assure that we will be able to sustain comparable restaurant
sales increases. 

High Unemployment, Instability in the Housing
Market, High Energy and Food Costs and General Economic Uncertainty Could Result in a Decline in Consumer Discretionary Spending That
Would Materially Affect our Financial Performance. 

COVID-19 has had a significant
impact on domestic economies and will likely continue to negatively impact these economies for some time. Dining out is a discretionary
expense. In addition to COVID-19, factors that affect consumer behavior and spending for restaurant dining, such as changes in general
economic conditions (including national, regional and local economic conditions), discretionary spending patterns, employment levels,
instability in the housing market, and high energy and food costs may have a material adverse effect on us. If economic conditions worsen,
our financial performance could be adversely affected. 

Intense Competition In The Restaurant And Package Liquor Store Industry
Could Prevent Us From Increasing Or Sustaining Our Revenues And Profitability. 

The restaurant and package liquor
store industry is intensely competitive with respect to food quality, price-value relationships, ambiance, service and location and many
restaurants and package liquor stores compete with us at each of our locations. There are a number of well-established competitors with
substantially greater financial, marketing, personnel and other resources than ours, and many of our competitors are well established
in the markets where we have restaurants and/or stores or where we intend to locate restaurants. Additionally, other companies may develop
restaurants and/or stores that operate with similar concepts. 

Any inability to compete successfully
with the other restaurants and/or stores in our markets will prevent us from increasing or sustaining our revenues and profitability and
will result in a material adverse effect on our business, financial condition, results of operations or cash flows. We may also need to
modify or refine elements of our business to evolve our concepts in order to compete with popular new restaurant formats or store concepts
that may develop in the future. There can be no assurance that we will be successful in implementing these modifications or that these
modifications will not reduce our profitability. 

New Information Or Attitudes Regarding Diet
And Health Could Result In Changes In Regulations And Consumer Eating Habits That Could Adversely Affect Our Revenues. 

Regulations and consumer
eating habits may change because of new information or attitudes regarding diet and health. These changes may include regulations that
impact the ingredients and nutritional content of our menu items at our restaurants. For example, a number of states, counties and cities
are enacting menu-labeling laws requiring multi-unit restaurant operators to make certain nutritional information available to guests
or restrict the sales of certain types of ingredients in restaurants. The success of our restaurant operations is dependent, in part,
upon our ability to respond effectively to changes in consumer health and disclosure regulations and to adapt our menu offerings to trends
in eating habits. If consumer health regulations or consumer eating habits change significantly, we may be required to modify or delete
certain menu items. To the extent we are unable to respond with appropriate changes to our menu offerings, it could materially affect
customer demand and have an adverse impact on our revenues. 

 Adverse Public Or Medical Opinions About Health
Effects Of Consuming Our Products As Well As Negative Publicity About Us, Our Restaurants And/or Package Liquor Stores And About Others
Across The Food And Liquor Industry Supply Chain, Whether Or Not Accurate, Could Negatively Affect Us. 

18 

 Table of Contents 

Restaurant operators have received
more scrutiny from regulators and health organizations in recent years relating to the health effects of consuming certain products. An
unfavorable report on the products we use in our menu, the size of our portions or the consumption of those items could influence the
demand for our offerings. In addition, adverse publicity or news reports, whether or not accurate, of food quality issues, illness, injury,
health concerns, or operating issues stemming from a single restaurant, a limited number of restaurants, restaurants operated by others
or generally in the food supply chain could be damaging to the restaurant industry overall and specifically harm our reputation. A decrease
in guest traffic because of these types of health concerns or negative publicity could materially harm our results of operations. 

Our Inability To Successfully And Sufficiently
Raise Menu Prices Could Result In A Decline In Profitability. 

We utilize menu price increases
to help offset cost increases, including increased cost for commodities, minimum wages, employee benefits, insurance arrangements, construction,
utilities and other key operating costs. If our selection and amount of menu price increases are not accepted by consumers and reduce
guest traffic, or are insufficient to counter increased costs, our financial results could be negatively affected. However, we have not
experienced any adverse effects from past menu price increases. 

Increases in Food Costs, Raw Materials and Other
Supplies and Services Due to Inflation May Have a Material Adverse Impact on our Financial Performance. 

Our operating margins depend on,
among other things, our ability to anticipate and react to changes in the costs of key operating resources, including food and beverage
costs, utilities and other supplies and services due to inflation. We attempt to negotiate short-term and long-term agreements for our
principal commodity, supply and equipment requirements, depending on market conditions and expected demand. However, we are currently
unable to contract for extended periods of time for certain of our commodities. Consequently, these commodities can be subject to unforeseen
supply and cost fluctuations due to factors such as changes in demand patterns, increases in the cost of key inputs, fuel costs, weather
and other market conditions outside of our control caused by inflation. Dairy costs can also fluctuate due to government regulation. Our
suppliers also may be affected by higher costs to produce and transport commodities used in our restaurants, higher minimum wage and benefit
costs, and other expenses that they pass through to their customers, which could result in higher costs for goods and services supplied
to us. 

Shortages or Interruptions in the Supply
of Food Offering Ingredients and/or Liquor Inventory Could Adversely Affect our Operating Results. 

Our
business is dependent on frequent and consistent deliveries of food offering ingredients and liquor inventory. We may experience shortages,
delays or interruptions in the supply of ingredients and other supplies to our restaurants due to inclement weather, natural disasters,
labor issues or other operational disruptions at our suppliers, distributors or transportation providers or other conditions beyond our
control. In addition, we have a single or a limited number of suppliers for some of our ingredients, including baby back ribs. Although
we believe we have potential alternative suppliers and sufficient reserves of food offering ingredients and liquor inventory, shortages
or interruptions in our supply of food offering ingredients and liquor inventory could adversely affect our financial results. 

Our Business Could Be Materially Adversely Affected
If We Are Unable To Expand In A Timely And Profitable Manner. 

19 

 Table of Contents 

To grow successfully, we must
open new restaurants and/or package liquor stores on a timely and profitable basis. We have experienced delays in restaurant and/or package
liquor store openings from time to time and may experience delays in the future. During our fiscal year 2022, we opened our new limited
partnership owned restaurant in Sunrise, Florida (Store #85) for business and continued developing our new limited partnership owned restaurant
in Miramar, Florida (Store #25), which we anticipate opening for business in February 2023. During our fiscal year 2022, we also continued
developing our new package liquor store in Miramar, Florida (Store #24). 

Our ability to open and profitably
operate restaurants and/or package liquor stores is subject to various risks such as identification and availability of suitable and economically
viable locations, the negotiation of acceptable leases or the purchase terms of existing locations, the availability of limited partner
investors or other means to raise capital, the need to obtain all required governmental permits (including zoning approvals) on a timely
basis, the need to comply with other regulatory requirements, the availability of necessary contractors and subcontractors, the availability
of construction materials and labor, the ability to meet construction schedules and budgets, variations in labor and building material
costs, changes in weather or other acts of God that could result in construction delays and adversely affect the results of one or more
restaurants and/or package liquor stores for an indeterminate amount of time. If we are unable to manage these risks successfully, we
will face increased costs and lower than anticipated revenues which will materially adversely affect our business, financial condition,
operating results and cash flow. 

Changes In Customer Preferences For Casual Dining
Styles Could Adversely Affect Financial Performance. 

Changing customer preferences,
tastes and dietary habits can adversely impact our business and financial performance. We offer a large variety of entrees, side dishes
and desserts and our continued success depends, in part, on the popularity of our cuisine and casual style of dining. A change from this
dining style may have an adverse effect on our business. 

Our Success Depends Substantially on the Value
of our Brands and our Reputation for Offering Guests a Satisfactory Experience. 

We believe we have built a reasonably
strong reputation for the predictability of our menu items, as part of the experience that guests enjoy in our restaurants. We believe
we must protect and grow the value of our brands to continue to be successful in the future. Any incident that erodes consumer trust in
or affinity for our brands could be harmful to us. If consumers perceive or experience a reduction in food quality, service or ambiance,
or in any way believe we failed to deliver a consistently positive experience, our brand value could suffer. 

Our Marketing And Advertising Strategies May
Not Be Successful, Which Could Adversely Impact Our Business. 

From time to time, we introduce
new advertising campaigns and media strategies. If our advertising campaign and new media strategies do not resonate with customers in
the manner we hope, they may not result in increased sales, but would still increase our expenses. We will continue to invest in marketing
and advertising strategies that we believe will attract customers or increase their connection with our brand. If these marketing and
advertising investments do not drive increased restaurant and/or package store sales, the expense associated with these programs will
adversely impact our financial results, and we may not generate the levels of comparable sales we expect. 

20 

 Table of Contents 

Labor Shortages, An Increase In Labor Costs,
Or Inability To Attract Employees Could Harm Our Business. 

Our employees are essential to
our operations and our ability to deliver an enjoyable dining experience to our customers. If we are unable to attract and retain enough
qualified restaurant and/or package liquor store personnel at a reasonable cost, and if they do not deliver an enjoyable dining experience,
our results may be negatively affected. Additionally, competition for qualified employees could require us to pay higher wages, which
could result in higher labor costs. 

Due To Our Geographic Locations, Restaurants
Are Subject To Climate Conditions That Could Affect Operations. 

All but one (1) of our restaurants
and package liquor stores are located in South Florida, with the remaining restaurant located in Central Florida. During hurricane season,
(June 1 through November 30 each year), our restaurants and/or package liquor stores may face harsh weather associated with hurricanes
and tropical storms. These harsh weather conditions may make it more difficult for customers to visit our restaurants and package liquor
stores or may necessitate the closure of the stores and restaurants for a period of time. If customers are unable to visit our restaurants
and/or package liquor stores, our sales and operating results may be negatively affected. Hurricane Ian, which struck the Southwest Coast
of Florida on September 28, 2022 did not impact any of the Company s locations. 

If We Were to Experience Widespread Difficulty
Renewing Existing Leases on Favorable Terms, Our Revenue or Occupancy Costs Could be Adversely Affected. 

Most
of the properties on which we operate restaurants are leased from third parties, and some of our leases are due for renewal or extension
options in the next several years. Some leases expire without any renewal options. While we currently expect to pursue the renewal of
substantially all of our expiring restaurant leases, any difficulty renewing a significant number of such leases, or any substantial increase
in rents associated with lease renewals, could adversely impact us. If we have to close any restaurants due to difficulties in renewing
leases, we would lose revenue from the affected restaurants and may not be able to open suitable replacement restaurants. Substantial
increases in rents associated with lease renewals would increase our occupancy costs, reducing our restaurant margins. 

Due To Our Geographic Locations, We May Not
Be Able To Acquire Windstorm Insurance Coverage Or Adequate Windstorm Insurance Coverage At A Reasonable Rate. 

Due to the anticipated active
hurricane seasons in South Florida in the future, we may not be able to acquire windstorm insurance coverage for our restaurant and package
liquor store locations on a year-to-year basis or may not be able to get adequate windstorm insurance coverage at reasonable rates. If
we are unable to obtain windstorm insurance coverage or adequate windstorm insurance coverage at reasonable rates, then we will be self-insured
for all or a part of the exposure for damages caused by a hurricane impacting South Florida, which may have a material adverse effect
upon our financial condition and/or results of operations. We secured windstorm insurance coverage for the period commencing December
30, 2022 at a higher premium. (See Item 2. Subsequent Events for a discussion of windstorm insurance for the period commencing December
30, 2022 on page 38.) 

21 

 Table of Contents 

Our Inability or Failure
to Execute a Comprehensive Business Continuity Plan at our Restaurant Support Centers Following a Disaster or Force Majeure Event could
have a Material Adverse Impact on our Business. 

Many
of our corporate systems and processes and corporate support for our restaurant and package liquor store operations are centralized at
one location. We have disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans in place to address crisis-level events, including
hurricanes and other natural disasters and back up and off-site locations for recovery of electronic and other forms of data and information
and the COVID-19 pandemic has provided a limited test of our ability to manage our business remotely. However, if we are unable to fully
implement our disaster recovery plans, we may experience delays in recovery of data, inability to perform vital corporate functions, tardiness
in required reporting and compliance, failures to adequately support field operations and other breakdowns in normal communication and
operating procedures that could have a material adverse effect on our financial condition, results of operation and exposure to administrative
and other legal claims. In addition, these threats are constantly evolving, which increases the difficulty of accurately and timely predicting,
planning for and protecting against the threat. As a result, our disaster recovery procedures and business continuity plans security may
not adequately address all threats we face or protect us from loss. 

Inability To Attract And Retain Customers Could
Affect Results Of Operations. 

We take pride in our ability to
attract and retain customers, however, if we do not deliver an enjoyable dining experience for our customers, they may not return and
results may be negatively affected. 

A Failure To Comply With Governmental Regulations
Could Harm Our Business And Our Reputation. 

We are subject to regulation by
federal agencies and regulation by state and local health, sanitation, building, zoning, safety, fire and other departments relating to
the development and operation of restaurants. These regulations include matters relating to the following: 

the preparation and sale of food and alcoholic beverages; 

employment; 

building construction and access; 

zoning requirements; and 

the environment. 

Our facilities are licensed and
subject to regulation under state and local fire, health and safety codes. The construction and remodeling of restaurants will be subject
to compliance with applicable zoning, land use and environmental regulations. We may not be able to obtain necessary licenses or other
approvals on a cost-effective and timely basis in order to construct and develop restaurants in the future. 

Various federal and state labor
laws govern our operations and our relationship with our employees, minimum wage, overtime, working conditions, fringe benefit and work
authorization requirements. In particular, we are subject to federal immigration regulations. Given the location of many of our restaurants,
even if we operate those restaurants in strict compliance with federal immigration requirements, our employees may not all meet federal
work authorization or residency requirements, which could lead to disruptions in our work force. 

22 

 Table of Contents 

Our business can be adversely
affected by negative publicity resulting from, among other things, complaints or litigation alleging poor food quality, food-borne illness
or other health concerns or operating issues stemming from one or a limited number of restaurants. Unfavorable publicity could negatively
impact public perception of our brands. 

We are required to comply
with the alcohol licensing requirements of the federal government, states and municipalities where our restaurants are located. Alcoholic
beverage control regulations require applications to state authorities and, in certain locations, county and municipal authorities for
a license and permit to sell alcoholic beverages. Typically, licenses must be renewed annually and may be revoked or suspended for cause
at any time. Alcoholic beverage control regulations relate to numerous aspects of the daily operations of the restaurants, including minimum
age of guests and employees, hours of operation, advertising, wholesale purchasing, inventory control and handling and storage and dispensing
of alcoholic beverages. If we fail to comply with federal, state or local regulations, our licenses may be revoked and we may be forced
to terminate the sale of alcoholic beverages at one or more of our restaurants. 

 The Federal Americans with
Disabilities Act (the ADA prohibits discrimination on the basis of disability in public accommodations and employment.
We are required to comply with the ADA and regulations relating to accommodating the needs of disabled persons in connection with the
construction of new facilities and with significant renovations of existing facilities. 

 Failure to comply with
these and other regulations could negatively impact our reputation and could have an adverse effect on our business, financial condition,
results of operations or cash flows. 

 We May Face Liability Under Dram Shop
Statutes. 

 Our sale of alcoholic beverages
subjects us to dram shop statutes, which allow an injured person to recover damages from an establishment that served alcoholic
beverages to an intoxicated person. If we receive a judgment substantially in excess of our insurance coverage, or if we fail to maintain
our insurance coverage, our business, financial condition, operating results or cash flows could be materially and adversely affected.
There are currently no dram shop claims pending against us. See Item 1. Business Government Regulation 
for a discussion of the regulations with which we must comply. 

 Concerns relating
to pandemics and other diseases, food safety and food-borne illness could reduce customer traffic to our restaurants, disrupt our food
supply chain or cause us to be the target of litigation, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

 The
COVID-19 pandemic had a significant adverse impact on our customer traffic and ability to operate our restaurants and may do so again
in the foreseeable future. Future pandemics and other diseases may have a similar or more severe impact. 

 In years past, several
nationally known restaurants experienced outbreaks of food poisoning believed to be caused by E.coli contained in fresh spinach, which
is not included in any of the items on our menu, Asian and European countries experienced outbreaks of avian flu and incidents of mad
cow disease have occurred in Canadian and U.S. cattle herds. These problems, other food-borne illnesses (such as, hepatitis A,
trichinosis or salmonella) and injuries caused by food tampering have in the past, and could in the future, adversely affect the price
and availability of affected ingredients and cause changes in consumer preference. As a result, our sales could decline. 

23 

 Table of Contents 

Instances of food-borne illnesses,
real or perceived, whether at our restaurants or those of our competitors, could also result in negative publicity about us or the restaurant
industry, which could adversely affect sales. If we react to negative publicity by changing our menu or other key aspects of the dining
experience we offer, we may lose customers who do not accept those changes and may not be able to attract enough new customers to produce
the revenue needed to make our restaurants profitable. If our guests become ill from food-borne illnesses, we could be forced to temporarily
close some restaurants. A decrease in guest traffic as a result of health concerns or negative publicity, or as a result of a change in
our menu or dining experience or a temporary closure of any of our restaurants, could materially harm our business. 

If We Are Unable To Protect Our Customers 
Credit Card Data, We Could Be Exposed To Data Loss, Litigation And Liability, And Our Reputation Could Be Significantly Harmed. 

In connection with credit card
sales, we transmit confidential credit card information by way of secure private retail networks. Although we use private networks, third
parties may have the technology or know-how to breach the security of the customer information transmitted in connection with credit card
sales, and our security measures and those of our technology vendors may not effectively prohibit others from obtaining improper access
to this information. If a person is able to circumvent these security measures, he or she could destroy or steal valuable information
or disrupt our operations. Any security breach could expose us to risks of data loss, litigation, and liability, and could seriously disrupt
our operations and any resulting negative publicity could significantly harm our reputation. We have not experienced any security breaches
to date. 

If We Experience a Significant Failure in or
Interruption of Certain Key Information Technology Systems, our Business could be Adversely Impacted. 

We use a variety of applications
and systems to manage the flow of information securely within each of our restaurants and within our centralized corporate infrastructure.
The services available within our systems and applications include restaurant and store operations, supply chain, inventory, scheduling,
training, human capital management, financial tools and data protection services. The restaurant and store structure is based primarily
on a point-of-sale system that operates locally and is integrated with other functions necessary to operations. It records sales transactions,
receives out of store orders and authorizes, batches and transmits credit card transactions. The system also allows employees to enter
time clock information and to produce a variety of management reports. Select information that is captured from this system at each restaurant
or store is collected in the central corporate infrastructure, which enables management to continually monitor operating results. Our
ability to manage efficiently and effectively our business depends significantly on the reliability and capacity of these and other systems
and our operations depend substantially on the availability of our point-of-sale system and related networks and applications. These systems
may be vulnerable to attacks or outages from security breaches, viruses and other disruptive problems, as well as from physical theft,
fire, power loss, telecommunications failure or other catastrophic events. Any failure of these systems to operate effectively, whether
from security breaches, maintenance problems, upgrades or transitions to new platforms, or other factors could result in interruptions
to or delays in our restaurant or other operations, adversely impacting the restaurant or store experience for our customers or negatively
impacting our ability to manage our business. If our information technology systems fail and our redundant systems or disaster recovery
plans are not adequate to address such failures, or if our business interruption insurance does not sufficiently compensate us for any
losses that we may incur, our revenues and profits could be reduced and the reputation of our brand and our business could be materially
adversely affected. In addition, remediation of any problems with our systems could result in significant, unplanned expenses. 

24 

 Table of Contents 

The Effect of Recent Changes to U.S. Healthcare
Laws May Increase Our Healthcare Costs and Negatively Impact Our Financial Results. 

We offer eligible full-time
employees the opportunity to enroll in healthcare coverage subsidized by the Company. For various reasons, many of our eligible employees
currently choose not to participate in our healthcare plans. However, under the comprehensive U.S. health care reform law enacted in 2010,
the Affordable Care Act, certain provisions, including, the employer mandate, may increase our labor costs significantly. In general,
implementing the requirements of the Affordable Care Act is likely to impose additional administrative costs on us. The costs and other
effects of these new healthcare requirements cannot be determined with certainty, but they may have a material adverse effect on our financial
and operating results. 

 Governmental Regulation in One or More
of the Following Areas May Adversely Affect Our Existing and Future Operations and Results, Including by Harming Our Ability to Open New
Restaurants or Increasing Our Operating Costs. 

 Employment
and Immigration Regulations 

 We
are subject to various federal and state laws governing our relationship with and other matters pertaining to our employees, including
wage and hour laws, requirements to provide meal and rest periods or other benefits, healthcare, family leave mandates, requirements regarding
working conditions and accommodations to certain employees, citizenship or work authorization and related requirements, insurance and
workers compensation rules and anti-discrimination laws. Complying with these rules subjects us to substantial expense and can
be cumbersome and can also expose us to liabilities from claims for non-compliance. For example, historically, lawsuits have been filed
against us alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding employee wages and payment of overtime. We could suffer losses from
and we incur legal costs to defend, these and similar cases and the amount of such losses or costs could be significant. In addition,
several states and localities in which we operate and the federal government have from time to time enacted minimum wage increases, paid
sick leave and mandatory vacation accruals and similar requirements and these changes could increase our labor costs. Changes in U.S.
healthcare laws could also adversely impact us if they result in significant new welfare and benefit costs or increased compliance expenses. 

 We
also are subject to being audited from time to time for compliance with citizenship or work authorization requirements. From time to time,
the State of Florida considers adopting new state immigration laws and the U.S. Congress and Department of Homeland Security from time
to time consider or implement changes to Federal immigration laws, regulations or enforcement programs as well. Changes in immigration
or work authorization laws may increase our obligations for compliance and oversight, which could subject us to additional costs and make
our hiring process more cumbersome or reduce the availability of potential employees. Although we require all workers to provide us with
government-specified documentation evidencing their employment eligibility, some of our employees may, without our knowledge, be unauthorized
workers. We currently participate in the E-Verify program, an Internet-based, free program run by the U.S. government to
verify employment eligibility for all employees throughout our company. However, use of E-Verify does not guarantee that we will properly
identify all applicants who are ineligible for employment. Unauthorized workers may subject us to fines or penalties and we could experience
adverse publicity that negatively affects our brand and may make it more difficult to hire and keep qualified employees. Termination of
a significant number of employees would disrupt our operations including slowing our throughput and could also cause additional adverse
publicity and temporary increases in our labor costs as we train new employees. We could also become subject to fines, penalties
and other costs related to claims that we did not fully comply with all recordkeeping obligations of federal and state immigration compliance
laws. Our reputation and financial performance may be materially harmed as a result of any of these factors. 

25 

 Table of Contents 

On
the other hand, in the event we wrongfully reject work authorization documents or if our compliance procedures are found to have a disparate
impact on a protected class, such as a racial minority or based on the citizenship status of applicants, we could be found to be in violation
of anti-discrimination laws. We could experience adverse publicity arising from enforcement activity related to work authorization compliance,
anti-discrimination compliance, or both, that negatively impacts our brand and may make it more difficult to hire and keep qualified employees.
Moreover, our business could be adversely affected by increased labor costs or difficulties in finding the right employees for our restaurants. 

 Additionally,
while we do not currently have any unionized employees, union organizers have engaged in efforts to organize employees of other restaurant
companies. If a significant portion of our employees were to become union organized, our labor costs could increase and our efforts to
maintain a culture appealing only to top performing employees could be impaired. Potential changes in labor laws, including the possible
passage of legislation designed to make it easier for employees to unionize, could increase the likelihood of some or all of our employees
being subjected to greater organized labor influence and could have an adverse effect on our business and financial results by imposing
requirements that could potentially increase our costs, reduce our flexibility and impact our employee culture. 

 Americans
with Disabilities Act and Similar State Laws 

 We
are subject to the U.S. Americans with Disabilities Act, or ADA, and similar state laws that give civil rights protections to individuals
with disabilities in the context of employment, public accommodations and other areas. We have incurred legal fees in connection with
ADA-related complaints in the past and we may in the future have to modify restaurants, for example by adding access ramps or redesigning
certain architectural features, to provide service to or make reasonable accommodations for disabled persons under these laws. The expenses
associated with these modifications or any damages, legal fees and costs associated with litigating or resolving claims under the ADA
or similar state laws, could be material. 

 Nutrition
and Food Regulation 

 In
recent years there has been an increased legislative, regulatory and consumer focus at the federal, state and municipal levels on the
food industry including nutrition and advertising practices. Restaurants operating in the quick-service and fast-casual segments have
been a particular focus. For example, the State of California, New York City and a number of other jurisdictions around the U.S. have
adopted regulations requiring that chain restaurants include calorie information on their menus and/or make other nutritional information
available and nation-wide nutrition disclosure requirements included in the U.S. health care reform law went into effect as of December 1,
2015. These nutrition disclosure requirements may increase our expenses or slow customers as they select their food and beverage choices
decreasing our throughput. These initiatives may also change customers buying habits in a way that adversely impacts our sales. 

 Privacy/Cybersecurity 

 We
are required to collect and maintain personal information about our employees and we collect information about customers as part of some
of our marketing programs as well. The collection and use of such information is regulated at the federal and state levels and the regulatory
environment related to information security and privacy is increasingly demanding. If our security and information systems are compromised
or if we otherwise fail to comply with these laws and regulations, we could face litigation and the imposition of penalties that could
adversely affect our financial performance. Our reputation as a brand or as an employer could also be adversely affected from these types
of security breaches or regulatory violations, which could impair our sales or ability to attract and keep qualified employees. 

26 

 Table of Contents 

Local
Licensure, Zoning and Other Regulation 

 Each
of our restaurants is also subject to state and local licensing and regulation by health, alcoholic beverage, sanitation, food and workplace
safety and other agencies. We may experience material difficulties or failures in obtaining the necessary licenses or approvals for new
restaurants, which could delay planned restaurant openings. In addition, stringent and varied requirements of local regulators with respect
to zoning, use and environmental factors could delay or prevent development of new restaurants in particular locations. 

 Environmental
Laws 

 We
are subject to federal, state and local environmental laws and regulations concerning the discharge, storage, handling, release and disposal
of hazardous or toxic substances, as well as local ordinances relating to our operations. We have not conducted a comprehensive environmental
review of our properties or operations. We cannot predict what environmental laws will be enacted in the future, how existing or future
environmental laws will be administered or interpreted, or the amount of future expenditures that we may need to make to comply with or
to satisfy claims relating to environmental laws. 

 We Could Be
Party To Litigation That Could Adversely Affect Us By Distracting Management, Increasing Our Expenses or Subjecting Us to Material Money
Damages and Other Remedies. 

 We
could be party to litigation that could adversely affect us by distracting management, increasing our expenses or subjecting us to material
money damages and other remedies. We could become subject to numerous claims alleging violations of federal and state laws regarding workplace
and employment matters, including wages, work hours, overtime, vacation and family leave, discrimination, wrongful termination and similar
matters, and we could become subject to class action or other lawsuits related to these or different matters. Our customers could file
complaints or lawsuits against us alleging that we are responsible for some illness or injury they suffered at or after a visit to our
restaurants or that we have problems with food quality, operations or our food related disclosure or advertising practices. The restaurant
industry has been subject to a growing number of claims based on the nutritional content of food products sold and disclosure and advertising
practices. 

 Regardless
of whether any claims against us are valid or whether we are ultimately held liable for such claims, they may be expensive to defend and
may divert time and money away from our operations and hurt our performance. A significant judgment for any claims against us could materially
and adversely affect our financial condition or results of operations. Any adverse publicity resulting from these allegations, whether
directed at us or at fast casual or quick-service restaurants generally, may also materially and adversely affect our reputation or prospects,
which in turn could adversely affect our results. 

 Our Success
May Depend on the Continued Service and Availability of Key Personnel. 

 Our
Chairman and Chief Executive Officer and President, James Flanigan, has been the principal architect of our business strategy since 2002.
August Bucci, Jeffrey Kastner and Christopher O Neil, our Chief Operating Officer, Chief Financial Officer and Vice President of
Package Operations, respectively, have also served with us since 2002 in the case of Mr. Bucci, since 2004 in the case of Mr. Kastner
and 2016 in the case of Mr. O Neil, and much of our growth has occurred under their direction as well. We believe our executive
officers have created an employee culture, food culture and business strategy at our company that has been critical to our success and
that may be difficult to replicate under another management team. We also believe that it may be difficult to locate and retain executive
officers who are able to grasp and implement our unique strategic vision. If our company culture were to deteriorate following a change
in leadership, or if a new management team were to be unsuccessful in executing our strategy or were to change important elements of our
current strategy, our growth prospects or future operating results may be adversely impacted. 

27 

 Table of Contents 

We are Exposed
to Risks Related to Cybersecurity. 

 Although
we maintain systems and processes that are designed to protect the security of our computer systems, software, networks and other technology,
there is no assurance that all of our security measures will provide absolute security. Any material incidents could cause us to experience
financial losses that are either not insured against or not fully covered through any insurance maintained by us and increased expenses
related to addressing or mitigating the risks associated with any such material incidents. Cyber threats are rapidly evolving and
are becoming increasingly sophisticated. Despite our efforts to ensure the integrity of our systems, as cyber threats evolve and become
more difficult to detect and successfully defend against, one or more cyber threats might defeat the measures that we or our vendors take
to anticipate, detect, avoid or mitigate such threats. Certain techniques used to obtain unauthorized access, introduce malicious software,
disable or degrade service, or sabotage systems may be designed to remain dormant until a triggering event and we may be unable to anticipate
these techniques or implement adequate preventative measures since techniques change frequently or are not recognized until launched,
and because cyberattacks can originate from a wide variety of sources. If our information security
systems or data are compromised in a material way, our ability to conduct our business may be impaired, we may incur financial losses
and we may incur costs to remediate possible harm and/or to pay fines or take other action which could have a material adverse impact
on our business. 

 If There is
a Material Failure in our Information Technology Systems, Our Business Operations and Profits could be Negatively Affected and our Systems
may be Inadequate to Support our Future Growth Strategies. 

 We
rely heavily on information technology systems in all aspects of our operations including our restaurant point-of sale systems, financial
systems, marketing programs, employee engagement, supply chain management, cyber-security, and various other processes and transactions.
Our ability to effectively manage and run our business depends on the reliability and capacity of our information technology systems,
including technology services and systems for which we contract from third parties. These systems and services may be insufficient to
effectively manage and run our business. These systems and our business needs will continue to evolve and require upgrading and maintenance
over time, consequently requiring significant future commitments of resources and capital. 

 Moreover,
these technology services and systems, communication systems, and electronic data could be subject or vulnerable to damage or interruption
from hurricanes, terrorist attacks, floods, fires, power loss, telecommunications failures, computer viruses, loss of data, data breaches,
or other attempts to harm our systems. A failure of these systems to operate effectively, problems with transitioning to upgraded or replacement
systems, or any other failure to maintain a continuous and secure information technology network for any of the above reasons could result
in interruption and delays in customer services, adversely affect our reputation, and negatively impact our results of operations. 

 Acts of Violence
at or Threatened Against our Restaurants or the Centers in which they are Located, including Active Shooter Situations and Terrorism,
Could Unfavorably Impact our Restaurant Sales, which could Materially Adversely Affect our Financial Performance. 

 Any
act of violence at or threatened against our restaurants or the centers in which they are located, including active shooter situations
and terrorist activities, may result in restricted access to our restaurants and/or restaurant closures in the short-term and, in the
long-term, may cause our customers and staff to avoid our restaurants. Any such situation could adversely impact customer traffic and
make it more difficult to staff our restaurants fully, which could materially adversely affect our financial performance. 

28 

 Table of Contents 

The
occurrence or threat of extraordinary events, such as active shooter or future terrorist attacks military and governmental responses,
and the protest of future wars, may result in negative changes to economic conditions likely resulting in decreased consumer spending.
Additionally, decreases in consumer discretionary spending may impact the frequency with which our customers choose to dine out at restaurants
or the amount they spend on meals while dining out at restaurants, thereby adversely affecting our sales and results of operations. A
decrease in consumer discretionary spending may also adversely affect our ability to achieve the benefit of planned menu price increases
to help preserve our operating margins. 

 Social Media
Impact on Customer Perceptions of our Brand. 

 The
considerable expansion in the use of social media over recent years can further amplify any negative publicity that may be generated.
The adverse impact of publicity on customers perception of us could have a further negative impact on our sales. If the impact
of any such publicity is particularly long-lasting, the value of our brand may suffer and our ability to grow could be diminished. 

 Our digital
business, which has become an increasing significant part of our business, is subject to risks. 

 Primarily
due to the COVID-19 pandemic, our revenue derived from digital orders, which includes delivery and customer pickup has increased substantially.
While we are uncertain as to whether this business will continue to increase and/or be significant, we have implemented technology, targeted
advertising and promotions and to some extent remodeled our restaurants, to accommodate the growth of our digital business. If we do not
continue to grow our digital business, it may be difficult for us to recoup these costs or achieve our sales growth potential. We rely
on third-party delivery services to fulfill package store delivery orders, and the ordering and payment platforms used by these third-parties,
or online ordering system, could be interrupted by technological failures, user errors, cyber-attacks or other factors, which could adversely
impact sales through these channels and negatively impact our reputation. Additionally, our delivery partners are responsible for order
fulfillment and errors or failures to make timely deliveries could cause guests to stop ordering from us. The third-party delivery business
is competitive, with a number of players competing for market share and delivery drivers. If the third-party delivery services that
we utilize cease or curtail operations, increase their fees, or give greater priority or promotions on their platforms to our competitors,
our delivery business and our sales may be negatively impacted 

 Our institutional
lender no longer originates, renews or modifies loans at LIBOR effective January 1, 2022. 

Effective January 1, 2022, our
institutional lender no longer originates, renews or modifies loans at LIBOR, except in limited situations. The limited exceptions include
our LIBOR transactions which reduce or hedge our LIBOR exposure on contracts entered into before January 1, 2022. As of October 1, 2022,
we had two variable rate instruments outstanding that are impacted by changes in interest rates. The interest rate of the first variable
rate debt instrument is equal to the lender s LIBOR Rate plus two and one-quarter percent (2.25 per annum and was paid in full
subsequent to October 1, 2022. The second variable rate debt instrument is equal to the lender s BSBY Screen Rate plus one and one-half
percent (1.50 per annum. As a means of managing our interest rate risk on the second debt instrument, we entered into an interest rate
swap agreement with our unrelated third party lender to convert this variable rate debt obligation to fixed rate. 

ITEM 1B. 
 UNRESOLVED STAFF COMMENTS 

As a Smaller Reporting Company
as defined by Rule 12b-2 of the Exchange Act and in Item 10(f)(1) of Regulation S-K, we are electing scaled disclosure reporting obligations
and therefore are not required to provide the information requested by this Item 1B. 

ITEM 2. 
 PROPERTIES . 

Our operations are conducted primarily
on leased property with the exception of the following: 

29 

 Table of Contents 

(i) 
 a 10,000 square foot stand-alone building located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida that we purchased in December
 1999, which since April 2001 has housed our corporate headquarters; 

(ii) 
 a 4,600 square foot stand-alone building located in Hallandale, Florida that we purchased in July 2006 and
 which since September 1968 has housed our Hallandale, Florida Company-owned combination restaurant and package liquor store (Store #31); 

(iii) 
 a 4,120 square foot stand-alone building in Hollywood, Florida we constructed in November 2003, upon real
 property we acquired in September 2001 pursuant to a 25 year ground lease interest, (a portion of this building is leased to an unaffiliated
 third party), and which since November 2003 has housed our Hollywood, Florida Company-owned package liquor store (Store #4); 

(iv) 
 a 4,500 square foot stand-alone building located in Hollywood, Florida that we purchased in October 2009 and
 which housed our Hollywood, Florida Company-owned combination restaurant and package liquor store (Store #19) from March, 1972 until it
 was destroyed by fire on October 2, 2018 and the vacant parcel of real property adjacent thereto which we purchased in February 2015.
 Subsequent to the fire, (i) we have constructed a 3,000 square foot stand-alone building on the vacant parcel of real property for the
 operation of our Company-owned package liquor store (Store #19P), which opened for business subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022;
 and (ii) are constructing a 4,500 square foot stand-alone building here for the operation of the Company-owned restaurant, (Store #19R),
 which we anticipate will open for business subsequent to our fiscal year end 2023. 

(v) 
 a 4,600 square foot stand-alone building located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida that we purchased in August 2010
 and which since December 1968 has housed our Fort Lauderdale, Florida Company-owned restaurant (Store #22); 

(vi) 
 a 5,100 square foot stand-alone building in North Miami, Florida that we purchased in November 2010; the two
 parcels of real property adjacent thereto which we purchased in December 2012, one of which is contiguous to the real property and which
 we previously leased for non-exclusive parking and the vacant parcel of real property adjacent to the two parcels of real property which
 we purchased in March 2017. The stand-alone building housed our North Miami, Florida Company-owned combination restaurant and package
 liquor store, (Store #20), from July, 1968 until June 2017 when the package liquor store was re-located to a new building we constructed
 on the adjacent property; 

(vii) 
 a 23,678 square foot two building shopping center in Miami, Florida that we purchased in November 2010: (A)
 one stand-alone building, approximately 18,828 square feet, (i) houses our recently opened (October 2019) new package liquor store and
 (ii) is otherwise leased to ten unaffiliated third party retailers; and (B) the second stand-alone building, approximately 4,850 square
 feet, has housed our limited partnership owned Kendall, Florida based restaurant since April 4, 2000, (Store #70); 

(viii) 
 a 6,400 square foot building in Fort Lauderdale, Florida that we purchased in February 2014, 4,000 square
 feet of which has been leased to a related franchisee (Store #15) since April 1, 1997 and the balance (2,400 square feet) of which we
 use as storage. In August 2018 we purchased the real property and quadraplex adjacent thereto to insure adequate parking for the franchised
 restaurant in the future, if needed; 

(ix) 
 a 6,000 square foot stand-alone building in Fort Lauderdale, Florida and the vacant real property diagonally
 adjacent that we purchased in October 2015, which we use as office and warehouse space, covered parking for our food truck and as a storage
 yard; and 

(x) 
 a 6,900 square foot stand-alone building in Sunrise, Florida, which we purchased in March, 2021 and houses
 our limited partnership owned Sunrise, Florida based restaurant, (Store #85), which opened for business in March, 2022. 

All of our units require periodic
refurbishing in order to remain competitive. We have budgeted 650,000 for our refurbishing program for fiscal year 2023, although capital
expenditures of our refurbishing program for our fiscal year 2023 may be significantly higher. See Item 7, "Liquidity and Capital Resources"
for discussion of the amounts spent in fiscal year 2022. 

30 

 Table of Contents 

The following table summarizes information related
to the properties upon which our operations are conducted. For all locations that include lease options, the lessor must extend the term
of the lease for a location if we exercise the lease option. If there is no lease option or if we do not exercise the same, the lessor
is not required to extend the term of the lease upon expiration. 

Name and Location 
 Approx. 
 Square Footage 
 Seats 
 Franchised/ 
 Owned by 
 Lease
 Terms 

Big Daddy's Liquors #4 
 Flanigan's Enterprises Inc. (5) 
 7003 Taft Street 
 Hollywood, Florida 
 
 1,978 
 N/A 
 Company 
 3/1/02 to 2/28/27 Options to 2/28/47 

Big Daddy's Liquors #7 
 Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. 
 1550 W. 84th Street 
 Hialeah, Florida 
 
 1,450 
 N/A 
 Company 
 
 11/1/00 to 10/31/25 

Big Daddy's Liquors #8 
 Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. 
 959 State Road 84 
 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 
 
 4,084 
 N/A 
 Company 
 5/1/99 to 4/30/24 Option to 4/30/29 

Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill #9 
 Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 
 1550 W. 84th Street 
 Hialeah, Florida 
 
 4,700 
 130 
 Company 
 1/1/10 to 12/31/24 Options to 12/31/49 

Flanigan's Legends Seafood Bar and Grill #11 
 11 Corporation, Inc. (1) 
 330 Southern Blvd. 
 W. Palm Beach, Florida 
 
 5,000 
 150 
 Franchise 
 1/4/00 to 1/3/25 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #12 
 Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 
 2405 Tenth Ave. North 
 Lake Worth, Florida 
 
 5,000 
 180 
 Company 
 
 11/16/92 to 11/15/23 
 Options to 11/15/38 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #14 
 Big Daddy's #14, Inc. (1) (4) 
 2041 NE Second St. 
 Deerfield Beach, Florida 
 
 3,320 
 90 
 Franchise 
 6/1/79 to 6/1/24 Options to 6/1/34 

Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill #15 
 CIC Investors #15 Ltd. (1) (7) 
 1479 E. Commercial Blvd. 
 Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 
 
 4,000 
 90 
 Franchise/ Limited Partnership 
 1/1/09 to 8/31/26 Options to 8/31/36 

31 

 Table of Contents 

Name and Location 
 Approx. Square Footage 
 Seats 
 Franchised/ Owned by 
 Lease Terms 

Flanigan s Seafood Bar and 
 Grill #18 
 Twenty Seven Birds Corp. (1) (2) 
 2721 Bird Avenue 
 Miami, Florida 
 
 4,500 
 200 
 Franchise 
 
 2/15/72 to 12/31/25 
 Options to 12/31/35 

Big Daddy's Liquors #18 
 Twenty Seven Birds Corp. (1) (2) 
 2988 S.W. 27 th Avenue 
 Miami, Florida 
 
 3,000 
 N/A 
 Franchise 
 
 2/15/72 to 12/31/25 
 Options to 12/31/35 

Flanigan s Wine Liquors #19 (8) 
 Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 
 7990 Davie Road Extension 
 Hollywood, Florida 
 
 3,000 
 N/A 
 Company 
 Company-Owned 

Flanigan s Seafood Bar and 
 Grill #19 (9) 
 Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 
 2505 N. University Dr. 
 Hollywood, Florida 
 
 4,500 
 160 
 Company 
 Company-Owned 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #20 
 Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. 
 13205 Biscayne Blvd. 
 North Miami, Florida 
 
 5,100 
 150 
 Company 
 Company-Owned 

Big Daddy s Liquors #20 
 Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. 
 13185 Biscayne Blvd. 
 North Miami, Florida 
 
 2,500 
 N/A 
 Company 
 Company-Owned 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #22 
 Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. 
 2600 W. Davie Blvd. 
 Ft. Lauderdale, Florida 
 
 4,100 
 200 
 Company 
 Company-Owned 

Big Daddy s Wine Liquors #24 
 Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. (12) 
 11225 Miramar Parkway, #245 
 Miramar, Florida 
 
 2,000 
 N.A. 
 Company 
 
 3/5/22 to 3/5/32 
 Options to 3/5/47 

32 

 Table of Contents 

Name and Location 
 Approx. Square Footage 
 Seats 
 Franchised/ Owned by 
 Lease Terms 
 
 Brendan s Sports Pub 
 3,500 
 85 
 Company 
 6/16/22 to 6/30/72 

Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 
 868 S. Federal Highway 
 Pompano Beach, Florida 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #31 
 Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. 
 4 N. Federal Highway 
 Hallandale, Florida 
 
 4,600 
 150 
 Company 
 Company-Owned 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #33 
 Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 
 45 S. Federal Highway 
 Boca Raton, Florida 
 
 4,620 
 130 
 Company 
 10/1/10 to 6/30/30 

Big Daddy's Liquors #34 
 Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. 
 9494 Harding Ave. 
 Surfside, Florida 
 
 3,000 
 N/A 
 Company 
 5/29/97 to 5/28/27 Options to 5/28/37 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #40 
 Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. 
 5450 N. State Road 7 
 N. Lauderdale, Florida 
 
 4,600 
 140 
 Company 
 Company-Owned 

Piranha Pat's #43 
 BD 43 Corporation (1) (2) 
 2500 E. Atlantic Blvd. 
 Pompano Beach, Florida 
 
 4,500 
 90 
 Franchise 
 12/1/72 to 11/30/27 

Big Daddy s Liquors #45 
 Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 
 12776 S.W. 88th Street 
 Miami, Florida 
 
 3,250 
 N/A 
 Company 
 
 7/1/19 to 6/30/24 
 Options to 6/30/34 

Big Daddy's Liquors #47 
 Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. (3) 
 8600 Biscayne Blvd. 
 Miami, Florida 
 
 6,000 
 N/A 
 Company 
 12/21/68 to 1/1/30 Options to 1/1/50 

Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill #13 
 CIC Investors #13, Ltd. 
 11415 S. Dixie Highway 
 Pinecrest, Florida 
 
 8,000 
 200 
 Limited Partnership 
 
 6/01/91 to 1/31/31 
 Option to 1/31/36 

33 

 Table of Contents 

Name and Location 
 Approx. Square Footage 
 Seats 
 Franchised/ Owned by 
 Lease Terms 

Flanigan s #25 
 CIC Investors #25, Ltd. (11) 
 11225 Miramar Parkway, #250 
 Miramar, Florida 
 
 6,000 
 200 
 
 Limited 
 Partnership 
 
 3/5/22 to 3/5/32 
 Options to 3/5/47 

Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill #50 
 CIC Investors #50, Ltd. 
 17185 Pines Boulevard 
 Pembroke Pines, Florida 
 
 4,000 
 200 
 Limited Partnership 
 10/24/06 to 10/23/26 and Options to 10/23/31 

Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill #55 
 CIC Investors #55, Ltd. 
 2190 S. University Drive 
 Davie, Florida 

5,900 

200 

Limited 
 Partnership 

1/5/07 to 12/31/26 
 Option to 
 12/31/31 

Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill #60 
 CIC Investors #60 Ltd. 
 9516 Harding Avenue 
 Surfside, Florida 
 
 6,800 
 200 
 Limited Partnership 
 8/1/97 to 12/31/26 

Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill #65 
 CIC Investors #65, Ltd. 
 2335 State Road 7, Suite 100 
 Wellington, Florida 

6,128 
 
 200 
 
 Limited 
 Partnership 
 
 5/01/05 to 6/30/25 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #70 
 CIC Investors #70 Ltd. 
 12790 SW 88 St. 
 Miami, Florida 
 
 4,850 
 200 
 Limited Partnership 
 4/1/00 to 3/31/25 Option to 3/31/30 

Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill #75 
 Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 
 950 S. Federal Highway 
 Stuart, Florida 
 
 7,000 
 200 
 Company 
 5/1/10 to 4/30/26 Option to 4/30/31 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #80 
 CIC Investors #80 Ltd. 
 8695 N.W. 12th St 
 Miami, Florida 
 
 5,000 
 165 
 Limited Partnership 
 
 6/15/01 to 2/14/24 
 Options to 2/14/39 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #85 
 CIC Investors #85 Ltd. (10) 
 14301 W. Sunrise Blvd. 
 Sunrise, Florida 
 
 6,900 
 200 
 Limited Partnership 
 
 3/1/19 to 2/28/29 
 Options to 2/28/44 
 Company-Owned 

34 

 Table of Contents 

Name and Location 
 Approx. Square Footage 
 Seats 
 Franchised/ Owned by 
 Lease Terms 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #90 
 CIC Investors #90 Ltd. 
 9857 S.W. 40 th Street 
 Miami, Florida 
 
 6,400 
 200 
 Limited Partnership 
 
 4/1/11 to 3/31/31 
 Option to 3/31/36 

Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill #95 
 Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 
 2460 Weston Road 
 Weston, Florida 
 
 5,700 
 235 
 Company 
 
 10/1/17 to 9/30/27 Option to 9/30/32 

Flanigan s Calusa Center, LLC (6) 
 12750 12790 S.W. 88 th Street 
 Miami, Florida 
 
 23,700 
 
 Company 
 
 Company-owned 
 shopping center 

--------------------------------------------- 

(1) 
 Franchised by Company. 

(2) 
 Lease assigned to franchisee. We are no longer contingently liable on the lease. 

(3) 
 In 1974, we sold and assigned the underlying ground lease to unaffiliated third parties and simultaneously
 subleased it back. We have re-purchased from the unaffiliated third parties and currently own 52 of the underlying ground lease, as well
 as the sublease agreement. As a result, we pay all rent due under the ground lease, but only 48 of the rent due under the sublease agreement. 

(4) 
 Effective December 1, 1998, we purchased the Management Agreement to operate the franchised restaurant for
 the franchisee. 

(5) 
 Ground lease executed by us on September 25, 2001. We constructed a 4,120 square foot building, of which 1,978
 square feet is used by us for the operation of a package liquor store and the other 2,142 square feet is subleased to an unaffiliated
 third party as retail space. The package liquor store opened for business on November 17, 2003. 

(6) 
 During the first quarter of our fiscal year 2012, our wholly owned subsidiary, Flanigan s Calusa Center,
 LLC, closed on the purchase of a two building shopping center in Miami, Florida, which consists of (i) one stand-alone building which
 is leased to ten unaffiliated third parties and houses our recently opened (October 2019) package liquor store (approximately 3,250 square
 feet) and (ii) a second stand-alone building where our limited partnership owned restaurant located at 12790 SW 88 th Street,
 Miami, Florida, (Store #70), operates. 

35 

 Table of Contents 

(7) 
 During the second quarter of our fiscal year 2014, we closed on the purchase of the building in Fort Lauderdale,
 Florida, which is leased to our franchisee owned restaurant located at 1479 E. Commercial Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, Florida, (Store
 #15). 

(8) 
 During the first quarter of our fiscal year 2019, our combination package liquor store and restaurant located
 at 2505 N. University Drive, Hollywood, Florida (Store #19), was damaged by a fire and was forced to close. We determined that Store #19
 should be demolished and rebuilt as separate buildings. As a result, the package liquor store has been closed since our first quarter
 year 2019, but re-opened for business subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022 in a newly constructed stand-alone building. 

(9) 
 During the first quarter of our fiscal year 2019, our combination package liquor store and restaurant located
 at 2505 N. University Drive, Hollywood, Florida (Store #19), was damaged by a fire and was forced to close. We determined that Store #19
 should be demolished and rebuilt as separate buildings. As a result, the restaurant has been closed since our first quarter year 2019. 

(10) 
 During the second quarter of our fiscal year 2019, we entered into a lease for this location, which lease
 was subsequently assigned to a limited partnership. We raised funds to renovate this new location for operation as a Flanigan s
 Seafood Bar and Grill restaurant using our limited partnership ownership model. The option to purchase was retained by the Company
 when the lease was assigned to the limited partnership and the option to purchase was exercised by the Company during the second quarter
 of our fiscal year 2021. This new restaurant opened for business during the second quarter of our fiscal year 2022. 

(11) 
 During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year 2019, we entered into a lease for this location, which lease
 was subsequently assigned to a limited partnership. We raised funds to renovate this new location for operation as a Flanigan s 
 restaurant using our limited partnership ownership model, which location we believe will open for business in February, 2023. 

(12) 
 During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year 2019, we entered into a lease for this location. We are developing
 this new location for operation as a Big Daddy s Wine Liquors retail package liquor store. 

Casualty
Loss 

During the first quarter of our
fiscal year 2019, our combination package liquor store and restaurant located at 2505 N. University Drive, Hollywood, Florida (Store #19)
was damaged by a fire and was forced to close. Due to the damage caused by the fire, we determined that Store #19 should be demolished
and rebuilt and as a result, the package liquor store and restaurant were closed for our fiscal years 2022, 2021, 2020 and 2019. The package
liquor store re-opened for business subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022 in a newly constructed stand-alone building. We believe
the restaurant will reopen for business in our fiscal year 2024 in a newly constructed stand-alone building where our combination package
liquor store and restaurant at 2505 N. University Drive, Hollywood, Florida was previously located. 

Private
Offerings 

CIC Investors #85, Ltd. (Flanigan s, Sunrise, Florida) 

On
 February 15, 202 2 , a Florida limited partnership (CIC
Investors #85, Ltd.) in which the Company serves as general partner, completed a private placement of 1,000 Units of limited partnership
interests at 5,000 per Unit for proceeds of 5,000,000, 74 Units of which 370,000) were purchased by the Company upon the same terms
and conditions as all other investors. The proceeds of the private placement were used to satisfy (including
reimbursement to us for advances we have made), build-out and renovation expenses and the purchase of such furniture, fixtures and equipment
necessary for operation of our Sunrise, Florida restaurant under the service mark Flanigan s , which commenced
operations on March 22, 2022 . Capital raised from private investors is credited to sale of noncontrolling
interests in our Statements of Stockholders Equity. 

36 

 Table of Contents 

Under ASC 810, Consolidation,
the Company, which is the entity issuing financial statements, is required to consolidate CIC Investors #85, Ltd. as we have a controlling
interest in CIC Investors #85, Ltd. as general partner, although the Company only has a 7.40 ownership. 

CIC Investor #25, Ltd. (Flanigan s, Miramar, Florida) 

On February 15, 2022, a Florida
limited partnership (CIC Investors #25, Ltd.) in which the Company serves as general partner, completed a private placement of 800 Units
of limited partnership interests at 5,000 per Unit for gross proceeds of 4,000,000. No units of limited partnership interest were purchased
by the Company. The proceeds of the private placement are being used to satisfy (including reimbursement to us for advances we have made),
build-out and renovation expenses and the purchase of such furniture, fixtures and equipment necessary for operation of our Miramar, Florida
restaurant under the service mark Flanigan s , which we believe will commence operations in February, 2023. Capital
raised from private investors is credited to sale of noncontrolling interests in our Statements of Stockholders Equity. 

Under ASC 810, Consolidation,
the Company, which is the entity issuing financial statements, is required to consolidate CIC Investors #25, Ltd. as we have a controlling
interest in CIC Investors #25, Ltd. as general partner, although the Company has no direct ownership. 

Execution
of Lease for New Location; Business Acquisition of Brendan s Sports Pub 

Lease 

Pompano Beach, Florida (Brendan s Sports
Pub) 

During the third quarter of our
fiscal year 2022, we entered into a Lease (the BSP Lease with a non-affiliated third party from whom we rented approximately
3,556 square feet of commercial space located at 868 South Federal Highway, Pompano Beach, Florida, where we operate Brendan s
Sports Pub (Store #30), the assets of which we simultaneously purchased. The term of the BSP Lease is for fifty (50) years, triple
net to the landlord with fixed rent of 78,000 per year, with two (2 percent annual increases commencing in year five. 

Assets 

Brendan s Sports Pub, Pompano Beach, Florida 

During the third quarter of our
fiscal year 2022 and simultaneously with the execution of the BSP Lease, we purchased the assets of the business known as Brendan s
Sports Pub located at 868 South Federal Highway, Pompano Beach, Florida for a purchase price of 75,000, including but not limited
to the furniture, fixtures, equipment and service mark, Brendan s Sports Pub , but excluding the 4 COP liquor license
used in the operation of the business. We did not assume any obligations of the business. 

We accounted for the purchase
of the assets of the business known as Brendan s Sports Pub as a business combination that is insignificant for purposes
of all of the disclosures required under ASC 805. 

Purchase
of 4 COP Liquor License 

During our fiscal year 2022,
we purchased a 4 COP Quota Liquor License for Broward County, Florida from an unrelated third party for 445,000. The liquor license is
currently inactive, but we intend to use it in connection with the operation of the package liquor store we are developing in Miramar,
Florida. The 4 COP quota liquor license for Broward County, Florida which we purchased during the third quarter of our fiscal year 2021
and was inactive, was transferred for use in our operation of Brendan s Sports Pub . 

37 

 Table of Contents 

Re-Financing of Existing Mortgages

Re-Finance of Mortgage on Real Property 
 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

During our fiscal year 2022, we
requested and received a loan advance of 697,000 from an entity managed by a member of our Board of Directors who is also our Chief Financial
Officer, which entity currently holds a first priority mortgage note on our real property and improvements where our restaurant located
at 2600 West Davie Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, Florida operates (the West Davie Mortgage Note ). Including the 697,000 advance,
the principal amount outstanding amount owed under the West Davie Mortgage Note as of October 1, 2022 is 1,100,000. The West Davie Mortgage
Note accrues interest at 6 annually, (increased from 5 annually), is amortizable over 15 years with monthly installments of principal
and interest of approximately 9,300 required to be made and a final balloon payment of approximately 487,000 required to be made August
1, 2032. 

Re-Finance of Mortgage on Real Property 
 Hallandale Beach, Florida 

During our fiscal year 2022, we
re-financed our mortgage debt with our non-affiliated third-party lender relating to our real property located at 4 N. Federal Highway,
Hallandale, Florida where our combination package liquor store and restaurant (Store #31) operates and borrowed an additional 8,012,000
increasing the principal balance owed by us to 8,900,000, (the 8.90M Mortgage ). The 8.90M Mortgage bears interest at
a variable rate equal to the BSBY Screen Rate 1 Month plus 1.50 . We entered into an interest rate swap agreement to hedge the
interest rate risk, which fixed the interest rate on the 8.90M Mortgage at 4.90 per annum throughout its term. The 8.90M Mortgage is
fully amortized over fifteen (15) years, with our monthly payment of principal and interest totaling 33,000. 

Subsequent
Events 

Re-Opening of Re-Constructed Package Liquor Store 
Hollywood, Florida 

 Subsequent to the end of our fiscal
year 2022, the package liquor store which was formerly a part of our combination package liquor store and restaurant located at 2505 N.
University Drive, Hollywood, Florida (Store #19) and was forced to close due to damage from a fire during the first quarter of our fiscal
year 2019 re-opened for business in a newly constructed, free-standing building on the adjacent property located at 7990 Dave Road Extension,
Hollywood, Florida (Store #19P). 

Insurance Premiums 

 Subsequent to the end of our fiscal
year 2022, for the policy year commencing December 30, 2022, we bound coverage on the following property, general liability, excess liability
and terrorist policies with premiums totaling approximately 3.281 million, which property, general liability, excess liability and terrorist
insurance includes coverage for our franchises (which is 658,000), which are not included in our consolidated financial statements: 

(i) For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2022, our general liability insurance, excluding limited partnerships, is a one (1) year policy
with our insurance carriers. The one (1) year general liability insurance premium is in the amount of 512,000; 

(ii) For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2022, our general liability insurance for our limited partnerships is a one (1) year policy with
our insurance carriers. The one (1) year general liability insurance premium is in the amount of 672,000; 

(iii) For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2022, our automobile insurance is a one (1) year policy. The one (1) year automobile insurance
premium is in the amount of 190,000; 

(iv) For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2022, our property insurance is a one (1) year policy. The one (1) year property insurance premium
is in the amount of 1,248,000; 

(v) For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2022, our excess liability insurance is a one (1) year policy. The one (1) year excess liability
insurance premium is in the amount of 634,000; 

(vi) 
For the policy year beginning December 30, 2022, our terrorist insurance is a one (1) year policy. The one (1) year terrorist insurance
premium is in the amount of 14,000; and 

(vii) For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2022, our equipment breakdown insurance is a one (1) year policy. The one (1) year equipment breakdown
insurance premium is in the amount of 11,000. 

Of the 3,281,000 annual premium
amounts, which includes coverage for our franchises which are not included in our consolidated financial statements, we paid the annual
premium amounts in full with no financing due to high interest rates. 

Payoff of Term Loan 

 Subsequent to the end of our fiscal
year 2022, we satisfied the principal balance and all accrued interest due on our 5.5 million term loan to our unrelated lender. The
outstanding principal balance 367,000) and accrued interest -0-) was paid in full on December 28, 2022. 

Subsequent events have been evaluated
through the date these consolidated financial statements were issued and except as disclosed herein, no other events required disclosure. 

38 

 Table of Contents 

ITEM 3. 
 LEGAL PROCEEDINGS 

From time
to time, we are a defendant in litigation arising in the ordinary course of our business, including claims resulting from slip
and fall accidents, dram shop claims, claims under federal and state laws governing access to public accommodations, employment-related
claims and claims from guests alleging illness, injury or other food quality, health or operational concerns. To date, none of this litigation,
some of which is covered by insurance, has had a material effect on us. 

ITEM 4. 
 MINE SAFETY DISCLOSURES . 

Not applicable. 

PART II 

ITEM 5. 
 MARKET FOR REGISTRANT'S COMMON EQUITY, RELATED STOCKHOLDER MATTERS AND ISSUER PURCHASES
 OF EQUITY SECURITIES. 

Our common stock is traded on
the NYSE AMERICAN under the symbol BDL . 

Holders 

As of the close of business on
December 8, 2022, there were approximately 159 holders of record of our common stock. 

Dividend Policy 

During our fiscal year 2022, our
Board of Directors declared a cash dividend of 1.00 per share to shareholders of record on March 31, 2022 and paid on April 19, 2022.
During our fiscal year 2021, we did not declare or pay a cash dividend on our capital stock. Any future determination to pay cash dividends
will be at our Board s discretion and will depend upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements and such
other factors as our Board deems relevant. 

Issuer Repurchases of Equity
Securities 

Pursuant to a discretionary plan
approved by the Board of Directors at its meeting on May 17, 2007, the Board of Directors authorized management to purchase up to 100,000
shares of our common stock, at a purchase price up to 15.00 per share. Since the Board s 2007 authorization, we have purchased
an aggregate of 34,586 shares, none of which were purchased by us in our fiscal year 2022. As of October 1, 2022, we still have authority
to purchase 65,414 shares of our common stock under the discretionary plan approved by the Board of Directors. 

ITEM 6. 
 RESERVED 

ITEM 7. 
 MANAGEMENT'S DISCUSSION AND ANALYSIS OF FINANCIAL CONDITION AND RESULTS OF OPERATIONS. 

Except for the historical information
contained herein, the following discussion contains forward-looking statements that are subject to known and unknown risks, uncertainties
and other factors that may cause our actual results to differ materially from those expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements.
We discuss such risks, uncertainties and other factors throughout this report and specifically under the captions Risk Factors .
In addition, the following discussion and analysis should be read in conjunction with the 2022 and 2021 Consolidated Financial Statements
and the related Notes to Consolidated Financial Statements included elsewhere in this report. 

39 

 Table of Contents 

OVERVIEW 

 Financial Information
Concerning Industry Segments 

 Our business is conducted principally
in two segments: the restaurant segment and the package liquor store segment. Financial information broken into these two principal industry
segments for the two fiscal years ended October 1, 2022 and October 2, 2021 is set forth in the Consolidated Financial Statements which
are attached hereto. 

General 

As of October 1, 2022, we (i)
operated 30 units, consisting of restaurants, sports bar, package liquor stores and combination restaurants/package liquor stores that
we either own or have operational control over and partial ownership in; and (ii) franchises an additional five units, consisting of two
restaurants (one of which we operate) and three combination restaurants/package liquor stores. An additional limited partnership owned
restaurant located at 11225 Miramar Parkway #250, Miramar, Florida (Store #25) is expected to open for business in February, 2023. 

Franchised
Units . In exchange for our providing management and related services to our franchisees and granting them the right to use our
service marks "Flanigan's Seafood Bar and Grill" and "Big Daddy's Liquors", our franchisees (four of which are franchised to members of
the family of our Chairman of the Board, officers and/or directors), are required to (i) pay to us a royalty equal to 1 of gross package
liquor sales and 3 of gross restaurant sales; and (ii) make advertising expenditures equal to between 1.5 to 3 of all gross sales based
upon our actual advertising costs allocated between stores, pro-rata, based upon gross sales. 

Affiliated
Limited Partnership Owned Units . We manage and control the operations of the ten restaurants owned by limited partnerships, except
the Fort Lauderdale, Florida restaurant which is managed and controlled by a related franchisee. Accordingly, the results of operations
of all limited partnership owned restaurants, except the Fort Lauderdale, Florida restaurant are consolidated with our results of operations
for accounting purposes. The results of operations of the Fort Lauderdale, Florida restaurant are accounted for by us utilizing the equity
method. 

RESULTS OF OPERATIONS 

REVENUES (in thousands): 

52 Weeks Ended 

52 Weeks Ended 

October 1, 2022 

October 2, 2021 

Amount 
 (In thousands) 

Percent 

Amount 
 (In thousands) 

Percent 

Restaurant food sales 

97,429 

62.7 

84,466 

62.7 

Restaurant bar sales 

26,198 

16.9 

20,832 

15.5 

Package store sales 

31,692 

20.4 

29,304 

21.8 

Total Sales 

155,319 

100.00 

134,602 

100.00 

Franchise related revenues 

1,826 

1,673 

Rental income 

814 

770 

Other operating income 

173 

262 

Total Revenue 

158,132 

137,307 

40 

 Table of Contents 

Comparison of Fiscal Years Ended October 1, 2022 and October
2, 2021 

 Revenues. 
Total revenue for our fiscal year 2022 increased 20,825,000 or 15.17 to 158,132,000 from 137,307,000 for our fiscal year 2021 due
primarily to increased package liquor store and restaurant sales, increased menu prices, revenue generated from the opening of our limited
partnership owned restaurant in Sunrise, Florida, (Store #85) in March 2022 and the comparatively less adverse effects of COVID-19 on
our operations during our fiscal year 2022 as compared with our fiscal year 2021. Effective October 3, 2021 and then effective December
19, 2021 we increased menu prices for our food offerings to target an increase to our food revenues of approximately 2.38 and 3.34 annually,
respectively, to offset higher food costs and higher overall expenses and effective December 12, 2021 we increased menu prices for our
bar offerings to target an increase to our bar revenues of approximately 7.80 annually, (collectively the Recent Price Increases ).
Prior to these increases, we previously raised menu prices in the third quarter of our fiscal year 2021. 

Restaurant Food Sales . 
Restaurant revenue generated from the sale of food, including non-alcoholic beverages, at restaurants totaled 97,429,000 for our fiscal
year 2022 as compared to 84,466,000 for our fiscal year 2021. The increase in restaurant food sales for our fiscal year 2022 as compared
to restaurant food sales during our fiscal year 2021 is attributable to the Recent Price Increases, restaurant food sales generated from
the opening of our limited partnership owned restaurant in Sunrise, Florida, (Store #85) in March 2022, the opening of Brendan s
Sports Pub (Store #30) in June, 2022 and the comparatively greater adverse effects of COVID-19 on our operations during our fiscal year
2021 as compared with our fiscal year 2022. Comparable weekly restaurant food sales (for restaurants open for all of our fiscal years
2022 and 2021 respectively, which consists of nine restaurants owned by us and eight restaurants owned by affiliated limited partnerships,
(excluding our Sunrise, Florida location, (Store #85), and Brendan s Sports Pub, (Store #30), both of which opened for business
during the second quarter of our fiscal year 2022) was 1,798,000 and 1,610,000 for our fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, an
increase of 11.68 . Comparable weekly restaurant food sales for Company owned restaurants only was 886,000 and 797,000 for our fiscal
years 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 11.17 . Comparable weekly restaurant food sales for affiliated limited partnership owned
restaurants only, (excluding Store #85 which opened for business during the second quarter of our fiscal year 2022), was 912,000 and
 813,000 for our fiscal years 2022 and 2021 respectively, an increase of 12.18 . We expect that restaurant food sales, including non-alcoholic
beverages, for our fiscal year 2023 will increase due to increased restaurant traffic and the opening for business of the 2023 Miramar
Restaurant during our fiscal year 2023. 

Restaurant Bar Sales . 
Restaurant revenue generated from the sale of alcoholic beverages at restaurants totaled 26,198,000 for our fiscal year 2022 as compared
to 20,832,000 for our fiscal year 2021. The increase in restaurant bar sales during our fiscal year 2022 is primarily due to the Recent
Price Increases, restaurant bar sales generated from the opening of our limited partnership owned restaurant in Sunrise, Florida, (Store
#85) in March 2022, the opening of Brendan s Sports Pub (Store #30) in June, 2022 and the comparatively more adverse effects of
COVID-19 on our operations during our fiscal year 2021 as compared with our fiscal year 2022. Comparable weekly restaurant bar sales (for
restaurants open for all of our fiscal years 2022 and 2021 respectively, which consists of nine restaurants owned by us and eight restaurants
owned by affiliated limited partnerships, (excluding our Sunrise, Florida location (Store #85) and Brendan s Sports Pub (Store #30)
both of which opened for business during the second quarter of our fiscal year 2022) was 487,000 for our fiscal year 2022 and 401,000
for our fiscal year 2021, an increase of 21.45 . Comparable weekly restaurant bar sales for Company owned restaurants only was 211,000
and 172,000 for our fiscal years 2022 and 2021, respectively, an increase of 22.67 . Comparable weekly restaurant bar sales for affiliated
limited partnership owned restaurants only was 276,000 and 229,000 for our fiscal years 2022 and 2021 respectively, an increase of 20.05 .
We expect that restaurant bar sales for our fiscal year 2023 will increase due to increased restaurant traffic and the opening for business
of the 2023 Miramar Restaurant during our fiscal year 2023. 

41 

 Table of Contents 

Package
Liquor Store Sales . Revenue generated from sales of liquor and related items at package liquor stores totaled 31,692,000 for
our fiscal year 2022 as compared to 29,304,000 for our fiscal year 2021, an increase of 2,388,000. This increase was primarily due to
increased package liquor store traffic due to what appears to be continued increased demand for package liquor store products resulting
from the COVID-19 pandemic. The weekly average of same store package liquor store sales, which includes nine (9) Company-owned package
liquor stores, (excluding Store #19, which was closed for our fiscal years 2022 and 2021 due to a fire on October 2, 2018 but re-opened
subsequent to our fiscal year ended October 1, 2022 ), was 609,000 and 564,000 for our fiscal years 2022
and 2021 respectively, an increase of 7.98 . We expect that package liquor store sales for our fiscal year 2023 will increase due to increased
package liquor store traffic and the opening of the package liquor stores located at 7990 Davie Road Extension, Hollywood, Florida (Store
#19P) which opened for business subsequent to our fiscal year end 2023 and 11225 Miramar Parkway, Miramar, Florida (Store #24)
which we anticipate will open for business during our fiscal year 2023. 

Operating Costs and Expenses . Operating
costs and expenses, (consisting of cost of merchandise sold, payroll and related costs, occupancy costs and selling, general and administrative
expenses), for our fiscal year 2022 increased 22,546,000 or 17.52 to 151,202,000 from 128,657,000 for our fiscal year 2021. The increase
was primarily due to increased payroll and an expected general increase in food costs, costs and expenses incurred from the opening of
our limited partnership owned restaurant in Sunrise, Florida, (Store #85) in March 2022, Brendan s Sports Pub (Store #30) in June,
2022, pre-opening expenses from our limited partnership owned restaurant in Miramar, Florida (Store # 25) and pre-opening expenses from
our package liquor store in Miramar, Florida, (Store #24), partially offset by actions taken by management to reduce and/or control costs.
We anticipate that our operating costs and expenses will continue to increase through our fiscal year 2023. Operating costs and expenses
increased as a percentage of total revenue to approximately 95.62 in our fiscal year 2022 from 93.70 in fiscal year 2021. 

 Gross Profit .
Gross profit is calculated by subtracting the cost of merchandise sold from sales. 

 Restaurant Food and Bar Sales .
Gross profit for food and bar sales for our fiscal year 2022 increased to 79,072,000 from 69,325,000 for our fiscal year 2021. Our gross
profit margin for restaurant food and bar sales (calculated as gross profit reflected as a percentage of restaurant food and bar sales),
was 63.96 for our fiscal year 2022 and 65.84 for our fiscal year 2021. Gross profit margin for restaurant food and bar sales decreased
during our fiscal year 2022 when compared to our fiscal year 2021 due to higher food costs, partially offset by, among other things, the
Recent Price Increases which did not fully absorb increased costs of restaurant food and bar sales. 

 Package Liquor Store
Sales . Gross profit for package store sales for our fiscal year 2022 increased to 8,382,000 from 6,956,000 for our fiscal year
2021. Our gross profit margin, (calculated as gross profit reflected as a percentage of package liquor store sales), for package store
sales was 26.45 for our fiscal year 2022 and 23.74 for our fiscal year 2021. We anticipate that the gross profit margin for package
liquor store merchandise will decrease during our fiscal year 2023 due to higher costs and a reduction in pricing of certain package store
merchandise to be more competitive. 

42 

 Table of Contents 

Payroll and Related
Costs . Payroll and related costs for our fiscal year 2022 increased 6,271,000 or 14.43 to 49,736,000 from 43,465,000 for our
fiscal year 2021. Payroll and related costs for our fiscal year 2022 were higher due primarily to the opening of our limited partnership
owned restaurant in Sunrise, Florida, (Store #85) in March 2022, Brendan s Sports Pub (Store #30) in June, 2022 and higher costs
for employees such as cooks. Payroll and related costs as a percentage of total revenue was 31.45 for our fiscal year 2022 and 31.66 
of total revenue for our fiscal year 2021. 

 Occupancy Costs .
Occupancy costs (consisting of percentage rent, common area maintenance, repairs, real property taxes, amortization of leasehold purchases
and rent expense associated with operating lease liabilities under ASC 842) for our fiscal year 2022 increased 436,000 or 6.61 to 7,031,000
from 6,595,000 for our fiscal year 2021. The increase in occupancy costs was primarily due to the commencement of rent for our retail
package liquor store which we are developing located at 11225 Miramar Parkway, #245, Miramar, Florida (Store #24) and our restaurant location
which we are developing located at 11225 Miramar Parkway, #250, Miramar, Florida (Store #25) during the second quarter of our fiscal year
2022, both of which we anticipate will open during our fiscal year 2023 and Brendan s Sports Pub (Store #30) which we acquired and
opened for business in June, 2022. 

Selling, General and Administrative
Expenses . Selling, general and administrative expenses (consisting of general corporate expenses, including but not limited to
advertising, insurance, professional costs, clerical and administrative overhead) for our fiscal year 2022 increased 6,296,000 or 31.05 
to 26,571,000 from 20,275,000 for our fiscal year 2021. Selling, general and administrative expenses increased as a percentage of total
revenue in our fiscal year 2022 to 16.80 as compared to 14.77 in our fiscal year 2021, due primarily to increases in expenses across
all categories. We anticipate that our selling, general and administrative expenses as a percentage of total revenue will increase during
our fiscal year 2023 due primarily to increases across all categories. 

Depreciation and
Amortization. Depreciation and amortization expense for our fiscal year 2022, which is included in selling, general and administrative
expenses, decreased 51,000 or 1.67 to 3,012,000 from 3,063,000 from our fiscal year 2021. As a percentage of total revenue, depreciation
and amortization expense was 1.90 of revenue for our fiscal year 2022 and 2.23 of revenue for our fiscal year 2021. 

 Interest Expense, Net .
Interest expense, net, for our fiscal year 2022 decreased 181,000 to 757,000 from 938,000 for our fiscal year 2021. Interest expense,
net, decreased for our fiscal year 2022 due to the forgiveness of principal and all accrued interest on the borrowing by certain of our
limited partnerships of an additional 3.35 million of 2 nd PPP Loans during the first quarter of our fiscal year 2022, partially
offset by interest on our borrowing of 4,300,000 during the third quarter of our fiscal year 2021 from an unrelated third party lender
to re-finance our mortgage loan of our property located at 13105 13205 Biscayne Boulevard, North Miami, Florida (Store #20). Interest
expense, net, will increase for our fiscal year 2023 due to interest on our borrowing of 8,900,000 during the fourth quarter of our fiscal
year 2022 from an unrelated third party lender to re-finance the mortgage loan on our property located at 4 N. Federal Highway, Hallandale
Beach, Florida (Store #31). 

Income Taxes. 
Income tax for our fiscal year 2022 was an expense of 763,000, as compared to an expense of 1,185,000 for our fiscal year 2021. Income
taxes as a percentage of income before provision for income taxes increased for our fiscal year 2022 (7.78 as compared to our fiscal
year 2021 (6.60 due primarily to the higher income attributable to the forgiveness of debt of certain of our PPP Loans during our fiscal
year 2021. 

 Net Income. Net
income for our fiscal year 2022 decreased 7,716,000 or 46.02 to 9,049,000 from 16,765,000 for our fiscal year 2021 due primarily to
the higher income attributable to the forgiveness of debt of certain of our PPP Loans during our fiscal year 2021 and higher food costs
and overall increased expenses during our fiscal year 2022, partially offset by increased revenue at our restaurants during our fiscal
year 2022 and the Recent Price Increases. As a percentage of revenue, net income for our fiscal year 2022 is 5.72 , as compared to 12.21 
for our fiscal year 2021. 

43 

 Table of Contents 

Net Income Attributable
to Flanigan s Enterprise, Inc. Stockholders. Net income attributable to stockholders for our fiscal year 2022 decreased
 5,472,000 or 46.44 to 6,312,000 from 11,784,000 for our fiscal year 2021 due primarily to the higher income attributable to noncontrolling
interests as all income attributable to the forgiveness of debt of certain of our PPP Loans during our fiscal year 2021, higher net income
attributable to noncontrolling interests as all income attributable to the forgiveness of debt of certain of our PPP Loans was attributed
to our limited partnerships and higher food costs and overall increased expenses during our fiscal year 2022, partially offset by increased
revenue at our restaurants during our fiscal year 2022 and the Recent Price Increases. As a percentage of revenue, net income attributable
to stockholders for our fiscal year 2022 is 3.99 , as compared to 8.58 for our fiscal year 2021. 

New Limited Partnership
Restaurants 

 As new restaurants open, our income
from operations will be adversely affected due to our obligation to advance pre-opening costs, including but not limited to pre-opening
rent for the new locations. During our fiscal year 2022, we opened one new restaurant location in Sunrise, Florida for business as a new
 Flanigan s and had a second new restaurant location in Miramar, Florida in the development stage, to house a new Flanigan s .
Rent for the new restaurant location in Miramar, Florida commenced during our fiscal year 2022. 

Menu
Price Increases and Trends 

 During our fiscal year 2022, we
increased menu prices for our food offerings (effective October 3, 2021 and December 19, 2021, respectively) to target an aggregate increase
to our food revenues of approximately 8.83 annually and we increased menu prices for our bar offerings (effective December 12, 2021)
to target an increase to our bar revenues of approximately 7.80 annually to offset higher food and liquor costs and higher overall expenses.
Prior to these increases, we previously raised menu prices in the third quarter of our fiscal year 2021. 

COVID-19 has and will continue
to materially and adversely affect our restaurant business for what may be a prolonged period of time. This damage and disruption has
resulted from events and factors that were impossible for us to predict and are beyond our control. As a result, COVID-19 has materially
adversely affected our results of operations for our fiscal year 2022 and will, in all likelihood, impact our results of operations, liquidity
and/or financial condition throughout our fiscal year 2023. The extent to which our restaurant business may be adversely impacted and
its effect on our operations, liquidity and/or financial condition cannot be accurately predicted. 

 LIQUIDITY AND CAPITAL
RESOURCES 

 We fund our operations through
cash from operations and borrowings from third parties. As of October 1, 2022, we had cash of approximately 42,138,000, an increase of
 9,462,000 from our cash balance of 32,676,000 as of October 2, 2021. During our fiscal year 2022, we generated proceeds from the closing
of the sale, in a private offering of limited partnership interests in (i) CIC Investors #85, Ltd., the limited partnership which owns
and operates the 2022 Sunrise Restaurant, of 5,000,000, of which we purchased 370,000 of limited partnership interests; and (ii) CIC
Investors #25, Ltd., the limited partnership which owns and is developing the Flanigan s restaurant located at 11225
Miramar Parkway, Suite 250, Miramar, Florida 33025 of 4,000,000. We also generated net proceeds of 7.88 million from the re-finance
of our mortgage loan encumbering the real property and improvements located at 4 N. Federal Highway, Hallandale Beach, Florida where our
Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill restaurant and Big Daddy s Liquors retail package liquor store operate (Store #31) with an
unrelated third-party lender, increasing the principal amount we borrowed to 8.90 million (the Hallandale Mortgage Debt ).
During our fiscal year 2022, we requested and received a loan advance of 697,000 from an entity managed by a member of our Board of Directors
and who is also our Chief Financial Officer, which entity currently holds a first priority mortgage note on our real property and improvements
where our restaurant located at 2600 West Davie Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, Florida operates (the West Davie Mortgage Note ),
which loan advance increased the principal amount we borrowed to 1.1 million (the West Davie Mortgage Debt ). 

44 

 Table of Contents 

During the
second quarter of our fiscal year 2021, certain of the entities owning the limited partnership stores (the LP s ),
as well as the store we manage but do not own (the Managed Store (collectively, the Borrowers ), applied for
and received loans from an unrelated third party lender (the Lender pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under the Coronavirus Aid, Relief, and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act enacted March 27, 2020, in the aggregate principal
amount of approximately 3.98 million (the 2 nd PPP Loans ), of which approximately: (i) 3.46 million was loaned
to six (6) of the LP and (ii) 0.52 million was loaned to the Managed Store. During first quarter of our fiscal year 2022, we
applied for forgiveness for all PPP Loans, including the Managed Store, and as of October 1, 2022, the entire amount of principal and
accrued interest was forgiven under the 2 nd PPP Loans. During the third quarter of our fiscal year 2021, we generated net proceeds
of 2.8 million from the re-finance of our mortgage loan encumbering the real property and improvements located at 13105 13205
Biscayne Boulevard, North Miami, Florida where our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill restaurant and Big Daddy s Liquors retail
package liquor store operate (Store #20) with an unrelated third-party lender, increasing the principal amount borrowed from 1.5 million
to 4.3 million. During the fourth quarter of our fiscal year 2022 we closed on the purchase of a 4 COP Quota Liquor License for Broward
County for 446,000. This 4 COP Quota Liquor license will be used at our package liquor store located at 11225 Miramar Parkway #245, Miramar,
Florida (Store #24), which is currently under development. During the third quarter of our fiscal year 2022, we closed on the purchase
of the assets of the business known as Brendan s Sports Pub located at 868 South Federal Highway, Pompano Beach, Florida
for a purchase price of 75,000. During the second quarter of our fiscal year 2021, we closed on the purchase of the real property and
improvements located at 14301 West Sunrise Boulevard, Sunrise, Florida for 4,800,000 where our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and
Grill restaurant (Store #85) operates. We financed this acquisition with a loan from an unrelated third-party lender in the principal
amount of 2.2 million and paid cash for the balance. During the first quarter of our fiscal year 2021, we closed on the purchase of the
real property and improvements located at 5450 N. State Road 7, North Lauderdale, Florida where we operate a combination Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill restaurant and Big Daddy s Liquors package liquor store (Store #40) and paid 1,200,000
cash at closing. 

 The primary
inflationary factors affecting our operations are food, beverage and labor costs. Supply chain issues also contribute to inflation. Inflation,
including supply chain issues are having a material impact on our operating results, especially rising food, fuel and labor costs. 

 Notwithstanding
the negative effects of COVID 19 and inflation, including supply chain issues on our operations, we believe that our current cash availability
from our cash on hand, positive cash flow from operations and borrowed funds will be sufficient to fund our operations and planned capital
expenditures for at least the next twelve months. 

 Any future determination to pay
cash dividends will be at our Board s discretion and will depend upon our financial condition, operating results, capital requirements
and such other factors as our Board deems relevant. There can be no assurances that any future dividends will be paid. 

CASH FLOWS 

 The following table is a summary of our cash flows for our fiscal
years 2022 and 2021. 

45 

 Table of Contents 

---------Fiscal Years -------- 

2022 

2021 

(in thousands) 

Net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities 

10,502 

14,016 

Net cash used in investing activities 

(9,542) 

(11,556) 
 
 Net cash provided by financing activities 

8,502 

294 

Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

9,462 

2,754 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning 

32,676 

29,922 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Ending 

42,138 

32,676 

Capital Expenditures 

In addition to using cash for
our operating expenses, we use cash to fund the development and construction of new restaurants and to fund capitalized property improvements
for our existing restaurants. During our fiscal year 2022, we acquired property and equipment of 12,655,000, (of which 3,849,000 was
for construction in progress; 3,258,000 construction in progress transferred to property and equipment; 969,000 construction in progress
in accounts payable; 50,000 was deposits recorded in other assets; and 512,000 was deposits transferred to construction in progress
as of October 2, 2021), which amount included 937,000 for renovations to three (3) existing limited partnership restaurants and 159,000
for renovations to two (2) Company-owned restaurants. During our fiscal year 2021, we acquired property and equipment of 13,255,000,
(of which 58,000 was for the purchase of a motor vehicle; 3,229,000 was for the purchase of real property; 4,416,000 was for construction
in progress; 14,000 was deposits recorded in other assets; and 48,000 was deposits transferred to construction in progress as of October
3, 2020), which amount included 464,000 for renovations to two (2) existing limited partnership restaurants and 440,000 for renovations
to five (5) Company-owned restaurants. We anticipate the cost of this refurbishment in our fiscal year 2023 will be approximately 650,000,
excluding construction/renovations to Store #19R (our restaurant which is being rebuilt due to damages caused by a fire) and Store #24
(our Miramar, Florida package store location in development), although capital expenditures for our refurbishing program for our fiscal
year 2023 may be significantly higher. 

Debt 

As of October 1, 2022, we had long
term debt of 25,389,000, as compared to 22,115,000 as of October 2, 2021. Our long term debt increased as of October 1, 2022 as compared
to October 2, 2021 due (i) to an approximately 8.0 million increase in the amount we borrowed under the Hallandale Mortgage Debt; (ii)
to a 403,000 increase in the amounts we borrowed to finance certain insurance premiums; and (iii) to a 697,000 increase in the amount
we borrowed under the West Davie Mortgage Debt less any payments on account thereof, partially offset by the forgiveness of all principal
and accrued interest of the 2 nd PPP Loans. As of October 1, 2022, we are in compliance with the covenants of all loans with
our lender. (See Item 7A. Quantitative and Qualitative Disclosures About Market Risk for a discussion of interest rate swap agreements
that we used to fix interest rate fluctuations on certain of our borrowings on page 52.) 

We repaid long term debt,
including auto loans, financed insurance premiums and mortgages in the amount of 3,736,000 and 4,100,000 in our fiscal years 2022 and
2021, respectively. 

 (a) Advance on Existing Mortgage Loan 
 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 

46 

 Table of Contents 

During our fiscal year 2022, we
requested and received a loan advance of 697,000 from an entity controlled by a member of our Board of Directors, which entity currently
holds a first priority mortgage note on our real property and improvements where our restaurant located at 2600 West Davie Boulevard,
Fort Lauderdale, Florida operates (the West Davie Mortgage Note ). Including the 697,000 advance, the principal amount outstanding
amount owed under the West Davie Mortgage Note as of October 1, 2022 is 1,100,000. The West Davie Mortgage Note accrues interest at 6 
annually, (increased from 5 annually), is amortizable over 15 years with monthly installments of principal and interest of approximately
 9,300 required to be made and a final balloon payment of approximately 487,000 required to be made August 1, 2032. 

(b) Re-Finance of Mortgage on Real Property
 Hallandale Beach, Florida 

During our fiscal year 2022, we
re-financed our mortgage debt with our non-affiliated third-party lender secured by our real property located at 4 N. Federal Highway,
Hallandale, Florida where our combination package liquor store and restaurant (Store #31) operates and borrowed an additional 8,012,000
raising the principal balance to 8,900,000, (the 8.90M Mortgage ). The 8.90M Mortgage bears interest at a variable rate
equal to the BSBY Screen Rate 1 Month plus 1.50 . We entered into an interest rate swap agreement to hedge the interest rate risk,
which fixed the interest rate on the 8.90M Mortgage at 4.90 per annum throughout its term. The 8.90M Mortgage is fully amortized over
fifteen (15) years, with our monthly payment of principal and interest totaling 33,000. 

(c Financed Insurance Premiums 

During our fiscal year 2022, we
financed the premiums on the following property, general liability, excess liability and terrorist policies, totaling approximately 2.54
million, which property, general liability, excess liability and terrorist insurance includes coverage for our franchises which are not
included in our consolidated financial statements: 

(i) For the
policy year beginning December 30, 2021, our general liability insurance, excluding limited partnerships, is a one (1) year policy with
our insurance carriers. The one (1) year general liability insurance premium is in the amount of 467,000; 

(ii) For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2021, our general liability insurance for our limited partnerships is a one (1) year policy with
our insurance carriers. The one (1) year general liability insurance premium is in the amount of 589,000; 

(iii) For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2021, our automobile insurance is a one (1) year policy. The one (1) year automobile insurance
premium is in the amount of 194,000; 

(iv) For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2021, our property insurance is a one (1) year policy. The one (1) year property insurance premium
is in the amount of 700,000; 

(v) For the
policy year beginning December 30, 2021, our excess liability insurance are two (2) one (1) year policies. The aggregate one (1) year
excess liability insurance premiums are in the amount of 576,000; 

(vi) For
the policy year beginning December 30, 2021, our terrorist insurance is a one (1) year policy. The one (1) year terrorist insurance premium
is in the amount of 8,900; and 

(vii) For the policy year beginning December 30, 2021,
our equipment breakdown insurance is a one (1) year policy. The one (1) year equipment breakdown insurance premium is in the amount of
 6,800. 

47 

 Table of Contents 

Of the 2,542,000 annual premium
amounts, which includes coverage for our franchises which are not included in our consolidated financial statements, we financed 2,328,000
through an unaffiliated third party lender. The finance agreement obligates us to repay the amounts financed together with interest at
the rate of 2.55 per annum, over 11 months, with monthly payments of principal and interest of 215,000. The finance agreement is secured
by a first priority security interest in all insurance policies, all unearned premium, return premiums, dividend payments and loss payments
thereof. 

As of October 1, 2022, the aggregate
principal balance owed from the financing of our property and general liability insurance policies, excluding coverage for our franchises,
(of approximately 136,000), which are not included in our consolidated financial statements is 507,000. 

Construction Contracts 

(a) 7990 Davie Road Extension, Hollywood, Florida
(Store #19 Big Daddy s Wine Liquors 

During the third quarter of our
fiscal year 2019, we entered into an agreement with a third party unaffiliated general contractor for site work at this location totaling
 1,618,000, (i) to connect the real property where this restaurant operated (Store #19) to city sewer and (ii) to construct a new building
on the adjacent parcel of real property for the operation of a package liquor store. During our fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022, we agreed
to change orders to the agreement for additional construction services increasing the total contract price by 624,000 to 2,242,000,
of which 1,951,000 has been paid through October 1, 2022 and -0- has been paid subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022 through
the date of filing of this annual report. 

(b) 2505 N. University Drive, Hollywood, Florida
(Store #19 Flanigan s 

 During the
third quarter of our fiscal year 2019, we entered into an agreement with an unaffiliated third party architect for design and development
services totaling 77,000 for the re-build of our restaurant located at 2505 N. University Drive, Hollywood, Florida (Store #19), which
has been closed since October 2, 2018 due to damages caused by a fire, of which 62,000 has been paid. During the first quarter of our
fiscal year 2022, we entered into an agreement with a third party unaffiliated general contractor to re-build our restaurant at this location
for 2,515,000, of which 226,000 has been paid through October 1, 2022 and 75,000 has been paid subsequent to the end of our fiscal
year 2022 through the date of filing of this annual report. 

 (c) 14301 W. Sunrise Boulevard, Sunrise, Florida
(Store #85 Flanigan s 

During the third quarter of our
fiscal year 2019, we entered into an agreement with an unaffiliated third party design group for design and development services of our
new location at 14301 W. Sunrise Boulevard, Sunrise, Florida 33323 (Store #85) for a total contract price of 122,000. During our fiscal
year 2020, we agreed upon amendments to the 122,000 Contract for additional design and development services which had the effect of increasing
the total contract price by 18,000 to 140,000, of which 131,000 has been paid through October 1, 2022. Additionally, during the fourth
quarter of our fiscal year 2020, we entered into an agreement with a third party unaffiliated general contractor for interior renovations
at this location totaling 1,236,000 and through our fiscal year 2022 we agreed to change orders to the agreement for additional interior
renovations increasing the total contract price by 215,000 to 1,451,000, which has been paid in full by the end of our fiscal year 2022.
During the second quarter of our fiscal year 2022, we entered into an agreement with a third party unaffiliated general contractor for
exterior renovations at this location totaling 343,000 and through our fiscal year 2022 we agreed to change orders to the agreement for
additional interior renovations increasing the total contract price by 61,000 to 404,000, of which 353,000 has been paid through October
1, 2022 and -0- has been paid subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022 through the date of filing of this annual report. 

48 

 Table of Contents 

(d) 11225 Miramar Parkway, #250, Miramar, Florida
(Store #25 - Flanigan s 

During the second quarter of our
fiscal year 2022, we entered into an agreement with a third party unaffiliated general contractor for interior renovations at this location
totaling 1,421,000, and through our fiscal year 2022 we agreed to change orders to the agreement increasing the total contract price
by 128,000 to 1,549,000 of which 932,000 has been paid through October 1, 2022 and 226,000, has been paid subsequent to the end of
our fiscal year 2022 through the date of filing of this annual report. 

(e) 11225 Miramar Parkway, #245, Miramar, Florida Big Daddy s Wine and Liquors 

During the first quarter
of our fiscal year 2022, we entered into an agreement with a third party unaffiliated general contractor for interior renovations at this
location totaling 317,000, and through our fiscal year 2022 we agreed to change orders to the agreement increasing the total contract
price by 45,000 to 362,000 of which 316,000 has been paid through October 1, 2022 and -0- has been paid subsequent to the end of our
fiscal year 2022 through the date of filing of this annual report. 

Purchase Commitments/Supply 

In order to fix the cost and ensure
adequate supply of baby back ribs for our restaurants for calendar years 2022 and 2023, we entered into purchase agreements with our current
rib supplier, whereby we agreed to purchase approximately 10.4 million and 6.8 million of 2.25 Down Baby Back Ribs 
(industry jargon for the weight range in which slabs of baby back ribs are sold) from this vendor during calendar years 2022 and 2023,
at prescribed costs, which we believe are competitive. The decrease in our cost of baby back ribs for calendar year 2023 as compared to
calendar year 2022 is due to a decrease in market price. 

While we anticipate purchasing
all of our rib supply from this vendor, we believe there are several other alternative vendors available, if needed. 

Flanigan s
Fish Company, LLC 

As of October 1, 2022, Flanigan s
Fish Company, LLC, a Florida limited liability company FFC supplies certain of the fish to all of our restaurants. Since
we hold the controlling interest of FFC, the balance sheet and operating results of this entity are consolidated into the accompanying
financial statements of the Company. Sales and purchases of fish are recognized in restaurant food sales and restaurant and lounges (cost
of merchandise sold), respectively, in the consolidated statements of income at the time of sale to the restaurant. In addition, the 49 
of FFC owned by the unrelated third party is recognized as a noncontrolling interest in our consolidated financial statements. 

Purchase of Limited Partnership
Interests 

During our fiscal year 2022 we
purchased 74 limited partnership units (7.4 limited partnership interest) in CIC Investors #85, Ltd. (Store #85). During our fiscal year
2021, we did not purchase any limited partnership interests. 

49 

 Table of Contents 

Working Capital 

The table below summarizes the current assets,
current liabilities, and working capital as of the end of our fiscal years 2022 and 2021. 

Item 
 
 Oct. 1, 2022 

Oct. 2, 2021 

(in Thousands) 

Current Assets 

50,893 

39,790 

Current Liabilities 

22,176 

20,223 

Working Capital 

28,717 

19,567 

Our working capital increased
as of October 1, 2022 from our working capital as of October 2, 2021 due to our increased borrowings resulting from the Hallandale Mortgage
Debt and the West Davie Mortgage Debt, significant portions of which we classified as long term liabilities as of October 1, 2022. 

While there can be no assurance
due to, among other things, unanticipated expenses or unanticipated decline in revenues, or both, especially in the current economic conditions,
we believe that our cash on hand, cash flow from operations and funds available from our borrowings will adequately fund operations, debt
reductions and planned capital expenditures throughout our fiscal year 2023. 

During our fiscal year 2023, we
plan to use certain funds on-hand, funds raised through our private offerings, borrowed funds and/or insurance proceeds to construct a
new building on the real property we own located at 2505 N. University Drive, Hollywood, Florida (Store #19 restaurant) where we plan
to re-build our Flanigan s restaurant; and (ii) for the cost of renovations to develop the Big Daddy s
Wine Liquors which we are currently developing at 11225 Miramar Parkway, #245, Miramar, Florida (Store #24). There can be
no assurances as to the timing for us to re-build the restaurant for Store #19 or to complete the renovations for the retail package liquor
store for our Store #24. 

Off-Balance
Sheet Arrangements 

We do not have off-balance sheet
arrangements. 

Recently
Adopted and Recently Issued Accounting Pronouncements 

Recently Adopted 

There are no accounting pronouncements
that we have recently adopted. 

Issued 

The FASB issued guidance, Reference
Rate Reform (Topic 848): Facilitation of the Effects of Reference Rate Reform on Financial Reporting, which provides optional expedient
and exceptions for applying generally accepted accounting principles to contracts, hedging relationships, and other transactions affected
by reference rate reform if certain criteria are met. In response to the concerns about structural risks of interbank offered rates IBORs and, particularly, the risk of cessation of the LIBOR, regulators in several jurisdictions around the world have undertaken reference
rate reform initiatives to identify alternative reference rates that are more observable or transaction based and less susceptible to
manipulation. This accounting standards update provides companies with optional guidance to ease the potential accounting burden associated
with transitioning away from reference rates that are expected to be discontinued. LIBOR rates will be published until June 30, 2023.
All principal and interest of the Term Loan was paid in full as of December 28, 2022, so the discontinuance of LIBOR rates will have no
impact on us. 

50 

 Table of Contents 

There are no recently issued accounting
pronouncements that we have not yet adopted that we believe will have a material effect on our financial statements. 

Critical Accounting Policies 

Our significant accounting policies
are more fully described in Note 1 to our consolidated financial statements located in Item 8 of this Annual Report on Form 10-K. The
preparation of financial statements in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America requires
management to make estimates and assumptions that affect the reported amounts of assets, liabilities, revenues, and expenses, and the
related disclosures of contingent assets and liabilities. Actual results could differ from those estimates under different assumptions
or conditions. We believe that the following critical accounting policies are subject to estimates and judgments used in the preparation
of our consolidated financial statements: 

Estimated Useful Lives of Property
and Equipment 

The estimates of useful lives
for property and equipment are significant estimates. Expenditures for the leasehold improvements and equipment when a restaurant is first
constructed are material. In addition, periodic refurbishing takes place and those expenditures can be material. We estimate the useful
life of those assets by considering, among other things, expected use, life of the lease on the building, and warranty period, if applicable.
The assets are then depreciated using a straight line method over those estimated lives. These estimated lives are reviewed periodically
and adjusted if necessary. Any necessary adjustment to depreciation expense is made in the income statement of the period in which the
adjustment is determined to be necessary. 

Consolidation
of Limited Partnerships 

As of October 1, 2022, we operate
ten (10) restaurants as general partner of the limited partnerships that own the operations of these restaurants. We expect that any expansion
which takes place in opening new restaurants will also result in us operating the restaurants as general partner. In addition to the general
partnership interest we also purchased limited partnership units ranging from 0 to 49 of the total units outstanding. As a result of
these controlling interests, we consolidate the operations of these limited partnerships with ours despite the fact that we do not own
in excess of 50 of the equity interests. All intercompany transactions are eliminated in consolidation. The non-controlling interests
in the earnings of these limited partnerships are removed from net income and are not included in the calculation of earnings per share. 

Income
Taxes 

We account for our income taxes
using FASB ASC Topic 740, Income Taxes , which requires among other things, recognition of future tax benefits measured
at enacted rates attributable to deductible temporary differences between financial statement and income tax basis of assets and liabilities
and tax credits to the extent that realization of said tax benefits is more likely than not. For discussion regarding our carryforwards
refer to Note 12 to the consolidated financial statements for our fiscal year 2022. 

Leases 

Effective September 29, 2019,
we adopted Accounting Standards Codification Topic 842, Leases ASC 842 ), which requires that lease arrangements be presented
on the lessee s balance sheet by recording a right-of-use asset and a lease liability equal to the present value of the related
future minimum lease payments. We adopted the standard in the first quarter of fiscal 2020, using the modified retrospective approach.
This standard had a material impact on our Consolidated Statements of Income due to the escalations of rent in the extensions but did
not have a material impact on the Consolidated Statement of Cash Flows. Estimates associated with leases include lease classification,
discount rate and lease term. 

Loyalty Programs 

We offer loyalty programs to customers
of our restaurants and package liquor stores. The gift cards distributed as a part of our loyalty programs have expiration dates and we
estimate breakage for such gift cards. 

51 

 Table of Contents 

Other Matters 

Impact of Inflation 

The primary inflationary factors affecting our
operations are food, beverage and labor costs. A large number of restaurant personnel are paid at rates based upon applicable minimum
wage and increases in minimum wage directly affect labor costs. Inflation is having a material impact on our operating results, especially
rising food, fuel and labor costs. 

ITEM 7A. 
 QUANTITATIVE AND QUALITATIVE DISCLOSURES ABOUT MARKET RISK 

As part of our ongoing operations,
we are exposed to interest rate fluctuations on our borrowings. As more fully described in Note 15 Fair Value Measurements of Financial
Instruments to the Consolidated Financial Statements included in Item 8. Financial Statements and Supplementary Data 
of this Annual Report on Form 10-K for our fiscal year ended October 1, 2022, we use interest rate swap agreements to manage these risks.
These instruments are not used for speculative purposes but are used to modify variable rate obligations into fixed rate obligations. 

At October 1, 2022, we had two
variable rate instruments outstanding that are impacted by changes in interest rates. The interest rate of the first variable rate debt
instrument is equal to the lender s LIBOR Rate plus two and one-quarter percent (2.25 per annum and the second variable rate debt
instrument is equal to the lender s BSBY Screen Rate plus one and one-half percent (1.50 per annum. The debt instrument further
provides that the LIBOR Rate is a rate of interest equal to the British Bankers Association LIBOR Rate or successor thereto
approved by the lender if the British Bankers Association is no longer making a LIBOR rate available and the BSBY Screen Rate is
a rate of interest equal to the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Interest Rate or successor thereto approved by the lender. In December
2016, we closed on a secured revolving line of credit which entitled us to borrow, from time to time through December 28, 2017, up to
 5,500,000 (the Credit Line ), which on December 28, 2017 converted to a term loan (the Term Loan ). Subsequent
to the end of our fiscal year 2022 (December 28, 2022), we paid the balance of the Term Loan in full. In September 2022, we refinanced
the mortgage loan encumbering the property where our combination package liquor store and restaurant located at 4 N. Federal Highway,
Hallandale Beach, Florida, (Store #31) operates, which mortgage loan is held by an unaffiliated third party lender (the 8.90M
Loan ). 

As a means of managing our interest
rate risk on these debt instruments, we entered into interest rate swap agreements with our unrelated third party lender to convert these
variable rate debt obligations to fixed rates. We are currently party to the following two (2) interest rate swap agreements: 

(i) 
The first interest rate swap agreement entered into in December 2016 and became effective December 28, 2017, relates to the Term Loan
(the Term Loan Swap ). The Term Loan Swap requires us to pay interest for a five (5) year period at a fixed rate of 4.61 
on an initial amortizing notional principal amount of 5,500,000, while receiving interest for the same period at LIBOR 1 Month,
plus 2.25 , on the same amortizing notional principal amount. We determined that at October 1, 2022, the interest rate swap agreement
is an effective hedging agreement and the fair value was not material. Subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022 (December 28, 2022)
we paid the balance of the Term Loan in full, which was the same date the swap agreement matured; and 

(ii) The
second interest rate swap agreement entered into in September 2022 relates to the 8.90M Loan (the 8.90M Term Loan Swap ).
The 8.90M Term Loan Swap requires us to pay interest for a fifteen (15) year period at a fixed rate of 4.90 on an initial amortizing
notional principal amount of 8,900,000, while receiving interest for the same period at BSBY Screen Rate 1 Month, plus 1.50 ,
on the same amortizing notional principal amount. We determined that at October 1, 2022, the interest rate swap agreement is an effective
hedging agreement and the fair value was not material. 

52 

 Table of Contents 

At October 1, 2022, our cash resources
offset our bank charges and any excess cash resources earn interest at variable rates. Accordingly, our return on these funds is affected
by fluctuations in interest rates. 

There is no assurance that interest
rates will increase or decrease over our next fiscal year or that an increase will not have a material adverse effect on our operations.

ITEM 8. 
 FINANCIAL STATEMENTS AND SUPPLEMENTARY DATA . 

Our Consolidated Financial Statements
are on pages F-1 through F-31. 

ITEM 9. 
 CHANGES IN AND DISAGREEMENTS WITH ACCOUNTANTS ON ACCOUNTING AND FINANCIAL DISCLOSURES.

None 

ITEM 9A. 
 CONTROLS AND PROCEDURES . 

Evaluation of Disclosure Controls
and Procedures 

We maintain disclosure controls
and procedures that are designed to ensure that information required to be disclosed in our reports filed with the U.S. Securities and
Exchange Commission (the SEC is recorded, processed, summarized and reported within the time periods specified in the SEC s
rules and forms, and that such information is accumulated and communicated to management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief
Financial Officer, as appropriate, to allow timely decisions regarding required disclosure. 

As of October 1, 2022, an evaluation
was performed under the supervision and with the participation of management, including our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial
Officer, of the effectiveness of the design and operation of our disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Rules 13a-15(e)
and 15d-15(e) to the Securities Exchange Act of 1934). Based on that evaluation, management, including our Chief Executive Officer and
Chief Financial Officer, concluded that our disclosure controls and procedures were effective as of October 1, 2022. 

Changes
in Internal Control Over Financial Reporting 

During the period covered by this
report, we have not made any change to our internal control over financial reporting that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely
to materially affect, our internal control over financial reporting. 

Management s
Assessment on Internal Control over Financial Reporting 

Our management is responsible
for establishing and maintaining adequate internal control over financial reporting. Management, including our Chief Executive Officer
and Chief Financial Officer, performed an evaluation of the effectiveness of the Company s internal control over financial reporting.
This evaluation was based on criteria established in Internal Control - Integrated Framework issued by the Committee of Sponsoring Organizations
of the Treadway Commission in 2013 COSO ). Based on that evaluation, our Chief Executive Officer and Chief Financial Officer
have concluded that as of October 1, 2022, our internal control over financial reporting was effective. 

Limitations
on the Effectiveness of Controls and Permitted Omission from Management s Assessment 

Our internal control over financial
reporting is designed to provide reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial
statements for external purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles. All internal control systems, no matter
how well designed, have inherent limitations, including the possibility of human error and the circumvention or overriding of controls.
Accordingly, even effective internal controls can only provide reasonable assurance with respect to financial statement preparation. Also,
projections of any evaluation of effectiveness to future periods are subject to the risk that controls may become inadequate because of
changes in conditions, or that the degree of compliance with the policies or procedures may deteriorate. 

53 

 Table of Contents 

This annual report does not include
an attestation report of our independent registered public accounting firm regarding internal control over financial reporting. Management s
report was not subject to attestation by our independent registered public accounting firm pursuant to rules of the SEC that permit us
to provide only management s report in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

ITEM 9B. 
 OTHER INFORMATION. 

None. 

ITEM 9C 
 DISCLOSURE REGARDING FOREIGN JURISDICTIONS THAT PREVENT INSPECTIONS . 

None. 

PART III 

The
information required by Item 10 (Directors, Executive Officers and Corporate Governance), Item 11 (Executive Compensation), Item 12 Security Ownership of Certain Beneficial Owners and Management and Related Stockholder Matters), Item 13 (Certain Relationships and Related
Transactions, and Director Independence), and Item 14 (Principal Accountant Fees and Services) is incorporated by reference to our Proxy
Statement for our 2023 Annual Meeting of Shareholders, which will be filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission no later than 120
days from the end of our 2022 fiscal year. The information under the heading Executive Officers in Part I of this Form 10-K
is also incorporated herein by reference. 

PART IV 

ITEM 15. 
 EXHIBITS AND FINANCIAL STATEMENT SCHEDULES . 

(a)(1) Financial Statements 

See Part II, Item 8, Financial
Statements and Supplementary Data for Financial Statements included with this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

(a)(2) Financial Statement Schedules 

All other
schedules have been omitted because the required information is not applicable or the information is included in the consolidated financial
statements or the Notes thereto. 

 (a)(3) Exhibits 

The exhibits listed on the accompanying
Index to Exhibits are filed as part of this Annual Report. 

54 

 Table of Contents 

Incorporated by Reference

Exhibit Number 
 
 Exhibit Description

Form 
 
 Date 
 
 Number 
 
 Filed Herewith

2 
 
 Plan of Reorganization, Amended Disclosure
 Statement, Amended Plan of Reorganization, Modification of Amended Plan of Reorganization, Second Modification of Amended Plan of Reorganization,
 Order Confirming Plan of Reorganization 
 
 SB-2 
 
 5/5/1987 
 
 2 

3 
 
 Restated Articles of Incorporation, adopted
 January 9, 1984 
 
 10-K 
 
 12/29/1982 
 
 3 

10(a)(1) 
 
 Employment Agreement with Joseph G. Flanigan 
 
 DEF14A 
 
 1/27/1988 
 
 10(a)(1) 

10(a)(2) 
 
 Form of Employment Agreement between
 Joseph G. Flanigan and the Company (as ratified and amended by the stockholders at the 1988 annual meeting is incorporated herein by reference). 
 
 10-K 

10(a)(1) 

10(c) 
 
 Consent Agreement regarding the Company's Trademark Litigation

8-K 
 
 4/10/1985 
 
 10( c) 

10(d) 
 
 King of Prussia(#850)Partnership Agreement 
 
 8-K 
 
 4/10/1985 
 
 10(d) 

10(o) 
 
 Management Agreement for Atlanta, Georgia, (#600) 
 
 10-K 
 
 10/3/1992 
 
 10(o) 

10(p) 
 
 Settlement Agreement with Former Vice Chairman of the
 Board of Directors (re #5) 
 
 10-K 
 
 10/3/1992 
 
 10(p) 

10(q) 
 
 Hardware Purchase Agreement and Software License Agreement
 for restaurant point of sale system. 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 10/2/1993 
 
 10(q) 

10(a)(3) 
 
 Key Employee Incentive Stock Option Plan 
 
 DEF14A 
 
 1/26/1994 
 
 10(a)(3) 

10( r) 
 
 Limited
 Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #13, Ltd,. between Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner and fifty percent owner of
 the limited partnership, and Hotel Properties, LTD. 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 9/30/1995 
 
 10(r) 

55 

 Table of Contents 

10(s) 
 
 Form
 of Franchise Agreement between Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. and Franchisees. 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 9/30/1995 
 
 10(s) 

10(t) 
 
 Licensing
 Agreement between Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. and James B. Flanigan, dated November 4, 1996, for non-exclusive use of the service mark
 Flanigan's in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 9/28/1996 
 
 10(t) 

10(u) 

Limited Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #15 Ltd., dated March 28, 1997, between B.D. 15 Corp. as General Partner and numerous limited
 partners, including Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. as a limited partner owning twenty five percent of the limited partnership. 

10-KSB 
 
 9/27/1997 
 
 10(u) 

10(v) 
 
 Limited
 Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #60 Ltd., dated July 8, 1997, between Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner and numerous
 limited partners, including Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning forty percent of the limited partnership. 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 9/27/1997 
 
 10(v) 

10(w) 
 
 Stipulated
 Agreed Order of Dismissal upon Mediation with former franchisee. 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 9/27/1997 
 
 10(w) 

10(x) 
 
 Limited
 Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #70, Ltd. dated February 1999 between Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. as General Partner and numerous
 limited partners, including Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning forty percent of the limited partnership. 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 10/02/1999 
 
 10(x) 

10(y) 
 
 Limited
 Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #80, Ltd., dated May 2001, between Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. as General Partner and numerous
 limited partners, including Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc., as limited partner owning twenty five percent of the limited partnership. 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 9/29/2001 
 
 10(y) 

56 

 Table of Contents 

10(z) 
 
 Limited
 Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #95, Ltd., dated July 2001, between Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner and numerous
 limited partners, including Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning twenty eight percent of the limited partnership. 
 
 10-KSB 
 
 9/29/2001 
 
 10(z) 

10(bb) 
 
 Limited Partnership Agreement of
 CIC Investors #65, Ltd., dated June 24, 2004, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner, and numerous limited partners,
 including Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning twenty six percent of the limited partnership. 
 
 10-K 
 
 10/2/2004 
 
 10(bb) 

10(cc) 
 
 Amended
 and Restated Limited Partnership Certificate and Agreement of CIC Investors #13, Ltd., dated March 1, 2006, between Flanigan s Enterprises,
 Inc., as General Partner, Flanigan s Management Services, Inc. and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan s Enterprises,
 Inc. as limited partner owning thirty nine percent of the limited partnership. 
 
 10-K 
 
 9/30/2006 
 
 10(cc) 

10(dd) 
 
 Limited
 Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #50, Ltd., dated October 17, 2006, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner,
 Flanigan s Management Services, Inc. and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner
 owning sixteen percent of the limited partnership. 
 
 10-K 
 
 9/29/2007 
 
 10(dd) 

10(ee) 
 
 Limited
 Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #55, Ltd., dated December 12, 2006, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner,
 Flanigan s Management Services, Inc. and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner
 owning forty eight percent of the limited partnership. 
 
 10-K 
 
 9/29/2007 
 
 10(ee) 

57 

 Table of Contents 

10(ff) 
 
 Limited
 Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #90, Ltd., dated January 18, 2012, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner,
 Flanigan s Management Services, Inc. and numerous limited partners, including Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner
 owning five percent of the limited partnership. 
 
 10-K 
 
 9/29/2012 
 
 10(ff) 

10(gg) 
 
 Limited Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #85, Ltd., dated
 April 4, 2019, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner, Flanigan s Management Services, Inc. and numerous
 limited partners, including Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. as limited partner owning seven percent of the limited partnership. 

X 

10(hh) 
 
 Limited Partnership Agreement of CIC Investors #25, Ltd., dated
 September 21, 2021, between Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., as General Partner, Flanigan s Management Services, Inc. and numerous
 limited partners, excluding Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 

X 

13 
 
 Registrant's Form 10-K constitutes the Annual Report to Shareholders for the fiscal
 year ended October 2, 2022. 

X 

21(a) 
 
 Company's subsidiaries are set forth
 in this Annual Report on Form 10-K. 

X 

58 

 Table of Contents 

31.1 
 
 Certification
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended of Chief Executive Officer . 

X 

31.2 
 
 Certification
 Pursuant to Rule 13a-14(a) and Rule 15d-14(a) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended of Chief Financial Officer. 

X 

32.1 
 
 Certification
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Chief Executive Officer. 

X 

32.2 
 
 Certification
 Pursuant to 18 U.S.C. Section 1350 as Adopted Pursuant to Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 of Chief Financial Officer. 

X 

Compensatory plan or arrangement. 

List of XBRL
documents as exhibits 101 

ITEM 16. 
 FORM 10-K SUMMARY 

None. 

SIGNATURES 

Pursuant to the requirements
of Section 13 or 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 the registrant has duly caused this report to be signed on its behalf by
the undersigned thereunto duly authorized. 

FLANIGAN'S ENTERPRISES, INC. 

By: /s/ JAMES G. FLANIGAN II 

JAMES G. FLANIGAN II 

Chief Executive Officer 

Date: 1/17/2023 

By: /s/ JEFFREY D. KASTNER 

JEFFREY D. KASTNER 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

(Principal Financial and Accounting Officer) 

Date: 1/17/2023 

59 

 Table of Contents 

Pursuant to the requirements
of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, this report has been signed below by the following persons on behalf of the registrant and in
their capacities and on the dates indicated. 

/s/ JAMES G. FLANIGAN II 
 Chairman of the Board, 
 Date: 1/17/2023 
 
 James G. Flanigan II 
 Chief Executive Officer, 

and Director 

/s/ JEFFREY D. KASTNER 
 Chief Financial Officer, 
 Date: 1/17/2023 
 
 Jeffrey D. Kastner 
 Secretary and Director 

/s/ AUGUST BUCCI 
 Chief Operating Officer 
 Date: 1/17/2023 
 
 August Bucci 
 and Director 

/s/ MICHAEL B. FLANIGAN 
 Director 
 Date: 1/17/2023 
 
 Michael B. Flanigan 

/s/ PATRICK J. FLANIGAN 
 Director 
 Date: 1/17/2023 
 
 Patrick J. Flanigan 

/s/ CHRISTOPHER O NEIL 
 Vice President of Package 
 Date: 1/17/2023 
 
 Christopher O Neil 
 Operations and Director 

/s/ MARY ELIZABETH BENNETT 
 Director 
 Date: 1/17/2023 
 
 Mary Elizabeth Bennett 

/s/ CHRISTOPHER J. NELMS 
 Director 
 Date: 1/17/2023 
 
 Christopher J. Nelms 

/s/ JOHN P. FOSTER 
 Director 
 Date: 1/17/2023 
 
 John P. Foster 

60 

 Table of Contents 

Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

OCTOBER 1, 2022 AND OCTOBER 2, 2021 

Table of Contents 

Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

INDEX TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

PAGE 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

F-1 

(PCAOB ID 

CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

Balance Sheets 

F-2 

Statements of Income 

F-3 

Statements of Stockholders Equity 

F-4 

Statements of Cash Flows 

F-5 F-6 

Notes to Financial Statements 

F-7 F-31 

Table of Contents 

REPORT OF INDEPENDENT REGISTERED PUBLIC ACCOUNTING FIRM 

To the Stockholders and Board of Directors of 

Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. 

Opinion on the Financial Statements 

We
 have audited the accompanying consolidated balance sheets of Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. (the Company as of
 October 1, 2022, and October 2, 2021, the related consolidated statements of income, stockholders equity and cash flows for
 each of the two years in the period ended October 1, 2022, and the related notes (collectively referred to as the financial
 statements ). In our opinion, the financial statements present fairly, in all material respects, the financial position of
 the Company as of October 1, 2022 and October 2, 2021, and the results of its operations and cash flows for each of the two years in
 the period ended October 1, 2022, in conformity with accounting principles generally accepted in the United States of America. 

Basis for Opinion 

These financial statements are the responsibility of the Company's management. Our responsibility is to express an opinion on the Company's financial statements based on our audits. We are a public accounting firm registered with the Public Company Accounting Oversight Board (United States) ("PCAOB") and are required to be independent with respect to the Company in accordance with the U.S. federal securities laws and the applicable rules and regulations of the Securities and Exchange Commission and the PCAOB. 

We conducted our audits in accordance with the standards of the PCAOB. Those standards require that we plan and perform the audits to obtain reasonable assurance about whether the financial statements are free of material misstatement, whether due to error or fraud. The Company is not required to have, nor were we engaged to perform, an audit of its internal control over financial reporting. As part of our audits, we are required to obtain an understanding of internal control over financial reporting but not for expressing an opinion on the effectiveness of the Company's internal control over financial reporting. Accordingly, we express no such opinion. 

Our audits included performing procedures to assess the risks of material misstatement of the financial statements, whether due to error or fraud, and performing procedures that respond to those risks. Such procedures included examining, on a test basis, evidence regarding the amounts and disclosures in the financial statements. Our audits also included evaluating the accounting principles used and significant estimates made by management, as well as evaluating the overall presentation of the financial statements. We believe that our audits provide a reasonable basis for our opinion. 

Critical Audit Matters 

The critical audit matters are matters arising from the current period audit of the financial statements that were communicated or required to be communicated to the audit committee and that: (1) relate to accounts or disclosures that are material to the financial statements and (2) involved our especially challenging, subjective, or complex judgments. We determined that there are no critical audit matters. 

/s/ 

MARCUM LLP 

We have served as the Company s auditor since 1999. 

January 17, 2023

F-1 

Table of Contents 

Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED BALANCE SHEETS 

OCTOBER 1, 2022 AND OCTOBER 2, 2021 

(rounded to the nearest thousandth, except share and per share amounts) 

ASSETS 

2022 

2021 

Current Assets: 

Cash and cash equivalents 

Prepaid income taxes 

Other receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Total current assets 

Property and Equipment, Net 

Construction in Progress 

Right-of-Use Asset, Operating Leases 

Investment in Limited Partnerships 

Other Assets: 

Liquor licenses 

Leasehold interests, net 

Deposits on property and equipment 

Other 

Total other assets 

Total assets 

LIABILITIES AND EQUITY 

Current Liabilities: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Accrued compensation 

Due to franchisees 

Current portion of long-term debt 

Operating lease liability, current 

Deferred revenue 

Total current liabilities 

Long-Term Debt, Net of Current Portion 

Operating lease liability, non current 

Deferred tax liabilities, net 

Total liabilities 

Commitments and Contingencies 

Equity: 

Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. stockholders' equity: 

Common stock, par value; shares authorized; shares issued; outstanding for the years ended 2022 and 2021 

Capital in excess of par value 

Retained earnings 

Treasury stock, at cost, shares for the years ended 2022 and 2021 

Total Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. stockholders' equity 

Noncontrolling interests 

Total equity 

Total liabilities and equity 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-2 

Table of Contents 

Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF INCOME 

Years Ended October 1, 2022 and October 2, 2021 

(rounded to the nearest thousandth, except share and per share amounts) 

2022 

2021 

Revenues: 

Restaurant food sales 

Restaurant bar sales 

Package store sales 

Franchise-related revenues 

Other operating income 

Rental income 

Costs and Expenses: 

Cost of merchandise sold: 

Restaurants and lounges 

Package goods 

Payroll and related costs 

Occupancy costs 

Selling, general and administrative expenses 

Income from Operations 

Other Income (Expense): 

Interest expense 

Interest and other income 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Gain on sale of property and equipment 

Income Before Provision for Income Taxes 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Net Income 

Less: Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

Net Income Attributable to Flanigan's Enterprises, Inc. Stockholders 

Net Income Per Common Share: 

Basic and Diluted 

Weighted Average Shares and Equivalent Shares Outstanding: 

Basic and Diluted 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-3 

Table of Contents 

Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF STOCKHOLDERS' EQUITY 

YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 1, 2022 AND OCTOBER 2, 2021 

(rounded to nearest thousandth, except share amounts) 

Common Stock 

Capital in 

Treasury Stock 

Excess of 

Retained 

Noncontrolling 

Shares 

Amount 

Par Value 

Earnings 

Shares 

Amount 

Interests 

Total 

Balance, October 2, 2021 

Net income 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Sale of minority interest 

Dividends paid 

Balance, October 1, 2022 

Balance, October 3, 2020 

Net income 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Balance, October 2, 2021 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-4 

Table of Contents 

Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 1, 2022 AND OCTOBER 2, 2021 

(rounded to nearest thousandth) 

2022 

2021 

Cash Flows from Operating Activities: 

Net income 

Adjustments to reconcile net income to net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities: 

Depreciation and amortization 

Amortization of leasehold interests 

Amortization of finance lease right-of-use asset 

Amortization of operating lease right-of-use asset 

Gain on forgiveness of PPP loans 

Non-cash interest expense 

Gain on sale of property and equipment 

Loss on abandonment of property and equipment 

Amortization of deferred loan costs 

Deferred income taxes 

Income from unconsolidated limited partnership 

Changes in operating assets and liabilities: 

(Increase) decrease in: 

Prepaid income taxes 

Other receivables 

Inventories 

Prepaid expenses 

Other assets 

Increase (decrease) in: 

Accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities 

Due to franchisees 

Deferred revenue 

Net cash and cash equivalents provided by operating activities 

Cash Flows from Investing Activities: 

Purchase of property and equipment 

Purchase of construction in progress 

Deposit on property and equipment 

Purchase of liquor license 

Proceeds from sale of fixed assets 

Distributions from unconsolidated limited partnership 

Business acquisition 

Investment in limited partnership 

Net cash and cash equivalents used in investing activities 

Cash Flows from Financing Activities: 

Payments of long-term debt 

Deferred loan costs 

Proceeds from long-term debt 

Proceeds from PPP loans 

Principal payments on finance leases 

Dividends paid 

Distributions to noncontrolling interests 

Proceeds from minority interest offering 

Net cash and cash equivalents provided by financing activities 

Net Increase in Cash and Cash Equivalents 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Beginning 

Cash and Cash Equivalents, Ending 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-5 

Table of Contents 

Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

CONSOLIDATED STATEMENTS OF CASH FLOWS 

YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 1, 2022 AND OCTOBER 2, 2021 

(Continued) 

(rounded to nearest thousandth) 

2022 

2021 

Supplemental Disclosure of Cash Flow Information: 

Cash paid during the year for: 

Interest 

Income taxes 

Supplemental Disclosure for Non-Cash Investing and Financing Activities: 

Financing of insurance contracts 

Purchase deposits transferred to property and equipment 

Purchase deposits transferred to construction in progress 

Construction in progress transferred to property and equipment 

Construction in progress in accounts payable and accrued expenses 

Operating lease liabilities arising from right-of-use assets 

Purchase of vehicle in exchange for debt 

Purchase of property in exchange for debt 

See notes to consolidated financial statements. 

F-6 

Table of Contents 

Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. and Subsidiaries 

NOTES TO CONSOLIDATED FINANCIAL STATEMENTS 

YEARS ENDED OCTOBER 1, 2022 AND OCTOBER 2, 2021 

shares of common stock at a par value of per share. 

F-7 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

for interest and non-interest bearing accounts. We have not experienced any losses on such accounts. 

to for furniture and equipment. Leasehold improvements are currently being amortized over the shorter of the life of the lease or the life of the asset up to a maximum of years. Our buildings of our corporate offices in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; our construction office/warehouse in Fort Lauderdale, Florida; our combination restaurant and package liquor stores in Hallandale, Florida and North Lauderdale, Florida; our restaurants in N. Miami and Fort Lauderdale, Florida; our property in Sunrise, Florida which we lease to a limited partnership (Store #85), our property in Fort Lauderdale, Florida which we lease to a franchisee (Store #15), our package store in N. Miami, Florida, and our shopping center in Miami, Florida, all of which we own, are being depreciated over . Building improvements are being depreciated over years. 

F-8 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

and of our cost of goods sold and and of our accounts payable and accrued expenses as of October 1, 2022 and October 2, 2021, respectively. We believe that several other alternative vendors are available, if necessary. 

and of our cost of goods sold for the years ended October 1, 2022 and October 2, 2021, respectively and of our accounts payable and accrued expenses as of both October 1, 2022 and October 2, 2021. Each distributor has exclusive rights from the manufacturers to sell specific brands in given areas, so unless the exclusive distribution rights are transferred to another vendor, there are no alternate distributors available. 

F-9 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

of package sales and of restaurant sales, are recorded as income on a weekly basis, in arrears. We report our revenues net of sales tax. 

Good Customer Gift Card, Pursuant to ASC 606, we recognize deferred revenue in the amount of the Gift Card upon the issuance of the Gift Card and reduce package liquor store revenue by a like amount. We recognize revenue when the Gift Card is redeemed in our restaurants or when it expires unused. Gift cards have various expiration dates based upon each program, while gift cards purchased for cash have no expiration dates. 

We expense pre-opening costs as incurred and during our fiscal year ended October 1, 2022 we expensed for CIC Investors #25, Ltd, and for CIC Investors #85, Ltd 

and , respectively. 

per occurrence for both us and the limited partnerships. Our insurance carrier is responsible for coverage per occurrence above our deductible, up to a maximum aggregate of per year. During our fiscal year ended October 1, 2022, we were able to purchase excess liability insurance, whereby our excess insurance carrier is responsible for coverage above our primary general liability insurance coverage. We are un-insured against liability claims in excess of per occurrence and in the aggregate (See Note 20. Subsequent Events for a discussion of general liability and excess liability insurance for the period commencing December 30, 2022) 

deductible. 

F-10 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

F-11 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 1. SUMMARY OF SIGNIFICANT ACCOUNTING POLICIES (Continued) 

F-12 

Table of Contents 

Leasehold improvements 

Land and land improvements 

Building and improvements 

Vehicles 

Less accumulated depreciation and amortization 

Construction in progress 

and , respectively. 

Less accumulated amortization 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Total 

and , respectively. 

South Florida based restaurants under our service marks Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill or Flanigan s . In addition to being a limited partner in these limited partnerships, we are the sole general partner of ten of these limited partnerships and manage and control the operations of the restaurants except for the restaurant located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida where we only hold a limited partnership interest. 

F-13 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT IN LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS (Continued) 

of the cash invested in the limited partnership, with no management fee paid to us. Any available cash in excess of the of the cash invested in the limited partnership distributed to the investors annually, is paid one-half ) to us as a management fee and one-half ) to the investors (including us), pro-rata based on the investors investment, as a return of capital. Once all of the investors (including us), have received, in full, amounts equal to their cash invested, an annual management fee becomes payable to us equal to one-half ) of cash available to be distributed, with the other one-half ) of available cash distributed to the investors (including us), as a profit distribution, pro-rata based on the investors investment. 

fee is earned when sales are made by the limited partnerships and is paid weekly, in arrears. Whether we will have any additional restaurants under development in the future will be dependent, among other things, on market conditions and our ability to raise capital. We anticipate that we will continue to form limited partnerships to raise funds to own and operate restaurants under our service marks Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill or Flanigan s using the same or substantially similar financial arrangements. 

limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Surfside, Florida under our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since March 6, 1998. of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by the limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Kendall, Florida under our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since April 4, 2000. of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by the limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F-14 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT IN LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS (Continued) 

limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in West Miami, Florida under our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since October 11, 2001. of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by the limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Wellington, Florida under our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since May 27, 2005. of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by the limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Pinecrest, Florida under our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since August 14, 2006. of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half (1/2) of the cash available for distribution by this limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F-15 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT IN LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS (Continued) 

limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Pembroke Pines, Florida under our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since October 29, 2007. of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half (1/2) of the cash available for distribution by this limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Davie, Florida under our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since July 28, 2008. of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half (1/2) of the cash available for distribution by this limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Miami, Florida under our Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill service mark since December 27, 2012. of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. This limited partnership has returned to its investors all of their initial cash invested and we receive an annual management fee equal to one-half ) of the cash available for distribution by this limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

limited partner in this limited partnership which has owned and operated a restaurant in Sunrise, Florida under our Flanigan s service mark since March 20, 2022. of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. As of the end of our fiscal year 2022, this limited partnership has returned to its investors approximately 2.0 of their initial cash invested and as a result, we are currently not entitled to receive any management fees from this limited partnership. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

F-16 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 4. INVESTMENT IN LIMITED PARTNERSHIPS (Continued) 

of the limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. We anticipate that this new restaurant will commence operations in February, 2023. This entity is consolidated in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. 

of the remaining limited partnership interest is owned by persons who are either our officers, directors or their family members. We have a franchise arrangement with this limited partnership. For accounting purposes, we do not consolidate the operations of this limited partnership into our operations. Our investment in this entity is reported using the equity method in the accompanying consolidated financial statements. The following is a summary of financial information pertaining to our limited partnership investment in Fort Lauderdale, Florida: 

Non-Current Assets 

Total Assets 

Current Liabilities 

Non-Current Liabilities 

Total Liabilities 

Equity 

Total Liabilities and Equity 

Operating Results: 

Revenues 

Gross profit 

Net income 

F-17 

Table of Contents 

Units of limited partnership interests at per Unit for proceeds of , Units of which were purchased by the Company upon the same terms and conditions as all other investors. The Company s investment is eliminated in consolidation. The proceeds of the private placement were used to satisfy (including reimbursement to us for advances we have made), build-out and renovation expenses and the purchase of such furniture, fixtures and equipment necessary for operation of our Sunrise, Florida restaurant under the service mark Flanigan s , which commenced operations on March 22, 2022. Capital raised from private investors is credited to sale of noncontrolling interests in our Statements of Stockholders Equity. 

ownership. 

Units of limited partnership interests at per Unit for gross proceeds of . No units of limited partnership interest were purchased by the Company. The proceeds of the private placement are being used to satisfy (including reimbursement to us for advances we have made), build-out and renovation expenses and the purchase of such furniture, fixtures and equipment necessary for operation of our Miramar, Florida restaurant under the service mark Flanigan s , which we believe will commence operations in February, 2023. Capital raised from private investors is credited to sale of noncontrolling interests in our Statements of Stockholders Equity. 

. The liquor license is currently inactive, but we intend to use it in connection with the operation of the package liquor store we are developing in Miramar, Florida. The 4COP quota liquor license for Broward County, Florida which we purchased during the third quarter of our fiscal year 2021 and was inactive, was transferred for use in our operation of Brendan s Sports Pub . 

square feet of commercial space located at 868 South Federal Highway, Pompano Beach, Florida, from where we operate the existing Brendan s Sports Pub business (Store #30), the assets of which we simultaneously purchased. The term of the BSP Lease is for (50) , triple net to the landlord with fixed rent of per year, with two percent annual increases commencing in year five. 

, including but not limited to the furniture, fixtures, equipment and service mark, Brendan s Sports Pub , but excluding the 4 COP liquor license used in the operation of the business. We did not assume any obligations of the business. 

F-18 

Table of Contents 

from the payee of an entity managed by a member of our Board of Directors and who is also our Chief Financial Officer, which holds a mortgage note in the original principal amount of (the Note ), resulting in a principal amount outstanding thereunder of as of August 1, 2022. Our repayment obligations under the Note continue to be secured by a first mortgage on the real property and improvements where our restaurant located at 2600 West Davie Boulevard, Fort Lauderdale, Florida operates. The terms of the Note are that it bears interest at annually (increased from annually), is amortizable over years with installments of principal and interest of approximately required to be made and a final balloon payment of approximately required to be made August 1, 2032. 

raising the principal balance to , (the 8.90M Mortgage ). The M Mortgage bears interest at a variable rate equal to the . We entered into an interest rate swap agreement to hedge the interest rate risk, which fixed the interest rate on the 8.90M Mortgage at per annum throughout its term. The 8.90M Mortgage is fully amortized over fifteen (15) years, with our monthly payment of principal and interest totaling . 

million, which property, general liability, excess liability and terrorist insurance includes coverage for our franchises which are not included in our consolidated financial statements: 
 year general liability insurance premium is in the amount of ; 
 year general liability insurance premium is in the amount of ; 
 year automobile insurance premium is in the amount of ; 
 year property insurance premium is in the amount of ; 
 year excess liability insurance premiums are in the amount of ; 
 year terrorist insurance premium is in the amount of ; and 
 year equipment breakdown insurance premium is in the amount of . 

annual premium amounts, which includes coverage for our franchises which are not included in our consolidated financial statements, we financed through an unaffiliated third party lender. The finance agreement obligates us to repay the amounts financed together with interest at the rate of per annum, over months, with monthly payments of principal and interest of . The finance agreement is secured by a first priority security interest in all insurance policies, all unearned premium, return premiums, dividend payments and loss payments thereof. 

), which are not included in our consolidated financial statements is . 

F-19 

Table of Contents 

million, (the PPP Loans ), of which approximately: (i) million was loaned to us; (ii) million was loaned to 8 of the LP's; (iii) million was loaned to 5 of the Franchisees; and (iv) million was loanted to the Managed Store. The PPP Loans to the Franchisees and Managed Store are not included in our consolidated financial statements. During the first quarter of our fiscal year 2021, the entire amount of principal and accrued interest for all PPP Loans was forgiven 

million, (the 2 nd PPP Loans ), of which approximately: (i) million was loaned to six of the LP and (ii) million was loaned to the Managed Store. The 2 nd PPP Loan to the Managed Store is not included in our consolidated financial statements. During the first quarter of our fiscal year 2022, we applied for and received forgiveness of the entire amount of principal and accrued interest for all 2 nd PPP Loans, including the Managed Store. 

F-20 

Table of Contents 

and , respectively. In our fiscal year 2022, we acquired a 4 COP Quota Liquor License for for use in Broward County, Florida which we intend to use in connection with the operation of a package liquor store we are developing in Miramar, Florida. During our fiscal year 2021, we acquired a 4 COP Quota Liquor License for for use in Broward County, Florida which we currently use in the operation of Brendan s Sports Pub , the restaurant/bar in Pompano Beach, Florida we purchased during our fiscal year 2022. 

State 

Deferred: 

Federal 

State 

Non-controlling interests 

State income taxes, net of federal income tax 

FICA tip credit 

True up adjustment 

Tax effect of rate change due to Tax Reform 

PPP forgiveness 

Other permanent items, net 

Capitalized inventory costs 

Accrued bonuses 

Accruals for potential uninsured claims 

Gift cards 

Limited partnership management fees 

Tip credit 

Book/tax differences in property and equipment 

Book/tax differences in operating leases 

Limited partnership investments 

Accrued limited retirement 

Total Deferred Tax Liabilities, Net 

) 

) 

F-21 

Table of Contents 

, amortized over twenty ) years, payable in installments of principal and interest of approximately , with a balloon payment of approximately due on November 27, 2026. As of October 1, 2022, the net book value of the collateral securing this mortgage was . 

Mortgage payable to institutional lender, secured by first mortgage on real property and improvements, bearing interest at the fixed rate of per annum, fully amortized over fifteen ) years, payable in installments of principal and interest of approximately , with a final payment on July 1, 2036. As of October 1, 2022, the net book value of the collateral securing this mortgage was . 

Mortgage payable to institutional lender, secured by first mortgage on real property and improvements, bearing interest at the fixed rate of per annum, fully amortized over fifteen ) years, payable in installments of principal and interest of approximately , with a final payment on March 2, 2036. As of October 1, 2022, the net book value of the collateral securing this mortgage was . 

Mortgage payable to institutional lender, secured by a first mortgage on real property and improvements, bearing interest at , at October 1, 2022), but with the interest fixed at pursuant to a swap agreement, amortized over fifteen ) years, payable in installments of principal and interest of approximately . From the re-financing of this mortgage, we withdrew during our fiscal year ended October 1, 2022. As of October 1, 2022, the net book value of the collateral securing this mortgage was . 

Revolving credit line/term loan payable to institutional lender, which entitled the Company to borrow, from time to time through December 28, 2017, up to ,500,000, (the Credit Line ), secured by a blanket lien on all Company assets, bearing interest through December 28, 2017 at , at October 1, 2022). Effective December 28, 2017, an interest rate swap agreement requires us to pay interest for a five (5) year period at a fixed rate of on an initial amortizing notional principal amount of , while receiving interest for the same period at LIBOR, Daily Floating Rate, plus 2.25 , per annum (3.40 at October 1, 2022) on the same notional principal amount, with a final payment on December 28, 2022. On December 21, 2017, we borrowed the remaining and on December 28, 2017 the entire principal balance under the Credit Line converted to the Term Loan. On December 28, 2022, we paid the outstanding principal balance and accrued interest - -) in full. 

Mortgage payable to institutional lender, secured by a first mortgage on real property and improvements, bearing interest at the fixed rate of per annum, fully amortized over fifteen ) years, payable in installments of principal and interest of approximately , with a final payment on December 28, 2031. As of October 1, 2022, the net book value of the collateral securing this mortgage was . 

F-22 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 13. DEBT (Continued) 

, amortized over fifteen ) years, payable in installments of principal and interest of approximately , with a balloon payment of approximately due in August, 2032. As of October 1, 2022, the net book value of the collateral securing this mortgage was . 

Mortgage payable to institutional lender, secured by a first mortgage on real property and improvements, bearing interest at the fixed rate of per annum, fully amortized over fifteen ) years, payable in installments of principal and interest of approximately , with a final payment on December 28, 2031. As of October 1, 2022, the net book value of the collateral securing this mortgage was . 

Financed insurance premiums, secured by all insurance policies, bearing interest at payable in installments of principal and interest in the aggregate amount of a month through November 30, 2022. 

Mortgage payable to unrelated third party, secured by first mortgage on real property and improvements, bearing interest at 7 , amortized over twenty ) years, payable in installments of principal and interest of approximately , with a final payment due in March, 2034. As of October 1, 2022, the net book value of the collateral securing this mortgage was . 

Mortgage payable to related third party, secured by first mortgage on real property and improvements, bearing interest at , amortized over eight ) years, payable in installments of principal and interest of approximately , with a final payment due in November, 2026. As of October 1, 2022, the net book value of the collateral securing this mortgage was . 

Loans from an unrelated third party lender pursuant to the Paycheck Protection Program (the PPP under the United States Coronavirus Aid, Relief and Economic Security Act (the CARES Act enacted March 27, 2020, in the aggregate principal amount of approximately million, (the 2 nd PPP Loans ), which was loaned to 6 of the limited partnerships. The 2 nd PPP Loans, which are in the form of Notes issued by each of the Borrowers, mature five years from the date of funding (March 23, 2021) and bear interest at a rate of per annum, payable monthly commencing after the U.S. Small Business Administration makes a determination of the forgiveness of the 2 nd PPP Loans). Subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2021, the principal balance and all accrued interest due on the 2 nd PPP Loans was forgiven in full. 

-- 

F-23 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 13. DEBT (Continued) 

Less unamortized loan costs 

Less current portion 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Less unamortized loan costs 

(the Institutional Loans ), as of October 1, 2022. 

, (i) to connect the real property where this restaurant operated (Store #19) to city sewer and (ii) to construct a new building on the adjacent parcel of real property for the operation of a package liquor store. During our fiscal years 2020, 2021 and 2022, we agreed to change orders to the agreement for additional construction services increasing the total contract price by to , of which has been paid through October 1, 2022 and -0- has been paid subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022 through the date of filing of this annual report. 

for the re-build of our restaurant located at 2505 N. University Drive, Hollywood, Florida (Store #19), which has been closed since October 2, 2018 due to damages caused by a fire, of which has been paid. During the first quarter of our fiscal year 2022, we entered into an agreement with a third party unaffiliated general contractor to re-build our restaurant at this location for , of which has been paid through October 1, 2022 and 75,000 has been paid subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022 through the date of filing of this annual report. 

F-24 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES AND OTHER MATTERS (Continued) 

Construction Contracts (Continued) 

. During our fiscal year 2020, we agreed upon amendments to the Contract for additional design and development services which had the effect of increasing the total contract price by to , of which has been paid through October 1, 2022. Additionally, during the fourth quarter of our fiscal year 2020, we entered into an agreement with a third party unaffiliated general contractor for interior renovations at this location totaling and through our fiscal year 2022 we agreed to change orders to the agreement for additional interior renovations increasing the total contract price by to , which has been paid in full by the end of our fiscal year 2022. During the second quarter of our fiscal year 2022, we entered into an agreement with a third party unaffiliated general contractor for exterior renovations at this location totaling and through our fiscal year 2022 we agreed to change orders to the agreement for additional interior renovations increasing the total contract price by to , of which has been paid through October 1, 2022 and - - has been paid subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022 through the date of filing of this annual report. 

, and through our fiscal year 2022 we agreed to change orders to the agreement increasing the total contract price by to of which has been paid through October 1, 2022 and has been paid subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022 through the date of filing of this annual report. 

, and through our fiscal year 2022 we agreed to change orders to the agreement increasing the total contract price by to of which has been paid through October 1, 2022 and -0- has been paid subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022 through the date of filing of this annual report. 

years, some of which include options to renew and extend the lease terms for up to an additional years. We presently intend to renew some of the extension options available to us and for purposes of computing the right-of-use assets and lease liabilities required by ASC 842, we have incorporated into all lease terms which may be extended, an additional term of the lesser of (i) the amount of years the lease may be extended; or (ii) 15 years. 

Finance Lease Expense, which is included in interest expense 

-- 

Operating Lease Expense, which is included in occupancy costs 

F-25 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES AND OTHER MATTERS (Continued) 

Leases (Continued) 

Liabilities 

Operating current liabilities 

Operating lease non-current liabilities 

Weighted Average Remaining Lease Term: 

Operating leases 

Years 

Years 

Weighted Average Discount: 

Operating leases 

2024 

2025 

2026 

2027 

Thereafter 

Total lease payments (Undiscounted cash flows) 

Less imputed interest 

Total 

million and million of 2.25 Down Baby Back Ribs (industry jargon for the weight range in which slabs of baby back ribs are sold) from this vendor during calendar years 2022 and 2023, at prescribed costs, which we believe are competitive. The decrease in our cost of baby back ribs for calendar year 2023 compared to calendar 2022 is due to a decrease in market price. 

of FFC owned by the unrelated third party is recognized as noncontrolling interest in our consolidated financial statements. 

owner of a company which has a franchise arrangement with us for the operation of a restaurant and adjacent package liquor store located in Coconut Grove, Florida (Store #18). 

of a company which has a franchise arrangement with us for the operation of a combination restaurant/package liquor store located in Pompano Beach, Florida (Store #43). 

F-26 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 14. COMMITMENTS, CONTINGENCIES AND OTHER MATTERS (Continued) 

Franchise Program (Continued) 

of the shareholder interest of a company which has a franchise arrangement with us for the operation of a restaurant located in Deerfield Beach, Florida. The shareholder interest of James G. Flanigan s family represents an additional of the total invested capital in this franchised location (Store #14). 

limited partner in a limited partnership which has a franchise arrangement with us for the operation of a restaurant located in Fort Lauderdale, Florida. The Company is a limited partner in this limited partnership and officers and directors of the Company (excluding Patrick J. Flanigan) own an additional limited partnership interest in this franchised location (Store #15). 

, we also act as fiscal agent for the franchisees whereby we collect all revenues and pay all expenses and distributions. We also, from time to time, advance funds on behalf of the franchisees for the cost of renovations. The resulting amounts receivable from and payable to these franchisees are reflected in the accompanying consolidated balance sheet as either an asset or a liability. We also agree to sponsor and manage cooperative buying groups on behalf of the franchisees for the purchase of inventory. The franchise agreements provide for royalties to us of approximately of gross restaurant sales and of gross package liquor sales. During our fiscal years 2022 and 2021, we earned royalties of and , respectively, from our related franchises, which royalties are included in Franchise-related revenues in our Consolidated Statements of Income. We are not currently offering or accepting new franchises. 

of the corporate pre-tax net income, plus or minus non-recurring items, but before depreciation and amortization in excess of paid to the Chief Executive Officer and paid to other members of management, (the Officers Bonus ). Officers Bonuses for our fiscal years 2022 and 2021 amounted to approximately and , respectively. 

of the pre-tax net income before depreciation and amortization from our restaurants in excess of and our share of the pre-tax net income before depreciation and amortization from the restaurants owned by the limited partnerships paid to the Chief Operating Officer and paid to the Chief Financial Officer (the Restaurant Bonus '). Restaurant Bonuses for our fiscal years 2022 and 2021 amounted to approximately and , respectively. 

in exchange for our rights to manage this restaurant. The management agreement was amortized and paid on a straight-line basis over the life of the initial term of the agreement, ten ) years. The restaurant is owned by a third party unaffiliated with us. In exchange for providing management, bookkeeping and related services, we receive one-half ) of the net profit, if any, from the operation of the restaurant. During the third quarter of our fiscal year 2011, the term of the management agreement was extended through January 9, 2036. For the fiscal years ended October 1, 2022 and October 2, 2021, we generated of revenue from each fiscal year from providing these management services. 

F-27 

Table of Contents 

variable rate instruments outstanding that are impacted by changes in interest rates. The interest rate of the first variable rate debt instrument is equal to the lender s LIBOR Rate plus and one-quarter percent per annum and the second variable rate debt instrument is equal to the lender s BSBY Screen Rate plus and one-half percent per annum. The debt instrument further provides that the LIBOR Rate is a rate of interest equal to the British Bankers Association LIBOR Rate or successor thereto approved by the lender if the British Bankers Association is no longer making a LIBOR rate available and the BSBY Screen Rate is a rate of interest equal to the Bloomberg Short-Term Bank Yield Interest Rate or successor thereto approved by the lender. In December 2016, we closed on a secured revolving line of credit which entitled us to borrow, from time to time through December 28, 2017, up to (the Credit Line ), which on December 28, 2017 converted to a term loan (the Term Loan ). Subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022, (December 28, 2022) we paid the balance of the Term Loan in full. In September 2022, we refinanced the mortgage loan encumbering the property where our combination package liquor store and restaurant located at 4 N. Federal Highway, Hallandale Beach, Florida, (Store #31) operates, which mortgage loan is held by an unaffiliated third party lender (the M Loan ). 

F-28 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 15. FAIR VALUE MEASUREMENTS OF FINANCIAL INSTRUMENTS (Continued) 

Interest Rate Swap Agreements (Continued) 

year period at a fixed rate of on an initial amortizing notional principal amount of , while receiving interest for the same period at , on the same amortizing notional principal amount. We determined that at October 1, 2022, the interest rate swap agreement is an effective hedging agreement and the fair value was not material. Subsequent to the end of our fiscal year 2022 (December 28, 2022) we paid the balance of the Term Loan in full, which was the same date the swap agreement matured; and 

M Loan (the M Term Loan Swap ). The M Term Loan Swap requires us to pay interest for a fifteen ) year period at a fixed rate of on an initial amortizing notional principal amount of , while receiving interest for the same period at , on the same amortizing notional principal amount. We determined that at October 1, 2022, the interest rate swap agreement is an effective hedging agreement and the fair value was not material. 

shares of our common stock under the discretionary plan approved by the Board of Directors on May 17, 2007. Our current repurchase plan has no expiration date and purchases under this program may be made from time to time on the open market and in private transactions, depending on market conditions, up to a purchase price of price of per share. The Internal Revenue Service will impose a tax on stock repurchases after December 31, 2022. 

F-29 

Table of Contents 

Package stores 

Other revenues 

Total operating revenues 

Income from Operations Reconciled to Income after 

 Income Taxes and Net Income Attributable to 

 Noncontrolling Interests: 

Restaurants 

Package stores 

Corporate expenses, net of other revenues 

Income from Operations 

Interest expense 

Interest and Other Income 

Gain on forgiveness of debt 

Gain on sale of property and equipment 

Income before provision for income taxes 

Provision for Income Taxes 

Net Income 

Net Income Attributable to Noncontrolling Interests 

Net Income Attributable to Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc, Stockholders 

Identifiable Assets: 

Restaurants 

Package stores 

Corporate 

Consolidated Totals 

Capital Expenditures 

Restaurants 

Package stores 

Corporate 

Total Capital Expenditures 

Depreciation and Amortization: 

Restaurants 

Package stores 

Corporate 

Total Depreciation and Amortization 

Income from operations 

Net income attributable to stockholders 

Net income per share basic and diluted 

Weighted average common stock outstanding basic and diluted 

F-30 

Table of Contents 

NOTE 18. QUARTERLY INFORMATION (UNAUDITED) (Continued) 

Income from operations 

Net income attributable to stockholders 

Net income per share basic and diluted 

Weighted average common stock outstanding basic and diluted 

and , respectively 

million, which property, general liability, excess liability and terrorist insurance includes coverage for our franchises (which is ), which are not included in our consolidated financial statements: 
 year general liability insurance premium is in the amount of ; 
 year general liability insurance premium is in the amount of ; 
 year automobile insurance premium is in the amount of ; 
 year property insurance premium is in the amount of ; 
 year excess liability insurance premium is in the amount of ; 
 year terrorist insurance premium is in the amount of ; and 
 year equipment breakdown insurance premium is in the amount of . 

annual premium amounts, which includes coverage for our franchises which are not included in our consolidated financial statements, we paid the annual premium amounts in full with no financing due to high interest rates. 

million term loan to our unrelated lender. The outstanding principal balance and accrued interest - -) was paid in full on December 28, 2022. 

F-31 

<EX-10.GG>
 2
 ex10gg.htm
 EX-10.GG

Exhibit 10(gg) 

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CERTIFICATE AND AGREEMENT 

THIS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CERTIFICATE AND AGREEMENT , (the Agreement ), made and entered into this _ 4th _ day of April, 2019, by and among
 FLANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC. , a Florida corporation, (the General Partner ), and all other parties who
shall execute this Agreement or any counterpart thereof, collectively, (the Limited Partners ). The Limited Partners,
as constituted from time to time, and the General Partner are sometimes herein collectively referred to as the Partners . 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

 WHEREAS , the Partners
desire to form a limited partnership (the Partnership pursuant to the Uniform Limited Partnership Act of the State
of Florida upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; 

 NOW THEREFORE , intending
to be legally bound hereby, the Partners agree as follows: 

 ARTICLE I 

 DEFINITIONS 

 The following terms used
in this Agreement shall (unless otherwise expressly provided herein or unless the context clearly requires otherwise) have the following
meanings: 

 1.1 Additional
Capital Balance . The Additional Capital Contributions, if any, of the General Partner, as reduced from time to time by all cash
distributions to such General Partner which, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, are in reduction of the General Partner s
Additional Capital Balance, and as increased from time to time by any contributions of the General Partner which are Additional Capital
Contributions. 

- 1 - 

1.2 Additional
Capital Contributions . Any additional cash contributions of the General Partner to the capital of the Partnership pursuant to
Section 3.5 hereof. 

 1.3 Agreement .
 This Limited Partnership Certificate and Agreement. 

 1.4 Capital
Balance . The Initial Capital Contribution made by a Partner in cash and the fair market value of any contributions in kind, (as
set forth in this Agreement), as reduced from time to time by all cash distributions to such Partner which, pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement, are in reduction of a Partner s Capital Balance. 

 1.5 Capital
Commitment . The Capital Commitment with respect to any Limited Partner is his obligation to contribute the aggregate amount to
be paid for the Units (computed at the rate of 5,000.00 per Unit) subscribed for by him pursuant to his Subscription Agreement and set
opposite his name on the signature page attached to this Agreement, and with respect to the General Partner, is its obligation to make
its original Capital Contribution pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof. 

 1.6 Initial
Capital Contribution . The Contribution made by each Partner pursuant to its Capital Commitment. 

 1.7 Code . 
The Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended. 

 1.8 General
Partner . The General Partner is FLANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC. or any successor general partner as provided herein. 

 1.9 General
Partner s Capital . The combined total Capital Balance and Additional Capital Balance of the General Partner. 

 1.10 Law . 
The Uniform Limited Partnership Act of the State of Florida in effect from time to time during the term hereof. 

- 2 - 

1.11 Limited
Partner . The Limited Partners hereunder and any such persons admitted to the Partnership as substituted Limited Partners. 

 1.12 Limited
Partners Capital . The total of the Capital Balance of all Limited Partners. 

 1.13 Limited
Partner Percentage . In respect of any Limited Partner the percentage obtained by converting to a percentage the fraction having
the Initial Capital Contribution of such Limited Partner as its numerator and having the Limited Partners Capital as its denominator. 

 1.14 Net
Cash Flow . Net Cash Flow of the Partnership, with respect to a fiscal period, shall mean Net Income of the Partnership for such
period, reduced by (i) any repayments of principal on loans of the Partnership, (excluding General Partner s Loans, the principal
amounts of which are payable out of Net Cash Flow as stated in Article VIII hereof), (ii) any capital expenditures and prepaid expenses
to the extent not included in the determination of Net Income, (iii) any Net Sale Proceeds to the extent included in the determination
of Net Income, and (iv) reasonable additions to a reserve, (as determined in the sole discretion of the General Partner); and increased
by any receipts by the Partnership which are not included in the determination of Net Income. 

 1.15 Net
Income . Net Income of the Partnership with respect to any fiscal period shall mean the excess of the gross sales for such period
over all operating expenses for such period, as those terms are defined herein, determined on an accrual basis and determined without
regard to amounts deducted by the Partnership for cost recovery of tangible assets or amortization of capitalized or other capital accounts. 

- 3 - 

1.16 Net
Loss . Net Loss of the Partnership with respect to any fiscal period shall mean that excess of all operating expenses for such
period over the gross sales for such period, as those terms are defined herein, determined on an accrual basis and determined without
regard to amounts deducted by the Partnership for cost recovery of tangible assets or amortization of capitalized expenditures or other
capital accounts. 

 1.17 Net
Sale Proceeds . The proceeds realized by the Partnership upon the sale, exchange or other disposition of all or any substantial
part of the Partnership property, net of expenses incident to such sale, the payment of any Partnership indebtedness secured by or related
to any such assets and satisfaction of any right of any creditor of the partnership (other than a Partner) to receive such proceeds. 

 1.18 Participation
Percentage . Throughout the term of this Agreement, the Participation Percentage of the Limited Partners is fifty percent (50 (allocated to each Limited Partner in proportion to his Limited Partnership Percentage) and the Participation Percentage of the General
Partner is fifty percent (50 ). 

 1.19 General
Partner s Loans . All amounts loaned by the General Partner to the Partnership pursuant to Section 3.5 hereof. 

 1.20 Subscription
Agreement . The Instrument by which each prospective Limited Partner agrees to purchase Units. 

 1.21 Substitute
Limited Partner . A person admitted to all of the rights of a Limited Partner who has died or assigned his interest in the Partnership,
or in the case of a Limited Partner that is a partnership, joint venture, association, corporation or trust, that has been dissolved or
assigned its interest in the Partnership. 

 1.22 Unit . 
A Unit means an interest of a Limited Partner in the Limited Partners Capital of the Partnership with an original subscription
value of 5,000.00. 

- 4 - 

ARTICLE II 

 THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

 2.1 Formation
of Partnership . The parties hereto agree to form and by execution of this Agreement do hereby enter into a limited partnership
pursuant to Chapter 620, et seq ., of the Florida Statutes, entitled Uniform Limited Partnership Act Law which Law shall govern the rights and liabilities of the parties hereto, except as otherwise herein expressly stated. 

 2.2 Partnership
Name . The name of the Partnership is CIC INVESTORS #85, LTD. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may change the
name of the Partnership at any time and from time to time. The General Partner and the Limited Partners hereto shall promptly execute
and the General Partner shall file and record with the proper offices in each state, including any political subdivision thereof, in which
the Partnership does, or elects to do, business and publish such certificates or other statements or instruments as are required by the
Limited Partnership Law, Beverage Regulations, Fictitious Name Law, Assumed Name Law or any other similar statute in effect from time
to time in such state or political subdivision in order to validly conduct the business of the Partnership therein as a limited partnership. 

 2.3 Character
of Business and Purpose of the Partnership . The business and purpose of the Partnership shall be to own, renovate and operate
a restaurant located at 14301 W. Sunrise Boulevard, Sunrise, Broward County, Florida under the service mark FLANIGAN S
SEAFOOD BAR AND GRILL , (the Business ), but specifically excludes any interest of any kind in the property
owned by the landlord. 

- 5 - 

2.4 Principal
Place of Business . The principal place of business of the Partnership shall be at 5059 NE 18th Avenue, Fort Lauderdale, Florida
33334. The General Partner may change the principal place of business or establish such other place or places of business for the Partnership
as it may, from time to time, deem necessary or appropriate, provided however, that the General Partner shall give the Limited Partners
notice of any change of address of the principal place of business of the Partnership at least ten (10) days prior to any such change. 

 2.5 Term
of Partnership . The Partnership shall commence on the date that this Agreement has been filed in accordance with the provision
of the Law and shall continue until the earlier of the following: 

(i) Failure of the Partners to have a liquor license issued for the Business by the Division of Alcoholic
Beverages and Tobacco within three (3) years of the date of this Agreement; or 

(ii) Revocation of the liquor license for the Business by the Division of Alcoholic Beverage and Tobacco followed
by the inability of the Partners, after the exercise of their best efforts, to cause such liquor license to be reinstated within a ninety
(90) day period; or 

(iii) Dissolution or termination pursuant to the provisions of Article X of this Agreement. 

2.6 Names
and Residences of Partners . 

A. 
 The name and address of the General Partner is: 

Flanigan s Enterprises,
Inc. 

 5059 NE 18th Avenue 

 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33334 

B. The names and places of residences of the Limited Partners are set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto together with those persons who may, from time to time, be admitted by the General Partner as Substitute Limited Partners in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement. 

- 6 - 

2.7 Nature
of Partners Interests . The interests of the Partners in the Partnership shall be personal property for all purposes. All
property owned by the Partnership, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, shall be owned by the Partnership as an entity and
no Partner, individually, shall have any ownership of such property. 

 2.8 Non-Partition . 
No Partner shall be entitled to seek partition of any Partnership property. 

 ARTICLE III 

 CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS; 

 ADDITIONAL CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS; 

 GENERAL PARTNER S LOANS; AND 

 REIMBURSEMENT OF EXCESS CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION 

3.1 General
Partner . The General Partner shall contribute to the Partnership cash in an amount equal to one percent (1 of the total Initial
Contributions of the Partners and other property as set opposite its name on the signature page attached to this Agreement. 

 3.2 Limited
Partners . The Limited Partners Capital shall be measured in terms of Units and a Limited Partner shall contribute 5,000.00
for each Unit purchased. Each Limited Partner shall purchase a minimum of two (2) Units. Each Limited Partner shall contribute to the
Partnership as his Initial Capital Contribution an amount equal to the amount of his Capital Commitment as set forth in the Subscription
Agreement executed by him and set opposite his name on the signature page attached to this Agreement. The amount of Capital Commitment
shall be paid in cash by the Limited Partner upon execution and delivery of the Subscription Agreement. 

- 7 - 

3.3 Capital
Accounts . The Partnership will maintain for each Partner an account to be designated Capital Account , to which will
be added the Partner s Initial Capital Contribution, Additional Capital Contributions and distributive share of the profits of the
Partnership, and against which will be deducted the Partner s distributive share of the losses of the Partnership and all distributions
made to the Partner. A Partner s Capital Account may, at any point in time, be the same as or different from such Partner s
Capital Balance and may have a negative balance resulting from the Partner s share of distributions and losses in excess of the
Partner s Initial Capital Contribution and Additional Capital Contributions. 

 3.4 Use
of Capital Contributions and Loans . The Initial Capital Contributions of the Partners, all proceeds of Partnership borrowings,
and any Additional Capital Contributions or General Partner s Loans made pursuant to this Agreement, shall be used to change and
convert the business premises of the Business to the General Partner s Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill restaurant
concept and as working capital. 

 3.5 Additional
Capital Contributions and General Partner s Loans . 

A. Other
than as expressly set forth in this Article III, no Limited Partner shall be required or permitted to make any Additional Capital Contributions,
Partner s Loans, or other contributions, loans or advances to the Partnership; however, the General Partner may make, in its sole
discretion, Additional Capital Contributions, Loans, or advances to the Partnership. 

- 8 - 

B. If
the General Partner advances any funds to the Partnership after the date of this Agreement (except in the case of Additional Capital Contributions),
such advances will be treated as General Partner s Loans, will not increase the General Partner s Participation Percentage,
and the amount thereof will be a debt due from the Partnership to the General Partner, entitled to the priorities described in Sections
8.1 and 8.2 hereof, to be repaid with such interest as provided. 

 3.6 Withdrawal
of Capital . Prior to the dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership, no Partner shall have the right, during the term of the
Partnership, to require the return of all or any portion of his Initial Capital Contribution, except that distributions made in accordance
with Article VIII may represent in whole or in part a return of capital. Upon any return of partnership capital this Agreement shall be
amended as provided by the Law. 

 3.7 Interest
on Capital Contributions . No interest shall be payable with respect to any capital contributed to the Partnership. 

 3.8 No
Priority Among Limited Partners . No Limited Partner shall have any priority over any other Limited Partner as to the return of
his Initial Capital Contribution or as to compensation by way of income or as to allocation of profits and losses or distributions of
cash. 

 3.9 Excess
Capital Contribution . In the event that the cost to change and convert the business premises of the Business, including both cash
and the fair market value of any property contributed in kind, reasonable reserves and organizational costs hereof do not equal or exceed
Five Million Dollars 5,000,000.00), any excess shall be returned to the Limited Partners, pro-rata, as a partial refund of their Initial
Capital Contribution. Upon any return of partnership capital, this Agreement shall be amended as required by Law. 

- 9 - 

ARTICLE IV 

 LIMITED PARTNERS 

 4.1 Limited
Liability of Limited Partners . No Limited Partner shall be liable for any of the losses, debts or obligations of the Partnership
beyond the amount of his Capital Commitment or be required to contribute any capital beyond his Capital Commitment, or be required to
lend any funds to the Partnership, except that a Limited Partner may be required by law to return any or all of that portion of his Initial
Capital Contribution which has been distributed to him, with interest, if necessary to discharge Partnership liabilities to all creditors
who extended credit or whose claims arose prior to such return of capital. 

 4.2 Restrictions
on Limited Partners . 

 A. No
Limited Partner shall participate in the management and control of the business of the Partnership, transact any business for the Partnership,
or attempt to do so; and 

 B. No
Limited Partner shall have the power to represent, sign for or bind the General Partner or the Partnership. 

 4.3 Rights
and Powers of Limited Partners . 

 A. Any
Limited Partner may engage in or own an interest in any other business ventures which may be engaged in the same or similar businesses
as that of the Partnership. 

 B. Each
Limited Partner shall be entitled to participate in meetings regarding the affairs of the Partnership and to do all other things with
respect to the business and affairs of the Partnership permitted by the Law. 

- 10 - 

4.4 Admission
of Additional Limited Partners . No additional Limited Partners shall be admitted to the Partnership; provided however, that the
General Partner may admit Substitute Limited Partners at any time pursuant to Article IX. 

 ARTICLE V 

 GENERAL PARTNER 

 5.1 Rights
and Powers . 

 A. The
General Partner shall have the full and exclusive discretion, right and power to manage, control and operate the Partnership and to do
all things necessary to operate the Business. The General Partner shall change and convert the existing facility to its Flanigan s
Seafood Bar and Grill restaurant concept. During the term of this Agreement and while the General Partner continues to act in the
capacity of General Partner of the Partnership, and while the Partnership continues to pay a service mark fee equal to three (3 percent
of gross sales from the Business, as provided in Section VII hereof, but not thereafter, the General Partner shall permit the Partnership
to use the service mark Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill for the Business and shall supervise the day to day
operation of the same under the same format and standards as used in its existing Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill 
restaurants. The Business shall include exclusive management of the restaurant located within the business premises for the service of
lunch and dinner each day. 

- 11 - 

B. The
General Partner is specifically authorized and empowered, on behalf of the Partnership, and without any further consent of the Limited
Partners, to do any act or execute any document or enter into any contract or any agreement of any nature necessary or desirable, in the
sole discretion of the General Partner, in pursuance of the business and purposes of the Partnership, including but not limited to the
operation of the Business. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject to the provisions of Section 5.2, the General
Partner shall have the following rights and powers to act on behalf of the Partnership, which it may exercise at the cost, expense and
risk of the Partnership: 

(i) Purchase such furniture, fixtures and equipment and make such leasehold improvements as are required by
the General Partner for the renovation of the business premises of the Business. 

(ii) Place record title to, or the right to use, the property or other assets of the Partnership in the name
or names of a nominee or nominees for any purpose convenient or beneficial to the Partnership. 

(iii) Execute contracts, leases, licenses, options to lease or purchase, rental agreements, concession agreements,
use agreements and the like, of and with respect to Partnership property. 

(iv) Make elections under the tax laws of the United States or any state as to the treatment of Partnership
income, gains, loss, deduction and credit, and as to all relevant matters. 

(v) Provide or contract for such management services as may be required for the operation of the Business,
including but not limited to full payroll services, all accounting and bookkeeping services for the operation of the Business, as an expense
of the Business, (including the preparation and forwarding of monthly sales tax returns, monthly liquor excise taxes and annual federal
partnership returns), and prompt payment of all bills incurred in the normal operation of the Business. 

(vi) Establish overall business policy and objectives. 

(vii) Provide overall executive supervision of operations of the Business. 

(viii) Generally supervise employees and others performing services for the benefit of and in the operation of
the Business. 

(ix) Provide, advise and arrange for advertising, display and sales promotion of the Business. 

- 12 - 

(x) Oversee the operation of the Business in the areas of management, sales and purchasing. 

(xi) Arrange for the supervision of the daily operations of the Business with responsibility for (1) hiring
and firing employees and other service personnel, (2) salary administration and compensation policies, (3) incentive programs, (4) inventory
purchase and control, (5) pricing of all goods and services, (6) business procedures, and (7) controlling daily operational expenses. 

(xii) Keep the Business insured against liability claims arising out of the operation of the restaurant, as
an operating expense of the Business, with insurance coverage in an amount not less than One Million Dollars 1,000.000.00), combined
single limit, including liquor liability and products liability. The General Partner shall cause the Partnership, itself and the landlord
of the business premises, to be named as additional insureds on the liability insurance policy and provide the Partnership, itself and
the landlord of the business premises with Certificates of Insurance as evidence of its compliance with the provisions hereof. 

(xiii) Purchase and maintain worker s compensation insurance for the employees of the Business, as an operating
expense of the Business. 

(xiv) Keep the business premises reasonably insured against damage by fire and other casualty and maintain insurance
in accordance with the provisions of the Lease for the business premises. The General Partner shall cause the Partnership, itself and
the landlord of the business premises to be named as additional insureds on the property insurance policy and provide the Partnership,
itself and the landlord of the business premises with Certificates of Insurance as evidence of its compliance with the provisions hereof. 

(xv) Keep the personal property, fixtures and equipment of the Business reasonably insured against damage by
fire and other casualty, in an amount equal to its highest insurable value, with replacement cost endorsement, as an expense of the Business. 

(xvi) Keep the Business reasonably insured against loss of business due to fire and other casualty with business
interruption insurance, in an amount to be determined by the General Partner, as an expense of the Business. 

(xvii) Arrange and pay all charges for telephone services, all utilities, including without limitation, electrical,
gas and water, and cable or other electronic transmission necessary for operation of the Business, as an expense of the Business. 

- 13 - 

(xviii) Arrange for trash collection and removal from the Business, as an expense of the Business. 

(xix) Make all normal repairs and replacements to the kitchen equipment and interior, external, non-structural
and structural repairs and replacements of the Business and the business premises, in order to keep the same in good condition and good
working order to the extent that the General Partner deems it necessary and in accordance with the provisions of the Lease for the business
premises. 

(xx) To pay, collect, compromise, arbitrate, resort to legal action or otherwise adjust claims or demands of
or against the Partnership. 

(xxi) To borrow money for any Partnership purpose and to make all required payments of principal and interest
with respect thereto. 

(xxii) To timely comply with and abide by all of those obligations, terms, covenants and conditions imposed upon
the Partnership as tenant of the Lease for the business premises of the Business, including but not limited to the timely payment of rent,
as an expense of the Business. 

(xxiii) To promptly comply with, execute and fulfill all governmental statutes, ordinances and regulations applicable
to the Partnership in connection with the Business, including without limitation, all orders and requirements imposed by the Board of
Health, sanitation, fire and police departments including without exception those for the correction, prevention and abatement of nuisances
in or upon or connected with the business premises of the Business, as an expense of the Business. 

The General Partner shall
be responsible for the procurement and hiring of all employees, agents and independent contractors required for on site operation on a
day-to-day basis including, but not limited to, a manager. The General Partner shall control all of the day-to-day operations of the Business
and shall handle all negotiations, complaints, objections and other matters involving the operation of the Business, the patrons of the
Business, and the employees and staff or any sublessee of or operator of any portion of the Business in connection with activities at
the Business. The General Partner shall hire, instruct, maintain and supervise personnel to properly staff the Business and shall maintain
the Business, the interior, exterior, non-structural and structural portions of the building it occupies, its fixtures and its premises
in a reasonable manner and condition, keeping it clean and serviceable, including arranging for janitorial services as an expense of the
Business. The General Partner shall have the full responsibility to collect for all services and sales from the Business, except as hereinafter
provided, to daily deposit all receipts in bank account(s) designated by the General Partner, shall arrange for advertising for the Business
to the extent deemed desirable by the General Partner and maintain all necessary licenses, including liquor license, and permits required
in connection with the operation of the Business. The cost of such activities, including license renewal fees, incurred for the Business
shall be borne by the Business. 

- 14 - 

In discharging the foregoing
duties, the General Partner shall act and conduct the Business in a reasonable manner. In order for the General Partner to have the greatest
opportunity to discharge such duties and to maximize profits from the Business, the Limited Partners shall cooperate fully with the General
Partner and shall promptly provide the General Partner with all information and assistance as the General Partner may reasonably request
pursuant to this Agreement. The General Partner shall devote such time to the Business as, in its judgment, the supervision of the Business
shall reasonably require, but shall not be obligated to do or perform any act or thing in connection with the Business not expressly set
forth herein. 

 5.2 Certain
Limitations . In addition to other acts expressly prohibited by this Agreement or by the Law, the General Partner shall not have
any authority to: 

 A. Do
any act in contravention of this Agreement; 

 B. Do
any act which would make it impossible to operate the Business or to otherwise carry on the ordinary business of the Partnership or any
phase thereof, except as expressly provided in this Agreement; 

- 15 - 

C. Assign
the rights of the Partnership in specific property for other than a Partnership purpose; 

 D. Admit
a person or entity as a General Partner or as a Limited Partner, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement; 

 E. Knowingly
or willingly do any act which would cause the Partnership to become an association taxable as a corporation; 

 5.3 Contracts
with Affiliates . Except as herein specified, all services which the General Partner is not obligated to perform under the terms
of this Agreement and the materials necessary for the operation of the Business may be provided by the General Partner, or any entity
affiliated with the General Partner, and the General Partner shall be compensated for such services or materials on such terms and conditions
no less favorable than those obtainable in the marketplace, and such amounts shall be deemed to be operating expenses of the Business. 

 5.4 Liability
of General Partner . The General Partner shall be liable to the Limited Partners for willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence,
but shall not be liable for errors in judgment or for any acts or omissions that do not constitute willful misconduct, bad faith or gross
negligence. In all transactions for or with the Partnership, the General Partner shall act in good faith and for the benefit of the Partnership.
The Limited Partners shall look solely to the assets of the Partnership for the return of their Initial Capital Contributions and if the
assets of the Partnership remaining after payment or discharge of the debts and liabilities of the Partnership are insufficient to return
such Initial Capital Contributions, they shall have no recourse against the General Partner for such purpose. The doing of any act or
the failure to do any act by the General Partner, the effect of which may cause or result in loss or damage of the Partnership, if done
pursuant to advise of legal counsel or accountants employed by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership, shall be conclusively
presumed not to constitute willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence on the part of the General Partner. 

- 16 - 

5.5 Indemnification . 
The General Partner, including any employee of the General Partner, shall not be liable for, and to the extent of its assets, the Partnership
shall indemnify the General Partner or any such employee, against liabilities arising out of their activities as or for the General Partner
resulting from errors in judgment or any acts or omissions, whether or not disclosed, unless caused by willful misconduct, bad faith or
gross negligence; provided, however, that this provision shall not constitute a waiver by the Limited Partners of any rights it may have
under applicable securities laws. 

 ARTICLE VI 

 ALLOCATION OF PROFITS AND LOSSES 

 6.1 General . 
All Partnership items of income, gain, loss, deduction, credits, or tax preference items, (the Tax Incidents ), shall
be determined as of the end of each fiscal year. As between a Partner and his transferee, Tax Incidents for any fiscal year (or portion
thereof, as the case may be) shall be apportioned in accordance with the ratio that the number of days in the Partnership fiscal year
prior to the effective date of transfer bears to the number of such days thereafter (including the effective date of the transfer). 

 6.2 Allocation . 
The Tax Incidents shall be allocated as follows: 

- 17 - 

A. Cost
recovery deductions, amortization expense (including amortization of organizational expenses, start up costs, intangible assets, or other
capital accounts), investment tax credits (including recapture of investment tax credits), and tax preference items shall be allocated
ninety-nine percent (99 to the Limited Partners and one percent (1 to the General Partner (in proportion to each Partner s Initial
Capital Contribution), if incurred with respect to the expenditure by the Partnership of the aggregate Initial Capital Contributions of
the Partners, (which shall be deemed expended prior to any other amounts available to the Partnership), otherwise to the Partners in accordance
with their respective Participation Percentages. 

 B. Gains
and losses from (i) sale, exchange or other disposition of all or any substantial part of the Partnership property, or (ii) from liquidation
of the Partnership property following dissolution, as the case may be, shall be allocated on an asset by asset basis, as follows: 

(1) Gains, to the extent of cost recovery deductions or amortization expense claimed by the Partnership with
respect to the particular Partnership assets which are sold, exchanged or otherwise disposed of, shall be allocated ninety-nine percent
(99 to the Limited Partners and one percent (1 to the General Partner (in proportion to each Partner s Initial Capital Contribution),
if realized with respect to an asset acquired by the Partnership through the expenditure of the aggregate Initial Capital Contributions
of the Partners, (which shall be deemed expended prior to any other amounts available to the Partnership), otherwise to the Partners in
accordance with their respective Participation Percentages; 

(2) Gains in excess of cost recovery deductions or amortization expense claimed by the Partnership with respect
to the particular Partnership assets which are sold, exchanged or otherwise disposed of, shall be allocated to all Partners in the same
proportion that the Partners actually receive distributions of proceeds from Net Sale Proceeds as provided in Section 8.2 hereof, (except
distributions pursuant to Section 8.2(a)); and 

(3) All losses shall be allocated ninety-nine percent (99 to the Limited Partners and one percent (1 to
the General Partner (in proportion to each Partner s Initial Capital Contribution), if realized with respect to an asset acquired
by the Partnership through the expenditure of the aggregate Initial Capital Contributions of the Partners, (which shall be deemed expended
prior to any other amounts available to the Partnership), otherwise to the Partners in accordance with their respective Participation
Percentages. 

- 18 - 

C. All
Tax Incidents other than those specifically allocated by subparagraph (A) and (B), Other Tax Incidents ), shall be
allocated to the Partners in the same proportion that the Partners actually receive in that same fiscal year cash distributions from Net
Cash Flow as provided in Section 8.2 hereof, (except cash distributions pursuant to Section 8.2(a)), (the Cash Distributions ),
provided nevertheless as follows: 

(1) Other Tax Incidents shall be allocated in any fiscal year to the Partners so receiving Cash Distributions
in the same proportion that such Cash Distributions actually are received only if such Cash Distributions actually distributed equal or
are greater than the Partnership s Net Income for the same fiscal year; 

(2) To the extent the Partnership s Net Income for that same fiscal year exceeds such Cash Distributions,
Other Tax Incidents shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages, except that (i)
Net Income, in an amount equal to Cash Distributions actually received, shall be allocated to the Partners so receiving such Cash Distributions
in the same proportion that such Cash Distributions actually are received, and (ii) any excess of Net Income over Cash Distributions actually
received shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages; 

(3) In the absence of any such Cash Distributions the Other Tax Incidents shall be allocated to the Partners
in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages; and 

(4) Notwithstanding clauses (1) and (2) of this Subparagraph (C), Net Loss, (whether or not Cash Distributions
are actually made), shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages. 

- 19 - 

ARTICLE VII 

 ACCOUNTING 

 7.1 Accounting
and Bookkeeping . The General Partner shall prepare and keep, for a period of not less than three (3) years, generally accepted
accounting records, including cash registers having cumulative totals, bank books and duplicate deposit slips, records showing inventories
and receipts of merchandise and other records from the operation of the Business which would normally be required to be kept or examined
by an independent accountant pursuant to generally accepted auditing standards. The Limited Partners shall at all times during normal
business hours have free access to and the right to inspect and copy the accounting records of the Business and/or Partnership, at the
principal place of business of the Partnership. 

 The General Partner, as an
expense of the Business, shall prepare for the Partnership and provide the Limited Partners with a complete monthly accounting of the
operation of the Business on a form similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C , within thirty (30) days of the end of
each month during the term hereof. The monthly report shall also contain a statement of cumulative gross sales from the operation of the
Business for the current year of this Agreement for purposes of determining any distributions pursuant to Article VIII below. The General
Partner shall also provide copies of such other accounting records as may be reasonably requested by the Limited Partners and the Limited
Partners may inspect the originals thereof at any reasonable time. 

 The General Partner shall
mail within seventy- five (75) days after the close of each fiscal year, an annual report to the Limited Partners, which annual report
shall constitute the accounting of the Partnership for such year. The annual report shall contain unaudited financial statements, certified
by the Treasurer of the General Partner as accurate and correct, and shall otherwise be in such form and have such content as the General
Partner deems proper. Such annual report shall include from every source, including net gains from disposition or sale of Partnership
properties. 

- 20 - 

Subject to the right of the
Limited Partners to receive their share of the distributions pursuant to Article VIII hereof, all receipts from the operation of the Business,
deposited into an account of the Partnership and/or the General Partner at a bank designated by the General Partner, shall only be withdrawn
upon the direction of the General Partner, but cannot be unreasonably withheld. The Partners anticipate that payment of liquor purchases,
payroll and general operations may be made from one or more additional accounts at one or more banks, selected by the General Partner.
Funds from those accounts shall only be withdrawn by or at the direction of the General Partner. 

 7.2 Fiscal
Year and Method of Accounting . The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be a calendar year and the books of the Partnership for
income tax and accounting purposes shall be kept on the accrual method. All financial determinations hereunder made by the General Partner
with respect to the calculation of profits and losses, all distributions pursuant to Article VIII and other accounting decisions shall
be determined by the General Partner in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied by the General Partner
in making said determinations. 

 7.3 Audit . 
The Limited Partners shall have the right from time to time, upon two (2) business days prior notice to the General Partner, to cause
a complete audit to be made of the business affairs conducted at the Business, and all of the books and records referred to in Article
VII hereof. Such audit shall be performed by any person designated, selected and paid for by the Limited Partners, except as otherwise
provided herein. The General Partner shall make all records and books relevant in any manner to the operation at the Business and/or Partnership
available for audit at 5059 NE 18th Avenue, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33334. If the results of such audit show that the Net Income 
for any month or year have been understated, the General Partner shall immediately pay to the Limited Partners the additional amount due
and if such understatement amounts to three percent (3 or more of Net Income , then the General Partner shall pay the cost
of such audit, in addition to any deficiency payment required. If the audit shows that the General Partner has overpaid or the Limited
Partners have received overpayment of any amount, the Limited Partners shall immediately repay such amount to the General Partner. Any
accounting deficiencies revealed by such audit, which accounting deficiencies shall be defined as any accounting practices not in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, shall be corrected by the General Partner within fifteen (15) days
of its receipt of notice of such deficiency. 

- 21 - 

7.4 Definitions . 

 A. Gross
Sales shall mean the gross income, price, money, cover charges, or other consideration charged or received from the operation of
the Business, whether in cash, on credit, barter, exchange, or otherwise. 

 Gross sales as used herein
shall not include, and the General Partner shall deduct from its calculations of gross sales, to the extent it has been included: 

(i) Any sales or excise tax imposed by any governmental authority upon customers and added to the price of
a sale or service and collected from the customer and in turn paid to such governmental authority; 

(ii) The amount of any credit or refund for any merchandise returned or exchanged or any allowance made for
loss of or damage to merchandise sold but not in excess of original cost and only to the extent that it was previously included in the
calculation of gross sales; 

- 22 - 

(iii) Fees or discounts paid to bona fide credit card agencies; 

(iv) Amounts paid to third party vending machine and coin operated devise operators as their share of proceeds
from such machines and device; and 

(v) Complimentary and/or discounted sales made at the direction of the General Partner, including but not
limited to discounted sales to the employees of the Business. 

B. Operating
Expenses shall mean all cash expenses and liabilities incurred in the operation of the Business, and shall include, by way of example
and without limitation hereby, rent, service mark fee, personal property taxes on personal property, fixtures and equipment used in the
Business; liability insurance; real estate taxes; hazard insurance; trash collections; cleaning services; accounting and bookkeeping fees;
advertising; telephone charges; utilities, including but not limited to electric, water and gas; cable; salaries for personnel employed
at the business premises only; repairs and maintenance of kitchen equipment, furniture, fixtures, equipment and personal property used
in the Business; repairs and maintenance of the interior and exterior of the business premises; cost of inventory; liquor license renewal
fees; but excluding any allocation of salaries and expenses of off-site personnel of the General Partner. 

 7.5 Tax
Matters . 

 A. The
General Partner shall cause, as a part of its bookkeeping and accounting responsibilities, to be prepared and filed all income tax returns
for the Partnership on an accrual basis. Necessary tax information shall be provided to the Limited Partners. 

- 23 - 

B. In
connection with the assignment of a Limited Partner s interest in the Partnership permitted by Article X hereof, the General Partner,
(in its sole discretion), shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, on behalf of the Partnership and at the time and in the manner
provided by Section 754 of the Code, (or any successor section thereto), and the Regulations thereunder, to make an election to adjust
the basis of Partnership property in the manner provided in Sections 734(b) and 743(b) of the Code, (or any successor sections thereto). 

 7.6 Contracting
for Accounting Services . The General Partner shall, as an expense of the Business, provide the accounting and bookkeeping services
provided in this Article VII at the same rate charged to its other franchisees. 

 ARTICLE VIII 

 DISTRIBUTIONS 

 8.1 Distributions
of Net Cash Flow . All Net Cash Flow, if any, realized by or available to the Partnership shall first be applied or added to a
reasonable reserve retained for working capital needs or to provide funds for contingencies and expenses of the Partnership, (all as determined
in the sole discretion of the General Partner or as required by any loan agreement or instrument of the Partnership), and the balance,
if any, shall be distributed, (from time to time in the sole discretion of the General Partner, but in the event, no less frequently than
quarterly), in the following order of priority to the extent available: 

 A. To
the General Partner in repayment of the entire principal amounts of any outstanding General Partner s loans, together with all accrued
but unpaid interest thereon, first on account of interest accrued thereon and then on account of the principal amounts thereof; 

- 24 - 

B. To
the General Partner in reduction of its then outstanding Additional Capital Balance; 

 C. To
the Limited Partners, until such time as the Limited Partners have received the aggregate sum of Five Million Dollars 5,000,000.00),
which aggregate sum shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount of initial working capital returned by the Partnership to the Limited
Partners, a sum equal to the amount necessary to increase the aggregate distribution to the Limited Partners for the fiscal year to One
Million Two Hundred Fifty Thousand Dollars 1,250,000.00) shall be paid to the Limited Partners. Thereafter, any remaining amounts shall
be distributed to the Partners in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages; and 

 D. Once
the Limited Partners have received the aggregate sum of Five Million Dollars 5,000,000.00), which aggregate sum shall be reduced by
an amount equal to the amount of initial working capital returned by the Partnership to the Limited Partners, any remaining amounts shall
be distributed to the Partners in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages. 

 8.2 Distributions
of Net Sale Proceeds . All Net Sale Proceeds, if any, realized by or available to the Partnership shall first be applied or added
to a reasonable reserve or escrow account retained to provide funds for contingencies and expenses of the Partnership, (all as determined
by the General Partner or as required by any loan, escrow or other agreement or instrument of the Partnership), and the balance, if any,
shall be distributed in the following order of priority to the extent available: 

 A. To
the General Partner, in repayment of the entire principal amounts of any outstanding General Partner s loans, together with all
accrued but unpaid interest thereon, first on account of interest accrued thereon and then on account of the principal amounts thereof; 

- 25 - 

B. To
the General Partner in reduction of its then outstanding Additional Capital Balance, except as provided in Subparagraph E. of this section; 

 C. To
the Partners in reduction of their then outstanding Capital Balances, (in proportion to the respective amounts of any such Capital Balances),
except as provided in Subparagraph E. of this section; 

 D. Any
remaining amounts (i) fifty one percent (51 thereof to the Limited Partners and (ii) forty nine percent (49 to the General Partner;
and 

 E. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the above priority order, if there is an insufficient balance available to fully return to each Partner an amount equal
to his then outstanding Capital Balance, the balance, if any, shall be distributed to the Partners in proportion to the combined amount
of their then outstanding Capital Balance. 

 ARTICLE IX 

 TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP
INTERESTS 

 9.1 General
Partner . 

- 26 - 

A. The
General Partner shall not sell, assign, or otherwise dispose of all or any portion of its interest as General Partner in the Partnership,
or enter into any agreement as a result of which any person, firm or corporation shall become interested with it in its interest in the
Partnership without the prior consent in writing of the Limited Partners. No person shall be admitted as a substitute or additional General
Partner without the prior written consent of the General Partner and the Limited Partners as set forth herein. The General Partner may
not retire or withdraw as a General Partner unless it designates a nominee willing to serve as a General Partner which shall be an individual
or corporation having the capacity to serve as such and who is able to meet any requirements then imposed by the Code or any rulings or
regulations thereunder with respect to general partners or limited partnerships in order that the Partnership not become an association
taxable as a corporation. Subject to the foregoing, the General Partner shall give the Limited Partners at least ninety (90) days notice
of its proposed retirement or withdrawal as General Partner, in which event the Partnership shall be dissolved and terminated as provided
in Article X hereof unless the Limited Partners select a new General Partner within said ninety (90) day period. Such new General Partner
may be, but need not be, the nominee designated by the retiring or withdrawing General Partner. 

 B. The
General Partner shall immediately be removed and cease to be a General Partner upon the dissolution of the General Partner. 

 9.2 Substitute
Limited Partner . A Limited Partner or the transferee of a Limited Partner may transfer all, but not a part of his Unit(s) to a
Substitute Limited Partner provided: 

 A. That
the transferee, if an individual, is at least 21 years of age; 

 B. That
the transferee executes an instrument satisfactory to the General Partner accepting and adopting the provisions and agreements set forth
herein and pays any reasonable expenses in connection with his admission as a Substitute Limited Partner; and 

 C. That
the General Partner shall consent to such transfer, which consent may be given or withheld in the General Partner s sole discretion,
and shall be withheld if: 

- 27 - 

(1) In the opinion of counsel for the Partnership such transfer would result in the close of the Partnership s
taxable year with respect to all Partners, in the termination of the Partnership within the meaning of Section 708(b) of the Code, or
in the termination of its status as a partnership under the Code; or 

(2) In the opinion of such counsel such transfer would be in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. 

9.3 Death,
etc. of a Limited Partner . Upon the death, bankruptcy, legal incompetency or insolvency of a Limited Partner, (or, in the case
of a Limited Partner that is a partnership, joint venture, association, corporation or trust, the dissolution of such Limited Partner),
the personal representative, guardian or other successor in interest of such Limited Partner shall have the right of the Limited Partner
for the sole purpose of settling the estate of such person pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.2, but such assignee may become a Substitute
Limited Partner in the Partnership only in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2. 

 9.4 Effective
Date of Transfers . Permissible transfers of a Limited Partner s Units shall be effective for purposes of allocations of
distributions, profits and losses on the first day of the fiscal quarter following compliance with Section 9.2 and following amendment
of this Agreement as required by the Law. Until such effective date, the General Partner may act and proceed as if no transfer had been
made. 

 9.5 Transfers
Other Than in Accordance Herewith . No transfers of Units or any part thereof which is in violation of this Article IX shall be
valid or effective, and the Partnership shall not recognize the same for the purposes of making allocations or distributions of profits,
losses, return of Capital Contribution or other distribution with respect to such Units or part thereof. The Partnership may enforce this
provision either directly or indirectly or through its agents by entering an appropriate stop-transfer order on its books or otherwise
refusing to register or transfer or permit the registration or transfer on its books of any proposed transfers not in accordance with
this Article IX. 

- 28 - 

ARTICLE X 

 DISSOLUTION AND SUCCESSOR PARTNERSHIP 

 10.1 Dissolution
of Partnership . The Partnership shall be dissolved upon the earlier occurrence of any of the following events: 

 A. The
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of the General Partner; 

 B. Upon
the written consent of all Partners; 

 C. The
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership; 

 D. Pursuant
to the provisions of Article II and IX hereof; or 

 E. Otherwise
by operation of law. 

 10.2 Successor
Partnership . If the Partnership is dissolved or to be dissolved for any reason specified in Section 10.1, and any Limited Partner
shall deliver to each of the other Limited Partners within thirty (30) days of such event, a written notice demanding that a meeting of
Limited Partners be held at the principal place of business of the Partnership at the time set forth in such notice (which shall be not
less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice) the Limited Partners shall hold such meeting. Limited
Partners attending such meeting, either in person or by proxy, and having an aggregate Limited Partner Percentage of not less than one
hundred percent (100 may continue the business of the Partnership and reconstitute the Partnership as a successor limited partnership
with a new General Partner having the capacity to serve as such and who is able to meet any requirements then imposed by the Code or any
rulings or regulations thereunder with respect to general partners of limited partnerships in order that the Partnership not become an
association taxable as a corporation. If such Limited Partners shall exercise such right to continue the business of the Partnership,
the person appointed by them as the new General Partner and each of the Limited Partners shall execute, acknowledge and file a Limited
Partnership Certificate and Agreement. The Limited Partnership Certificate and Agreement shall contain substantially the same provisions
as those contained herein, except that the new General Partner shall be allocated such share of the profits, losses and distributions
of the Partnership as the Limited Partners appointing such new General Partner shall determine. Such new General Partner shall indicate
his acceptance of the appointment by the execution of such Limited Partnership Certificate and Agreement. 

- 29 - 

10.3 Procedure . 
Unless the Business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 10.2, upon the dissolution of the Partnership, the General Partner
or the person required by law to wind up the Partnership s affairs shall cause the cancellation of this Agreement and shall liquidate
the assets of the Partnership and apply the proceeds of such liquidation in the order of priority provided in Article VIII of this Agreement,
unless the law requires distribution be made in a different order in which case the assets of the Partnership shall be distributed in
accordance with the law. 

 ARTICLE XII 

 LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY 

 12.1 Appointment . 
Each Limited Partner hereby makes, constitutes and appoints the General Partner his true and lawful attorney-in-fact for him and in his
name, place and stead and for his use and benefit, from time to time: 

- 30 - 

A. To
make all agreements amending this Agreement, as now or hereafter amended, that may be appropriate to reflect or effect, as the case may
be, the following: 

(1) A change of the name or the location of the principal place of business of the Partnership; 

(2) The transfer or acquisition of any Units by a Limited Partner in any manner permitted by this Agreement; 

(3) A person becoming a Substitute Limited Partner of the Partnership as permitted by this Agreement; 

(4) A change in any provision of this Agreement effected by the exercise by any person of any right or rights
hereunder; 

(5) The dissolution of the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement; 

(6) Such amendments which are of an inconsequential nature and do not affect the rights of the Limited Partners
in any material respect; 

(7) To execute such certificates, instruments and documents as may be required or may be appropriate in connection
with the use of the name of the Partnership by the Partnership; and/or 

(8) To execute such certificates, instruments and documents as may be required, or as may be appropriate for
the Limited Partner to make to reflect: 

(a) 
 A change in the name or address of such Limited Partner; 

(b) Any changes in or amendments of this Agreement, or pertaining to the Partnership, of any kind referred
to in this Section 12.1; and 

(c) Any other changes in or amendments of this Agreement but only if and when the consent thereto has been
obtained from the General Partner and Limited Partners, having the aggregate Limited Partnership Percentage required by Section 13.6 hereof. 

- 31 - 

B. Each
of the agreements, certificates, instruments and documents made pursuant to Section 12.1(A) shall be in such form as the General Partner
and counsel for the Partnership shall deem appropriate. The powers conferred by Section 12.1(A) to execute agreements, certificates, instruments
and documents, shall be deemed to include without limitation the powers to sign, acknowledge, swear to, verify, deliver, file, record
or publish the same. 

 C. Each
Limited Partner authorizes the General Partner as such attorney-in-fact to take any further action which the General Partner shall consider
necessary or advisable in connection with any action taken pursuant to this Section 12.1 hereby giving the General Partner as such attorney-in-fact
full power and authority to do and perform each and every act or thing whatsoever requisite or advisable to be done in and about any action
taken pursuant to this Section 12.1 as fully as such Limited Partner might or could do if personally present, and hereby ratifying and
confirming all that the General Partner as such attorney-in-fact shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue of this Section. 

 12.2 Irrevocability;
Manner of Exercise . The power of attorney granted pursuant to Section 12.1: 

 A. Is
a special power of attorney coupled with an interest and is irrevocable; 

 B. May
be exercised by the General Partner as such attorney-in-fact by listing all of the Limited Partners executing any agreement, certificate,
instrument or document with the single signature of the President or any Vice President of the General Partner acting as attorney-in-fact
for all of them; and 

 C. Shall
survive the transfer by a Limited Partner of all or a portion of his interest in the Partnership, except that where the purchaser, transferee
or assignee thereof with the consent of the General Partner is admitted as a Substitute Limited Partner, the power of attorney shall survive
the transfer for the sole purpose of enabling such attorney-in-fact to execute, acknowledge and file any such agreement, certificate,
instrument or document necessary to effect such substitution. 

- 32 - 

ARTICLE XIII 

 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

 13.1 Notices . 
All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to the Agreement shall in the case of notices or communications
required or permitted to be given to Limited Partners, be in writing and shall be considered as properly given or made if personally delivered
or if mailed by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or if sent by prepaid telegram,
and addressed to such Limited Partner s address for notices as it appears on the records of the Partnership, and in the case of
notices or communications required or permitted to be given to the General Partner, shall be in writing and shall be considered as properly
given or made if personally delivered or if mailed by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed to the General Partner at the principal place of business of the Partnership. Any Limited Partner may change his address for
notices by giving notice in writing, stating his new address for notices, to the General Partner, and the General Partner may change its
address for notices by giving such notice to all Limited Partners. Commencing on the tenth (10th) day after the giving of such notice,
such newly designated address shall be such Partner s address for the purpose of all notices or other communications required or
permitted to be given pursuant to the Agreement. 

- 33 - 

13.2 Choice
of Law . This Agreement and all rights and liabilities of the parties hereto with reference to the Partnership shall be subject
to, construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Florida. To the extent that any provision hereof is in contravention
with the Law, as in effect from time to time, the provisions of the Law shall supersede and replace any provision herein which is in contravention
thereof. Additionally, the appropriate forum and jurisdiction for any legal action shall be the Courts of the County of Broward, State
of Florida, and each party consents to such jurisdiction. 

 13.3 Titles
and Captions . All article, section and subsection titles or captions contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience
only and are not deemed part of the text hereof. 

 13.4 Sole
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

 13.5 Execution
in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all parties had all signed
the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute one (1) agreement. 

 13.6 Amendments . 
The General Partner may submit to the Partners in writing the text of any proposed amendment to this Agreement and a statement by the
proposer of the purpose of such amendment. The General Partner shall include in any submission its view as to the proposed amendment.
Any such amendment shall be adopted if, within ninety (90) days after the notice of such amendment is given to all Partners, the General
Partner shall have approved such amendment in writing and shall have received written approval thereof from Limited Partners having a
Limited Partnership Percentage aggregating eighty percent (80 or more. A written approval may not be withdrawn or voided once it is
filed with the General Partner. A Limited Partner filing a written objection may thereafter file a valid written approval. The date of
adoption of an amendment pursuant to this Section 13.6 shall be the date on which the General Partner shall have received the requisite
written approvals. Any proposed amendment which is not adopted may be resubmitted. In the event any proposed amendment is not adopted,
any written approval received with respect thereto shall become void and shall not be effective with respect to any resubmission of the
proposed amendment. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 13.6, no amendment may, without the prior written approval
of all Partners; 

- 34 - 

A. Enlarge
the obligations of any Partner under this Agreement; 

 B. Enlarge
the liability of the General Partner to the Limited Partners; 

 C. Amend
this Article 13.6; 

 D. Alter
the Partnership in such manner as will result in the Partnership no longer being classified as a limited partnership for Federal income
tax purposes; or 

 E. Reduce
any requirements for the prior approval of Substitute Limited Partners set forth in this Agreement. 

 13.7 Waiver
of Action for Partition . Each of the parties hereto irrevocably waives during the term of the Partnership any right that he may
have to maintain any action for partition with respect to the property of the Partnership. 

 13.8 Assignability . 
Subject to the restrictions on transferability contained herein, each and all of the covenants, terms, provisions and agreements herein
contained shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors, assigns and legal representatives of the respective parties
hereto. 

 13.9 Independent
Activities . Except as otherwise provided herein, the General Partner and its affiliates, and its (and its affiliates ),
officers, directors, shareholders and employees, and each Limited Partner may, notwithstanding the existence of this Agreement, engage
in whatever activities they choose, whether the same be competitive with the Business of the Partnership or otherwise, without having
or incurring any obligation to offer any interest in such activities to any party hereto. Neither this Agreement nor any activity undertaken
pursuant hereto shall prevent such persons from engaging in such activities, and as a material part of the consideration for the General
Partner s execution hereof, each Limited Partner hereby waives, relinquishes and renounces any such right or claim of participation.
Nothing in the foregoing, however, shall be deemed to reduce any of the liabilities of the General Partner under this Agreement. 

- 35 - 

13.10 Right
to Rely on Authority of General Partner . No person dealing with the General Partner shall be required to determine its authority
to make any undertaking on behalf of the Partnership, nor to determine any fact or circumstance bearing upon the existence of its authority. 

 13.11 Arbitration . 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be determined
and settled by arbitration in the City of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association
then in effect, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Except
as set forth in Sections 5.4 and 5.5, the expenses of the arbitration shall be borne equally by the parties to the arbitration. 

 13.12 Gender
and Number . Whenever the context requires, the gender of all words used herein shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter
and the singular and plural of all words shall include the singular and plural. 

- 36 - 

13.13 Meetings . 
The Partnership shall hold an annual meeting in each fiscal year of its existence on such date and at such place and time as the General
Partner shall determine, notice of the date and time to be given to all Limited Partners whose addresses are on record with the General
Partner not later than fourteen (14) days prior to such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time or from time to time, Limited
Partners having a Limited Partner Percentage aggregating fifty percent (50 may by written notice to the General Partner specifying in
general terms the subject to be considered require the General Partner to call, or the General Partner may on its own motion call, a special
meeting of the Limited Partners and the General Partner shall within ten (10) days after any such notice is given, give notice of such
special meeting in the same manner as is required for the annual meeting including in such notice a copy of the notice requiring the call.
Any Limited Partner shall have the right, upon notice in writing, to require the General Partner to furnish by mail a list of the names,
addresses and respective interest in the Partnership of all other Limited Partners in the Partnership as shown on the records of the Partnership
at the time of the notice. Any Limited Partner, or his representative, shall have the right to inspect and copy the names and addresses
of all other Limited Partners in the Partnership. 

 13.14 Severability . 
If any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, shall, for any reason and to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable,
or contrary to law, the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances shall not
be affected thereby, but rather shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. 

- 37 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
this Limited Partnership Certificate and Agreement has 

been sworn to and executed as of the date above
written. 

GENERAL PARTNER: 

FLANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC. 

/s/ Jordan Paz 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey D. Kastner, CFO Sec y 

Jeffrey D. Kastner , CFO Secretary 
 
 /s/ Paul Limperis 

STATE OF FLORIDA ss: 

 COUNTY OF BROWARD 

The foregoing instrument
was acknowledged before me this date by JEFFREY D. KASTNER , as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of FLANIGAN S ENTERPRISES,
INC. on behalf of the said corporation. He is personally known to me or produced ________________ as identification. 

 WITNESS my hand and
official seal on this the 4th day of April ________, 2019. 

/s/ Jordan Paz 

NOTARY PUBLIC - State of Florida 

My commission expires: 

SEE SIGNATURE PAGES FOR LIMITED PARTNERS ATTACHED
HERETO 

 (Signature Pages Intentionally
Omitted) 

- 38 - 

</EX-10.GG>

<EX-10.HH>
 3
 ex10hh.htm
 EX-10.HH

Exhibit 10(hh) 

LIMITED PARTNERSHIP CERTIFICATE AND AGREEMENT 

THIS LIMITED PARTNERSHIP
CERTIFICATE AND AGREEMENT , (the Agreement ), made and entered into this _ 21st _ day of September, 2021, by and
among FLANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC. , a Florida corporation, (the General Partner ), and all other parties
who shall execute this Agreement or any counterpart thereof, collectively, (the Limited Partners ). The Limited Partners,
as constituted from time to time, and the General Partner are sometimes herein collectively referred to as the Partners . 

W I T N E S S E T H : 

 WHEREAS , the Partners
desire to form a limited partnership (the Partnership pursuant to the Uniform Limited Partnership Act of the State
of Florida upon the terms and conditions hereinafter set forth; 

 NOW THEREFORE , intending
to be legally bound hereby, the Partners agree as follows: 

 ARTICLE I 

 DEFINITIONS 

 The following terms used
in this Agreement shall (unless otherwise expressly provided herein or unless the context clearly requires otherwise) have the following
meanings: 

 1.1 Additional
Capital Balance . The Additional Capital Contributions, if any, of the General Partner, as reduced from time to time by all cash
distributions to such General Partner which, pursuant to the terms of this Agreement, are in reduction of the General Partner s
Additional Capital Balance, and as increased from time to time by any contributions of the General Partner which are Additional Capital
Contributions. 

- 1 - 

1.2 Additional
Capital Contributions . Any additional cash contributions of the General Partner to the capital of the Partnership pursuant to
Section 3.5 hereof. 

 1.3 Agreement .
 This Limited Partnership Certificate and Agreement. 

 1.4 Capital
Balance . The Initial Capital Contribution made by a Partner in cash and the fair market value of any contributions in kind, (as
set forth in this Agreement), as reduced from time to time by all cash distributions to such Partner which, pursuant to the terms of this
Agreement, are in reduction of a Partner s Capital Balance. 

 1.5 Capital
Commitment . The Capital Commitment with respect to any Limited Partner is his obligation to contribute the aggregate amount to
be paid for the Units (computed at the rate of 5,000.00 per Unit) subscribed for by him pursuant to his Subscription Agreement and set
opposite his name on the signature page attached to this Agreement, and with respect to the General Partner, is its obligation to make
its original Capital Contribution pursuant to Section 3.1 hereof. 

 1.6 Initial
Capital Contribution . The Contribution made by each Partner pursuant to its Capital Commitment. 

 1.7 Code . 
The Internal Revenue Code of 1954, as amended. 

 1.8 General
Partner . The General Partner is FLANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC. or any successor general partner as provided herein. 

 1.9 General
Partner s Capital . The combined total Capital Balance and Additional Capital Balance of the General Partner. 

 1.10 Law . 
The Uniform Limited Partnership Act of the State of Florida in effect from time to time during the term hereof. 

- 2 - 

1.11 Limited
Partner . The Limited Partners hereunder and any such persons admitted to the Partnership as substituted Limited Partners. 

 1.12 Limited
Partners Capital . The total of the Capital Balance of all Limited Partners. 

 1.13 Limited
Partner Percentage . In respect of any Limited Partner the percentage obtained by converting to a percentage the fraction having
the Initial Capital Contribution of such Limited Partner as its numerator and having the Limited Partners Capital as its denominator. 

 1.14 Net
Cash Flow . Net Cash Flow of the Partnership, with respect to a fiscal period, shall mean Net Income of the Partnership for such
period, reduced by (i) any repayments of principal on loans of the Partnership, (excluding General Partner s Loans, the principal
amounts of which are payable out of Net Cash Flow as stated in Article VIII hereof), (ii) any capital expenditures and prepaid expenses
to the extent not included in the determination of Net Income, (iii) any Net Sale Proceeds to the extent included in the determination
of Net Income, and (iv) reasonable additions to a reserve, (as determined in the sole discretion of the General Partner); and increased
by any receipts by the Partnership which are not included in the determination of Net Income. 

 1.15 Net
Income . Net Income of the Partnership with respect to any fiscal period shall mean the excess of the gross sales for such period
over all operating expenses for such period, as those terms are defined herein, determined on an accrual basis and determined without
regard to amounts deducted by the Partnership for cost recovery of tangible assets or amortization of capitalized or other capital accounts. 

- 3 - 

1.16 Net
Loss . Net Loss of the Partnership with respect to any fiscal period shall mean that excess of all operating expenses for such
period over the gross sales for such period, as those terms are defined herein, determined on an accrual basis and determined without
regard to amounts deducted by the Partnership for cost recovery of tangible assets or amortization of capitalized expenditures or other
capital accounts. 

 1.17 Net
Sale Proceeds . The proceeds realized by the Partnership upon the sale, exchange or other disposition of all or any substantial
part of the Partnership property, net of expenses incident to such sale, the payment of any Partnership indebtedness secured by or related
to any such assets and satisfaction of any right of any creditor of the partnership (other than a Partner) to receive such proceeds. 

 1.18 Participation
Percentage . Throughout the term of this Agreement, the Participation Percentage of the Limited Partners is fifty percent (50 (allocated to each Limited Partner in proportion to his Limited Partnership Percentage) and the Participation Percentage of the General
Partner is fifty percent (50 ). 

 1.19 General
Partner s Loans . All amounts loaned by the General Partner to the Partnership pursuant to Section 3.5 hereof. 

 1.20 Subscription
Agreement . The Instrument by which each prospective Limited Partner agrees to purchase Units. 

 1.21 Substitute
Limited Partner . A person admitted to all of the rights of a Limited Partner who has died or assigned his interest in the Partnership,
or in the case of a Limited Partner that is a partnership, joint venture, association, corporation or trust, that has been dissolved or
assigned its interest in the Partnership. 

 1.22 Unit . 
A Unit means an interest of a Limited Partner in the Limited Partners Capital of the Partnership with an original subscription
value of 5,000.00. 

- 4 - 

ARTICLE II 

 THE LIMITED PARTNERSHIP 

 2.1 Formation
of Partnership . The parties hereto agree to form and by execution of this Agreement do hereby enter into a limited partnership
pursuant to Chapter 620, et seq ., of the Florida Statutes, entitled Uniform Limited Partnership Act Law which Law shall govern the rights and liabilities of the parties hereto, except as otherwise herein expressly stated. 

 2.2 Partnership
Name . The name of the Partnership is CIC INVESTORS #25, LTD. The General Partner, in its sole discretion, may change the
name of the Partnership at any time and from time to time. The General Partner and the Limited Partners hereto shall promptly execute
and the General Partner shall file and record with the proper offices in each state, including any political subdivision thereof, in which
the Partnership does, or elects to do, business and publish such certificates or other statements or instruments as are required by the
Limited Partnership Law, Beverage Regulations, Fictitious Name Law, Assumed Name Law or any other similar statute in effect from time
to time in such state or political subdivision in order to validly conduct the business of the Partnership therein as a limited partnership. 

 2.3 Character
of Business and Purpose of the Partnership . The business and purpose of the Partnership shall be to own, renovate and operate
a restaurant located at 11225 Miramar Parkway, Suite 250, Miramar, Broward County, Florida and operate the same as FLANIGAN S 
 restaurant, (the Business ), but specifically excludes any interest of any kind in the property owned by the landlord. 

- 5 - 

2.4 Principal
Place of Business . The principal place of business of the Partnership shall be at 5059 NE 18th Avenue, Fort Lauderdale, Florida
33334. The General Partner may change the principal place of business or establish such other place or places of business for the Partnership
as it may, from time to time, deem necessary or appropriate, provided however, that the General Partner shall give the Limited Partners
notice of any change of address of the principal place of business of the Partnership at least ten (10) days prior to any such change. 

 2.5 Term
of Partnership . The Partnership shall commence on the date that this Agreement has been filed in accordance with the provision
of the Law and shall continue until the earlier of the following: 

(i) Failure of the Partners to have a liquor license issued for the Business by the Division of Alcoholic
Beverages and Tobacco within three (3) years of the date of this Agreement; or 

(ii) Revocation of the liquor license for the Business by the Division of Alcoholic Beverage and Tobacco followed
by the inability of the Partners, after the exercise of their best efforts, to cause such liquor license to be reinstated within a ninety
(90) day period; or 

(iii) Dissolution or termination pursuant to the provisions of Article X of this Agreement. 

2.6 Names
and Residences of Partners . 

A. 
 The name and address of the General Partner is: 

Flanigan s Enterprises,
Inc. 

 5059 NE 18th Avenue 

 Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33334 

B. The names and places of residences of the Limited Partners are set forth on the signature pages attached
hereto together with those persons who may, from time to time, be admitted by the General Partner as Substitute Limited Partners in accordance
with the terms of this Agreement. 

- 6 - 

2.7 Nature
of Partners Interests . The interests of the Partners in the Partnership shall be personal property for all purposes. All
property owned by the Partnership, whether real or personal, tangible or intangible, shall be owned by the Partnership as an entity and
no Partner, individually, shall have any ownership of such property. 

 2.8 Non-Partition . 
No Partner shall be entitled to seek partition of any Partnership property. 

 ARTICLE III 

 CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS; 

 ADDITIONAL CAPITAL CONTRIBUTIONS; 

 GENERAL PARTNER S LOANS; AND 

 REIMBURSEMENT OF EXCESS CAPITAL CONTRIBUTION 

3.1 General
Partner . The General Partner shall contribute to the Partnership cash in an amount equal to one percent (1 of the total Initial
Contributions of the Partners and other property as set opposite its name on the signature page attached to this Agreement. 

 3.2 Limited
Partners . The Limited Partners Capital shall be measured in terms of Units and a Limited Partner shall contribute 5,000.00
for each Unit purchased. Each Limited Partner shall purchase a minimum of two (2) Units. Each Limited Partner shall contribute to the
Partnership as his Initial Capital Contribution an amount equal to the amount of his Capital Commitment as set forth in the Subscription
Agreement executed by him and set opposite his name on the signature page attached to this Agreement. The amount of Capital Commitment
shall be paid in cash by the Limited Partner upon execution and delivery of the Subscription Agreement. 

- 7 - 

3.3 Capital
Accounts . The Partnership will maintain for each Partner an account to be designated Capital Account , to which will
be added the Partner s Initial Capital Contribution, Additional Capital Contributions and distributive share of the profits of the
Partnership, and against which will be deducted the Partner s distributive share of the losses of the Partnership and all distributions
made to the Partner. A Partner s Capital Account may, at any point in time, be the same as or different from such Partner s
Capital Balance and may have a negative balance resulting from the Partner s share of distributions and losses in excess of the
Partner s Initial Capital Contribution and Additional Capital Contributions. 

 3.4 Use
of Capital Contributions and Loans . The Initial Capital Contributions of the Partners, all proceeds of Partnership borrowings,
and any Additional Capital Contributions or General Partner s Loans made pursuant to this Agreement, shall be used to change and
convert the business premises of the Business to the General Partner s Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill restaurant
concept and as working capital. 

 3.5 Additional
Capital Contributions and General Partner s Loans . 

A. Other
than as expressly set forth in this Article III, no Limited Partner shall be required or permitted to make any Additional Capital Contributions,
Partner s Loans, or other contributions, loans or advances to the Partnership; however, the General Partner may make, in its sole
discretion, Additional Capital Contributions, Loans, or advances to the Partnership. 

 B. If
the General Partner advances any funds to the Partnership after the date of this Agreement (except in the case of Additional Capital Contributions),
such advances will be treated as General Partner s Loans, will not increase the General Partner s Participation Percentage,
and the amount thereof will be a debt due from the Partnership to the General Partner, entitled to the priorities described in Sections
8.1 and 8.2 hereof, to be repaid with such interest as provided. 

- 8 - 

3.6 Withdrawal
of Capital . Prior to the dissolution and liquidation of the Partnership, no Partner shall have the right, during the term of the
Partnership, to require the return of all or any portion of his Initial Capital Contribution, except that distributions made in accordance
with Article VIII may represent in whole or in part a return of capital. Upon any return of partnership capital this Agreement shall be
amended as provided by the Law. 

 3.7 Interest
on Capital Contributions . No interest shall be payable with respect to any capital contributed to the Partnership. 

 3.8 No
Priority Among Limited Partners . No Limited Partner shall have any priority over any other Limited Partner as to the return of
his Initial Capital Contribution or as to compensation by way of income or as to allocation of profits and losses or distributions of
cash. 

 3.9 Excess
Capital Contribution . In the event that the cost to change and convert the business premises of the Business, including both cash
and the fair market value of any property contributed in kind, reasonable reserves and organizational costs hereof do not equal or exceed
Four Million Dollars 4,000,000.00), any excess shall be returned to the Limited Partners, pro-rata, as a partial refund of their Initial
Capital Contribution. Upon any return of partnership capital, this Agreement shall be amended as required by Law. 

- 9 - 

ARTICLE IV 

 LIMITED PARTNERS 

 4.1 Limited
Liability of Limited Partners . No Limited Partner shall be liable for any of the losses, debts or obligations of the Partnership
beyond the amount of his Capital Commitment or be required to contribute any capital beyond his Capital Commitment, or be required to
lend any funds to the Partnership, except that a Limited Partner may be required by law to return any or all of that portion of his Initial
Capital Contribution which has been distributed to him, with interest, if necessary to discharge Partnership liabilities to all creditors
who extended credit or whose claims arose prior to such return of capital. 

 4.2 Restrictions
on Limited Partners . 

 A. No
Limited Partner shall participate in the management and control of the business of the Partnership, transact any business for the Partnership,
or attempt to do so; and 

 B. No
Limited Partner shall have the power to represent, sign for or bind the General Partner or the Partnership. 

 4.3 Rights
and Powers of Limited Partners . 

 A. Any
Limited Partner may engage in or own an interest in any other business ventures which may be engaged in the same or similar businesses
as that of the Partnership. 

 B. Each
Limited Partner shall be entitled to participate in meetings regarding the affairs of the Partnership and to do all other things with
respect to the business and affairs of the Partnership permitted by the Law. 

- 10 - 

4.4 Admission
of Additional Limited Partners . No additional Limited Partners shall be admitted to the Partnership; provided however, that the
General Partner may admit Substitute Limited Partners at any time pursuant to Article IX. 

 ARTICLE V 

 GENERAL PARTNER 

 5.1 Rights
and Powers . 

 A. The
General Partner shall have the full and exclusive discretion, right and power to manage, control and operate the Partnership and to do
all things necessary to operate the Business. The General Partner shall change and convert the existing facility to its Flanigan s 
restaurant concept. During the term of this Agreement and while the General Partner continues to act in the capacity of General Partner
of the Partnership, and while the Partnership continues to pay a service mark fee equal to three (3 percent of gross sales from the
Business, as provided in Section VII hereof, but not thereafter, the General Partner shall permit the Partnership to use the service mark
 Flanigan s for the Business and shall supervise the day to day operation of the same under the same format
and standards as used in its existing Flanigan s Seafood Bar and Grill restaurants. The Business shall include exclusive
management of the restaurant located within the business premises for the service of lunch and dinner each day. 

 B. The
General Partner is specifically authorized and empowered, on behalf of the Partnership, and without any further consent of the Limited
Partners, to do any act or execute any document or enter into any contract or any agreement of any nature necessary or desirable, in the
sole discretion of the General Partner, in pursuance of the business and purposes of the Partnership, including but not limited to the
operation of the Business. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, and subject to the provisions of Section 5.2, the General
Partner shall have the following rights and powers to act on behalf of the Partnership, which it may exercise at the cost, expense and
risk of the Partnership: 

- 11 - 

(i) Purchase such furniture, fixtures and equipment and make such leasehold improvements as are required by
the General Partner for the renovation of the business premises of the Business. 

(ii) Place record title to, or the right to use, the property or other assets of the Partnership in the name
or names of a nominee or nominees for any purpose convenient or beneficial to the Partnership. 

(iii) Execute contracts, leases, licenses, options to lease or purchase, rental agreements, concession agreements,
use agreements and the like, of and with respect to Partnership property. 

(iv) Make elections under the tax laws of the United States or any state as to the treatment of Partnership
income, gains, loss, deduction and credit, and as to all relevant matters. 

(v) Provide or contract for such management services as may be required for the operation of the Business,
including but not limited to full payroll services, all accounting and bookkeeping services for the operation of the Business, as an expense
of the Business, (including the preparation and forwarding of monthly sales tax returns, monthly liquor excise taxes and annual federal
partnership returns), and prompt payment of all bills incurred in the normal operation of the Business. 

(vi) Establish overall business policy and objectives. 

(vii) Provide overall executive supervision of operations of the Business. 

(viii) Generally supervise employees and others performing services for the benefit of and in the operation of
the Business. 

(ix) Provide, advise and arrange for advertising, display and sales promotion of the Business. 

(x) Oversee the operation of the Business in the areas of management, sales and purchasing. 

- 12 - 

(xi) Arrange for the supervision of the daily operations of the Business with responsibility for (1) hiring
and firing employees and other service personnel, (2) salary administration and compensation policies, (3) incentive programs, (4) inventory
purchase and control, (5) pricing of all goods and services, (6) business procedures, and (7) controlling daily operational expenses. 

(xii) Keep the Business insured against liability claims arising out of the operation of the restaurant, as
an operating expense of the Business, with insurance coverage in an amount not less than One Million Dollars 1,000.000.00), combined
single limit, including liquor liability and products liability. The General Partner shall cause the Partnership, itself and the landlord
of the business premises, to be named as additional insureds on the liability insurance policy and provide the Partnership, itself and
the landlord of the business premises with Certificates of Insurance as evidence of its compliance with the provisions hereof. 

(xiii) Purchase and maintain worker s compensation insurance for the employees of the Business, as an operating
expense of the Business. 

(xiv) Keep the business premises reasonably insured against damage by fire and other casualty and maintain insurance
in accordance with the provisions of the Lease for the business premises. The General Partner shall cause the Partnership, itself and
the landlord of the business premises to be named as additional insureds on the property insurance policy and provide the Partnership,
itself and the landlord of the business premises with Certificates of Insurance as evidence of its compliance with the provisions hereof. 

(xv) Keep the personal property, fixtures and equipment of the Business reasonably insured against damage by
fire and other casualty, in an amount equal to its highest insurable value, with replacement cost endorsement, as an expense of the Business. 

(xvi) Keep the Business reasonably insured against loss of business due to fire and other casualty with business
interruption insurance, in an amount to be determined by the General Partner, as an expense of the Business. 

(xvii) Arrange and pay all charges for telephone services, all utilities, including without limitation, electrical,
gas and water, and cable or other electronic transmission necessary for operation of the Business, as an expense of the Business. 

(xviii) Arrange for trash collection and removal from the Business, as an expense of the Business. 

- 13 - 

(xix) Make all normal repairs and replacements to the kitchen equipment and interior, external, non-structural
and structural repairs and replacements of the Business and the business premises, in order to keep the same in good condition and good
working order to the extent that the General Partner deems it necessary and in accordance with the provisions of the Lease for the business
premises. 

(xx) To pay, collect, compromise, arbitrate, resort to legal action or otherwise adjust claims or demands of
or against the Partnership. 

(xxi) To borrow money for any Partnership purpose and to make all required payments of principal and interest
with respect thereto. 

(xxii) To timely comply with and abide by all of those obligations, terms, covenants and conditions imposed upon
the Partnership as tenant of the Lease for the business premises of the Business, including but not limited to the timely payment of rent,
as an expense of the Business. 

(xxiii) To promptly comply with, execute and fulfill all governmental statutes, ordinances and regulations applicable
to the Partnership in connection with the Business, including without limitation, all orders and requirements imposed by the Board of
Health, sanitation, fire and police departments including without exception those for the correction, prevention and abatement of nuisances
in or upon or connected with the business premises of the Business, as an expense of the Business. 

The General Partner shall
be responsible for the procurement and hiring of all employees, agents and independent contractors required for on site operation on a
day-to-day basis including, but not limited to, a manager. The General Partner shall control all of the day-to-day operations of the Business
and shall handle all negotiations, complaints, objections and other matters involving the operation of the Business, the patrons of the
Business, and the employees and staff or any sublessee of or operator of any portion of the Business in connection with activities at
the Business. The General Partner shall hire, instruct, maintain and supervise personnel to properly staff the Business and shall maintain
the Business, the interior, exterior, non-structural and structural portions of the building it occupies, its fixtures and its premises
in a reasonable manner and condition, keeping it clean and serviceable, including arranging for janitorial services as an expense of the
Business. The General Partner shall have the full responsibility to collect for all services and sales from the Business, except as hereinafter
provided, to daily deposit all receipts in bank account(s) designated by the General Partner, shall arrange for advertising for the Business
to the extent deemed desirable by the General Partner and maintain all necessary licenses, including liquor license, and permits required
in connection with the operation of the Business. The cost of such activities, including license renewal fees, incurred for the Business
shall be borne by the Business. 

- 14 - 

In discharging the foregoing
duties, the General Partner shall act and conduct the Business in a reasonable manner. In order for the General Partner to have the greatest
opportunity to discharge such duties and to maximize profits from the Business, the Limited Partners shall cooperate fully with the General
Partner and shall promptly provide the General Partner with all information and assistance as the General Partner may reasonably request
pursuant to this Agreement. The General Partner shall devote such time to the Business as, in its judgment, the supervision of the Business
shall reasonably require, but shall not be obligated to do or perform any act or thing in connection with the Business not expressly set
forth herein. 

 5.2 Certain
Limitations . In addition to other acts expressly prohibited by this Agreement or by the Law, the General Partner shall not have
any authority to: 

 A. Do
any act in contravention of this Agreement; 

 B. Do
any act which would make it impossible to operate the Business or to otherwise carry on the ordinary business of the Partnership or any
phase thereof, except as expressly provided in this Agreement; 

- 15 - 

C. Assign
the rights of the Partnership in specific property for other than a Partnership purpose; 

 D. Admit
a person or entity as a General Partner or as a Limited Partner, except as otherwise provided in this Agreement; 

 E. Knowingly
or willingly do any act which would cause the Partnership to become an association taxable as a corporation; 

 5.3 Contracts
with Affiliates . Except as herein specified, all services which the General Partner is not obligated to perform under the terms
of this Agreement and the materials necessary for the operation of the Business may be provided by the General Partner, or any entity
affiliated with the General Partner, and the General Partner shall be compensated for such services or materials on such terms and conditions
no less favorable than those obtainable in the marketplace, and such amounts shall be deemed to be operating expenses of the Business. 

 5.4 Liability
of General Partner . The General Partner shall be liable to the Limited Partners for willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence,
but shall not be liable for errors in judgment or for any acts or omissions that do not constitute willful misconduct, bad faith or gross
negligence. In all transactions for or with the Partnership, the General Partner shall act in good faith and for the benefit of the Partnership.
The Limited Partners shall look solely to the assets of the Partnership for the return of their Initial Capital Contributions and if the
assets of the Partnership remaining after payment or discharge of the debts and liabilities of the Partnership are insufficient to return
such Initial Capital Contributions, they shall have no recourse against the General Partner for such purpose. The doing of any act or
the failure to do any act by the General Partner, the effect of which may cause or result in loss or damage of the Partnership, if done
pursuant to advise of legal counsel or accountants employed by the General Partner on behalf of the Partnership, shall be conclusively
presumed not to constitute willful misconduct, bad faith or gross negligence on the part of the General Partner. 

- 16 - 

5.5 Indemnification . 
The General Partner, including any employee of the General Partner, shall not be liable for, and to the extent of its assets, the Partnership
shall indemnify the General Partner or any such employee, against liabilities arising out of their activities as or for the General Partner
resulting from errors in judgment or any acts or omissions, whether or not disclosed, unless caused by willful misconduct, bad faith or
gross negligence; provided, however, that this provision shall not constitute a waiver by the Limited Partners of any rights it may have
under applicable securities laws. 

 ARTICLE VI 

 ALLOCATION OF PROFITS AND LOSSES 

 6.1 General . 
All Partnership items of income, gain, loss, deduction, credits, or tax preference items, (the Tax Incidents ), shall
be determined as of the end of each fiscal year. As between a Partner and his transferee, Tax Incidents for any fiscal year (or portion
thereof, as the case may be) shall be apportioned in accordance with the ratio that the number of days in the Partnership fiscal year
prior to the effective date of transfer bears to the number of such days thereafter (including the effective date of the transfer). 

 6.2 Allocation . 
The Tax Incidents shall be allocated as follows: 

- 17 - 

A. Cost
recovery deductions, amortization expense (including amortization of organizational expenses, start up costs, intangible assets, or other
capital accounts), investment tax credits (including recapture of investment tax credits), and tax preference items shall be allocated
ninety-nine percent (99 to the Limited Partners and one percent (1 to the General Partner (in proportion to each Partner s Initial
Capital Contribution), if incurred with respect to the expenditure by the Partnership of the aggregate Initial Capital Contributions of
the Partners, (which shall be deemed expended prior to any other amounts available to the Partnership), otherwise to the Partners in accordance
with their respective Participation Percentages. 

 B. Gains
and losses from (i) sale, exchange or other disposition of all or any substantial part of the Partnership property, or (ii) from liquidation
of the Partnership property following dissolution, as the case may be, shall be allocated on an asset by asset basis, as follows: 

(1) Gains, to the extent of cost recovery deductions or amortization expense claimed by the Partnership with
respect to the particular Partnership assets which are sold, exchanged or otherwise disposed of, shall be allocated ninety-nine percent
(99 to the Limited Partners and one percent (1 to the General Partner (in proportion to each Partner s Initial Capital Contribution),
if realized with respect to an asset acquired by the Partnership through the expenditure of the aggregate Initial Capital Contributions
of the Partners, (which shall be deemed expended prior to any other amounts available to the Partnership), otherwise to the Partners in
accordance with their respective Participation Percentages; 

(2) Gains in excess of cost recovery deductions or amortization expense claimed by the Partnership with respect
to the particular Partnership assets which are sold, exchanged or otherwise disposed of, shall be allocated to all Partners in the same
proportion that the Partners actually receive distributions of proceeds from Net Sale Proceeds as provided in Section 8.2 hereof, (except
distributions pursuant to Section 8.2(a)); and 

(3) All losses shall be allocated ninety-nine percent (99 to the Limited Partners and one percent (1 to
the General Partner (in proportion to each Partner s Initial Capital Contribution), if realized with respect to an asset acquired
by the Partnership through the expenditure of the aggregate Initial Capital Contributions of the Partners, (which shall be deemed expended
prior to any other amounts available to the Partnership), otherwise to the Partners in accordance with their respective Participation
Percentages. 

- 18 - 

C. All
Tax Incidents other than those specifically allocated by subparagraph (A) and (B), Other Tax Incidents ), shall be
allocated to the Partners in the same proportion that the Partners actually receive in that same fiscal year cash distributions from Net
Cash Flow as provided in Section 8.2 hereof, (except cash distributions pursuant to Section 8.2(a)), (the Cash Distributions ),
provided nevertheless as follows: 

(1) Other Tax Incidents shall be allocated in any fiscal year to the Partners so receiving Cash Distributions
in the same proportion that such Cash Distributions actually are received only if such Cash Distributions actually distributed equal or
are greater than the Partnership s Net Income for the same fiscal year; 

(2) To the extent the Partnership s Net Income for that same fiscal year exceeds such Cash Distributions,
Other Tax Incidents shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages, except that (i)
Net Income, in an amount equal to Cash Distributions actually received, shall be allocated to the Partners so receiving such Cash Distributions
in the same proportion that such Cash Distributions actually are received, and (ii) any excess of Net Income over Cash Distributions actually
received shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages; 

(3) In the absence of any such Cash Distributions the Other Tax Incidents shall be allocated to the Partners
in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages; and 

(4) Notwithstanding clauses (1) and (2) of this Subparagraph (C), Net Loss, (whether or not Cash Distributions
are actually made), shall be allocated to the Partners in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages. 

- 19 - 

ARTICLE VII 

 ACCOUNTING 

 7.1 Accounting
and Bookkeeping . The General Partner shall prepare and keep, for a period of not less than three (3) years, generally accepted
accounting records, including cash registers having cumulative totals, bank books and duplicate deposit slips, records showing inventories
and receipts of merchandise and other records from the operation of the Business which would normally be required to be kept or examined
by an independent accountant pursuant to generally accepted auditing standards. The Limited Partners shall at all times during normal
business hours have free access to and the right to inspect and copy the accounting records of the Business and/or Partnership, at the
principal place of business of the Partnership. 

 The General Partner, as an
expense of the Business, shall prepare for the Partnership and provide the Limited Partners with a complete monthly accounting of the
operation of the Business on a form similar to that attached hereto as Exhibit C , within thirty (30) days of the end of
each month during the term hereof. The monthly report shall also contain a statement of cumulative gross sales from the operation of the
Business for the current year of this Agreement for purposes of determining any distributions pursuant to Article VIII below. The General
Partner shall also provide copies of such other accounting records as may be reasonably requested by the Limited Partners and the Limited
Partners may inspect the originals thereof at any reasonable time. 

 The General Partner shall
mail within seventy- five (75) days after the close of each fiscal year, an annual report to the Limited Partners, which annual report
shall constitute the accounting of the Partnership for such year. The annual report shall contain unaudited financial statements, certified
by the Treasurer of the General Partner as accurate and correct, and shall otherwise be in such form and have such content as the General
Partner deems proper. Such annual report shall include from every source, including net gains from disposition or sale of Partnership
properties. 

- 20 - 

Subject to the right of the
Limited Partners to receive their share of the distributions pursuant to Article VIII hereof, all receipts from the operation of the Business,
deposited into an account of the Partnership and/or the General Partner at a bank designated by the General Partner, shall only be withdrawn
upon the direction of the General Partner, but cannot be unreasonably withheld. The Partners anticipate that payment of liquor purchases,
payroll and general operations may be made from one or more additional accounts at one or more banks, selected by the General Partner.
Funds from those accounts shall only be withdrawn by or at the direction of the General Partner. 

 7.2 Fiscal
Year and Method of Accounting . The fiscal year of the Partnership shall be a calendar year and the books of the Partnership for
income tax and accounting purposes shall be kept on the accrual method. All financial determinations hereunder made by the General Partner
with respect to the calculation of profits and losses, all distributions pursuant to Article VIII and other accounting decisions shall
be determined by the General Partner in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied by the General Partner
in making said determinations. 

 7.3 Audit . 
The Limited Partners shall have the right from time to time, upon two (2) business days prior notice to the General Partner, to cause
a complete audit to be made of the business affairs conducted at the Business, and all of the books and records referred to in Article
VII hereof. Such audit shall be performed by any person designated, selected and paid for by the Limited Partners, except as otherwise
provided herein. The General Partner shall make all records and books relevant in any manner to the operation at the Business and/or Partnership
available for audit at 5059 NE 18th Avenue, Fort Lauderdale, Florida 33334. If the results of such audit show that the Net Income 
for any month or year have been understated, the General Partner shall immediately pay to the Limited Partners the additional amount due
and if such understatement amounts to three percent (3 or more of Net Income , then the General Partner shall pay the cost
of such audit, in addition to any deficiency payment required. If the audit shows that the General Partner has overpaid or the Limited
Partners have received overpayment of any amount, the Limited Partners shall immediately repay such amount to the General Partner. Any
accounting deficiencies revealed by such audit, which accounting deficiencies shall be defined as any accounting practices not in accordance
with generally accepted accounting principles consistently applied, shall be corrected by the General Partner within fifteen (15) days
of its receipt of notice of such deficiency. 

- 21 - 

7.4 Definitions . 

 A. Gross
Sales shall mean the gross income, price, money, cover charges, or other consideration charged or received from the operation of
the Business, whether in cash, on credit, barter, exchange, or otherwise. 

 Gross sales as used herein
shall not include, and the General Partner shall deduct from its calculations of gross sales, to the extent it has been included: 

(i) Any sales or excise tax imposed by any governmental authority upon customers and added to the price of
a sale or service and collected from the customer and in turn paid to such governmental authority; 

(ii) The amount of any credit or refund for any merchandise returned or exchanged or any allowance made for
loss of or damage to merchandise sold but not in excess of original cost and only to the extent that it was previously included in the
calculation of gross sales; 

(iii) Fees or discounts paid to bona fide credit card agencies; 

- 22 - 

(iv) Amounts paid to third party vending machine and coin operated devise operators as their share of proceeds
from such machines and device; and 

(v) Complimentary and/or discounted sales made at the direction of the General Partner, including but not
limited to discounted sales to the employees of the Business. 

B. Operating
Expenses shall mean all cash expenses and liabilities incurred in the operation of the Business, and shall include, by way of example
and without limitation hereby, rent, service mark fee, personal property taxes on personal property, fixtures and equipment used in the
Business; liability insurance; real estate taxes; hazard insurance; trash collections; cleaning services; accounting and bookkeeping fees;
advertising; telephone charges; utilities, including but not limited to electric, water and gas; cable; salaries for personnel employed
at the business premises only; repairs and maintenance of kitchen equipment, furniture, fixtures, equipment and personal property used
in the Business; repairs and maintenance of the interior and exterior of the business premises; cost of inventory; liquor license renewal
fees; but excluding any allocation of salaries and expenses of off-site personnel of the General Partner. 

 7.5 Tax
Matters . 

 A. The
General Partner shall cause, as a part of its bookkeeping and accounting responsibilities, to be prepared and filed all income tax returns
for the Partnership on an accrual basis. Necessary tax information shall be provided to the Limited Partners. 

- 23 - 

B. In
connection with the assignment of a Limited Partner s interest in the Partnership permitted by Article X hereof, the General Partner,
(in its sole discretion), shall have the right, but shall not be obligated, on behalf of the Partnership and at the time and in the manner
provided by Section 754 of the Code, (or any successor section thereto), and the Regulations thereunder, to make an election to adjust
the basis of Partnership property in the manner provided in Sections 734(b) and 743(b) of the Code, (or any successor sections thereto). 

 7.6 Contracting
for Accounting Services . The General Partner shall, as an expense of the Business, provide the accounting and bookkeeping services
provided in this Article VII at the same rate charged to its other franchisees. 

 ARTICLE VIII 

 DISTRIBUTIONS 

 8.1 Distributions
of Net Cash Flow . All Net Cash Flow, if any, realized by or available to the Partnership shall first be applied or added to a
reasonable reserve retained for working capital needs or to provide funds for contingencies and expenses of the Partnership, (all as determined
in the sole discretion of the General Partner or as required by any loan agreement or instrument of the Partnership), and the balance,
if any, shall be distributed, (from time to time in the sole discretion of the General Partner, but in the event, no less frequently than
quarterly), in the following order of priority to the extent available: 

 A. To
the General Partner in repayment of the entire principal amounts of any outstanding General Partner s loans, together with all accrued
but unpaid interest thereon, first on account of interest accrued thereon and then on account of the principal amounts thereof; 

- 24 - 

B. To
the General Partner in reduction of its then outstanding Additional Capital Balance; 

 C. To
the Limited Partners, until such time as the Limited Partners have received the aggregate sum of Four Million Dollars 4,000,000.00),
which aggregate sum shall be reduced by an amount equal to the amount of initial working capital returned by the Partnership to the Limited
Partners, a sum equal to the amount necessary to increase the aggregate distribution to the Limited Partners for the fiscal year to One
Million Dollars 1,000,000.00) shall be paid to the Limited Partners. Thereafter, any remaining amounts shall be distributed to the Partners
in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages; and 

 D. Once
the Limited Partners have received the aggregate sum of Four Million Dollars 4,000,000.00), which aggregate sum shall be reduced by
an amount equal to the amount of initial working capital returned by the Partnership to the Limited Partners, any remaining amounts shall
be distributed to the Partners in accordance with their respective Participation Percentages. 

 8.2 Distributions
of Net Sale Proceeds . All Net Sale Proceeds, if any, realized by or available to the Partnership shall first be applied or added
to a reasonable reserve or escrow account retained to provide funds for contingencies and expenses of the Partnership, (all as determined
by the General Partner or as required by any loan, escrow or other agreement or instrument of the Partnership), and the balance, if any,
shall be distributed in the following order of priority to the extent available: 

 A. To
the General Partner, in repayment of the entire principal amounts of any outstanding General Partner s loans, together with all
accrued but unpaid interest thereon, first on account of interest accrued thereon and then on account of the principal amounts thereof; 

- 25 - 

B. To
the General Partner in reduction of its then outstanding Additional Capital Balance, except as provided in Subparagraph E. of this section; 

 C. To
the Partners in reduction of their then outstanding Capital Balances, (in proportion to the respective amounts of any such Capital Balances),
except as provided in Subparagraph E. of this section; 

 D. Any
remaining amounts (i) fifty one percent (51 thereof to the Limited Partners and (ii) forty nine percent (49 to the General Partner;
and 

 E. Notwithstanding anything
to the contrary in the above priority order, if there is an insufficient balance available to fully return to each Partner an amount equal
to his then outstanding Capital Balance, the balance, if any, shall be distributed to the Partners in proportion to the combined amount
of their then outstanding Capital Balance. 

 ARTICLE IX 

 TRANSFER OF PARTNERSHIP
INTERESTS 

 9.1 General
Partner . 

 A. The
General Partner shall not sell, assign, or otherwise dispose of all or any portion of its interest as General Partner in the Partnership,
or enter into any agreement as a result of which any person, firm or corporation shall become interested with it in its interest in the
Partnership without the prior consent in writing of the Limited Partners. No person shall be admitted as a substitute or additional General
Partner without the prior written consent of the General Partner and the Limited Partners as set forth herein. The General Partner may
not retire or withdraw as a General Partner unless it designates a nominee willing to serve as a General Partner which shall be an individual
or corporation having the capacity to serve as such and who is able to meet any requirements then imposed by the Code or any rulings or
regulations thereunder with respect to general partners or limited partnerships in order that the Partnership not become an association
taxable as a corporation. Subject to the foregoing, the General Partner shall give the Limited Partners at least ninety (90) days notice
of its proposed retirement or withdrawal as General Partner, in which event the Partnership shall be dissolved and terminated as provided
in Article X hereof unless the Limited Partners select a new General Partner within said ninety (90) day period. Such new General Partner
may be, but need not be, the nominee designated by the retiring or withdrawing General Partner. 

- 26 - 

B. The
General Partner shall immediately be removed and cease to be a General Partner upon the dissolution of the General Partner. 

 9.2 Substitute
Limited Partner . A Limited Partner or the transferee of a Limited Partner may transfer all, but not a part of his Unit(s) to a
Substitute Limited Partner provided: 

 A. That
the transferee, if an individual, is at least 21 years of age; 

 B. That
the transferee executes an instrument satisfactory to the General Partner accepting and adopting the provisions and agreements set forth
herein and pays any reasonable expenses in connection with his admission as a Substitute Limited Partner; and 

 C. That
the General Partner shall consent to such transfer, which consent may be given or withheld in the General Partner s sole discretion,
and shall be withheld if: 

- 27 - 

(1) In the opinion of counsel for the Partnership such transfer would result in the close of the Partnership s
taxable year with respect to all Partners, in the termination of the Partnership within the meaning of Section 708(b) of the Code, or
in the termination of its status as a partnership under the Code; or 

(2) In the opinion of such counsel such transfer would be in violation of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended,
or the securities laws of any other jurisdiction. 

9.3 Death,
etc. of a Limited Partner . Upon the death, bankruptcy, legal incompetency or insolvency of a Limited Partner, (or, in the case
of a Limited Partner that is a partnership, joint venture, association, corporation or trust, the dissolution of such Limited Partner),
the personal representative, guardian or other successor in interest of such Limited Partner shall have the right of the Limited Partner
for the sole purpose of settling the estate of such person pursuant to the provisions of Section 9.2, but such assignee may become a Substitute
Limited Partner in the Partnership only in accordance with the provisions of Section 9.2. 

 9.4 Effective
Date of Transfers . Permissible transfers of a Limited Partner s Units shall be effective for purposes of allocations of
distributions, profits and losses on the first day of the fiscal quarter following compliance with Section 9.2 and following amendment
of this Agreement as required by the Law. Until such effective date, the General Partner may act and proceed as if no transfer had been
made. 

 9.5 Transfers
Other Than in Accordance Herewith . No transfers of Units or any part thereof which is in violation of this Article IX shall be
valid or effective, and the Partnership shall not recognize the same for the purposes of making allocations or distributions of profits,
losses, return of Capital Contribution or other distribution with respect to such Units or part thereof. The Partnership may enforce this
provision either directly or indirectly or through its agents by entering an appropriate stop-transfer order on its books or otherwise
refusing to register or transfer or permit the registration or transfer on its books of any proposed transfers not in accordance with
this Article IX. 

- 28 - 

ARTICLE X 

 DISSOLUTION AND SUCCESSOR PARTNERSHIP 

 10.1 Dissolution
of Partnership . The Partnership shall be dissolved upon the earlier occurrence of any of the following events: 

 A. The
bankruptcy, insolvency, liquidation or dissolution of the General Partner; 

 B. Upon
the written consent of all Partners; 

 C. The
sale of all or substantially all of the assets of the Partnership; 

 D. Pursuant
to the provisions of Article II and IX hereof; or 

 E. Otherwise
by operation of law. 

 10.2 Successor
Partnership . If the Partnership is dissolved or to be dissolved for any reason specified in Section 10.1, and any Limited Partner
shall deliver to each of the other Limited Partners within thirty (30) days of such event, a written notice demanding that a meeting of
Limited Partners be held at the principal place of business of the Partnership at the time set forth in such notice (which shall be not
less than ten (10) nor more than thirty (30) days after the date of such notice) the Limited Partners shall hold such meeting. Limited
Partners attending such meeting, either in person or by proxy, and having an aggregate Limited Partner Percentage of not less than one
hundred percent (100 may continue the business of the Partnership and reconstitute the Partnership as a successor limited partnership
with a new General Partner having the capacity to serve as such and who is able to meet any requirements then imposed by the Code or any
rulings or regulations thereunder with respect to general partners of limited partnerships in order that the Partnership not become an
association taxable as a corporation. If such Limited Partners shall exercise such right to continue the business of the Partnership,
the person appointed by them as the new General Partner and each of the Limited Partners shall execute, acknowledge and file a Limited
Partnership Certificate and Agreement. The Limited Partnership Certificate and Agreement shall contain substantially the same provisions
as those contained herein, except that the new General Partner shall be allocated such share of the profits, losses and distributions
of the Partnership as the Limited Partners appointing such new General Partner shall determine. Such new General Partner shall indicate
his acceptance of the appointment by the execution of such Limited Partnership Certificate and Agreement. 

- 29 - 

10.3 Procedure . 
Unless the Business of the Partnership is continued pursuant to Section 10.2, upon the dissolution of the Partnership, the General Partner
or the person required by law to wind up the Partnership s affairs shall cause the cancellation of this Agreement and shall liquidate
the assets of the Partnership and apply the proceeds of such liquidation in the order of priority provided in Article VIII of this Agreement,
unless the law requires distribution be made in a different order in which case the assets of the Partnership shall be distributed in
accordance with the law. 

 ARTICLE XII 

 LIMITED POWER OF ATTORNEY 

 12.1 Appointment . 
Each Limited Partner hereby makes, constitutes and appoints the General Partner his true and lawful attorney-in-fact for him and in his
name, place and stead and for his use and benefit, from time to time: 

- 30 - 

A. To
make all agreements amending this Agreement, as now or hereafter amended, that may be appropriate to reflect or effect, as the case may
be, the following: 

(1) A change of the name or the location of the principal place of business of the Partnership; 

(2) The transfer or acquisition of any Units by a Limited Partner in any manner permitted by this Agreement; 

(3) A person becoming a Substitute Limited Partner of the Partnership as permitted by this Agreement; 

(4) A change in any provision of this Agreement effected by the exercise by any person of any right or rights
hereunder; 

(5) The dissolution of the Partnership pursuant to this Agreement; 

(6) Such amendments which are of an inconsequential nature and do not affect the rights of the Limited Partners
in any material respect; 

(7) To execute such certificates, instruments and documents as may be required or may be appropriate in connection
with the use of the name of the Partnership by the Partnership; and/or 

(8) To execute such certificates, instruments and documents as may be required, or as may be appropriate for
the Limited Partner to make to reflect: 

(a) A
change in the name or address of such Limited Partner; 

(b) Any changes in or amendments of this Agreement, or pertaining to the Partnership, of any kind referred
to in this Section 12.1; and 

(c) Any other changes in or amendments of this Agreement but only if and when the consent thereto has been
obtained from the General Partner and Limited Partners, having the aggregate Limited Partnership Percentage required by Section 13.6 hereof. 

- 31 - 

B. Each
of the agreements, certificates, instruments and documents made pursuant to Section 12.1(A) shall be in such form as the General Partner
and counsel for the Partnership shall deem appropriate. The powers conferred by Section 12.1(A) to execute agreements, certificates, instruments
and documents, shall be deemed to include without limitation the powers to sign, acknowledge, swear to, verify, deliver, file, record
or publish the same. 

 C. Each
Limited Partner authorizes the General Partner as such attorney-in-fact to take any further action which the General Partner shall consider
necessary or advisable in connection with any action taken pursuant to this Section 12.1 hereby giving the General Partner as such attorney-in-fact
full power and authority to do and perform each and every act or thing whatsoever requisite or advisable to be done in and about any action
taken pursuant to this Section 12.1 as fully as such Limited Partner might or could do if personally present, and hereby ratifying and
confirming all that the General Partner as such attorney-in-fact shall lawfully do or cause to be done by virtue of this Section. 

 12.2 Irrevocability;
Manner of Exercise . The power of attorney granted pursuant to Section 12.1: 

 A. Is
a special power of attorney coupled with an interest and is irrevocable; 

 B. May
be exercised by the General Partner as such attorney-in-fact by listing all of the Limited Partners executing any agreement, certificate,
instrument or document with the single signature of the President or any Vice President of the General Partner acting as attorney-in-fact
for all of them; and 

 C. Shall
survive the transfer by a Limited Partner of all or a portion of his interest in the Partnership, except that where the purchaser, transferee
or assignee thereof with the consent of the General Partner is admitted as a Substitute Limited Partner, the power of attorney shall survive
the transfer for the sole purpose of enabling such attorney-in-fact to execute, acknowledge and file any such agreement, certificate,
instrument or document necessary to effect such substitution. 

- 32 - 

ARTICLE XIII 

 MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 

 13.1 Notices . 
All notices or other communications required or permitted to be given pursuant to the Agreement shall in the case of notices or communications
required or permitted to be given to Limited Partners, be in writing and shall be considered as properly given or made if personally delivered
or if mailed by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid, or if sent by prepaid telegram,
and addressed to such Limited Partner s address for notices as it appears on the records of the Partnership, and in the case of
notices or communications required or permitted to be given to the General Partner, shall be in writing and shall be considered as properly
given or made if personally delivered or if mailed by United States certified or registered mail, return receipt requested, postage prepaid,
addressed to the General Partner at the principal place of business of the Partnership. Any Limited Partner may change his address for
notices by giving notice in writing, stating his new address for notices, to the General Partner, and the General Partner may change its
address for notices by giving such notice to all Limited Partners. Commencing on the tenth (10th) day after the giving of such notice,
such newly designated address shall be such Partner s address for the purpose of all notices or other communications required or
permitted to be given pursuant to the Agreement. 

 13.2 Choice
of Law . This Agreement and all rights and liabilities of the parties hereto with reference to the Partnership shall be subject
to, construed in accordance with and governed by the laws of the State of Florida. To the extent that any provision hereof is in contravention
with the Law, as in effect from time to time, the provisions of the Law shall supersede and replace any provision herein which is in contravention
thereof. Additionally, the appropriate forum and jurisdiction for any legal action shall be the Courts of the County of Broward, State
of Florida, and each party consents to such jurisdiction. 

- 33 - 

13.3 Titles
and Captions . All article, section and subsection titles or captions contained in this Agreement are inserted for convenience
only and are not deemed part of the text hereof. 

 13.4 Sole
Agreement . This Agreement constitutes the entire understanding of the parties hereto with respect to the subject matter hereof. 

 13.5 Execution
in Counterparts . This Agreement may be executed in any number of counterparts with the same effect as if all parties had all signed
the same document. All counterparts shall be construed together and shall constitute one (1) agreement. 

 13.6 Amendments . 
The General Partner may submit to the Partners in writing the text of any proposed amendment to this Agreement and a statement by the
proposer of the purpose of such amendment. The General Partner shall include in any submission its view as to the proposed amendment.
Any such amendment shall be adopted if, within ninety (90) days after the notice of such amendment is given to all Partners, the General
Partner shall have approved such amendment in writing and shall have received written approval thereof from Limited Partners having a
Limited Partnership Percentage aggregating eighty percent (80 or more. A written approval may not be withdrawn or voided once it is
filed with the General Partner. A Limited Partner filing a written objection may thereafter file a valid written approval. The date of
adoption of an amendment pursuant to this Section 13.6 shall be the date on which the General Partner shall have received the requisite
written approvals. Any proposed amendment which is not adopted may be resubmitted. In the event any proposed amendment is not adopted,
any written approval received with respect thereto shall become void and shall not be effective with respect to any resubmission of the
proposed amendment. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section 13.6, no amendment may, without the prior written approval
of all Partners; 

- 34 - 

A. Enlarge
the obligations of any Partner under this Agreement; 

 B. Enlarge
the liability of the General Partner to the Limited Partners; 

 C. Amend
this Article 13.6; 

 D. Alter
the Partnership in such manner as will result in the Partnership no longer being classified as a limited partnership for Federal income
tax purposes; or 

 E. Reduce
any requirements for the prior approval of Substitute Limited Partners set forth in this Agreement. 

 13.7 Waiver
of Action for Partition . Each of the parties hereto irrevocably waives during the term of the Partnership any right that he may
have to maintain any action for partition with respect to the property of the Partnership. 

 13.8 Assignability . 
Subject to the restrictions on transferability contained herein, each and all of the covenants, terms, provisions and agreements herein
contained shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the successors, assigns and legal representatives of the respective parties
hereto. 

 13.9 Independent
Activities . Except as otherwise provided herein, the General Partner and its affiliates, and its (and its affiliates ),
officers, directors, shareholders and employees, and each Limited Partner may, notwithstanding the existence of this Agreement, engage
in whatever activities they choose, whether the same be competitive with the Business of the Partnership or otherwise, without having
or incurring any obligation to offer any interest in such activities to any party hereto. Neither this Agreement nor any activity undertaken
pursuant hereto shall prevent such persons from engaging in such activities, and as a material part of the consideration for the General
Partner s execution hereof, each Limited Partner hereby waives, relinquishes and renounces any such right or claim of participation.
Nothing in the foregoing, however, shall be deemed to reduce any of the liabilities of the General Partner under this Agreement. 

- 35 - 

13.10 Right
to Rely on Authority of General Partner . No person dealing with the General Partner shall be required to determine its authority
to make any undertaking on behalf of the Partnership, nor to determine any fact or circumstance bearing upon the existence of its authority. 

 13.11 Arbitration . 
Except as otherwise provided in this Agreement, any dispute or controversy arising out of or relating to this Agreement shall be determined
and settled by arbitration in the City of Fort Lauderdale, Florida, in accordance with the rules of the American Arbitration Association
then in effect, and judgment upon the award rendered by the arbitrator(s) may be entered in any court of competent jurisdiction. Except
as set forth in Sections 5.4 and 5.5, the expenses of the arbitration shall be borne equally by the parties to the arbitration. 

 13.12 Gender
and Number . Whenever the context requires, the gender of all words used herein shall include the masculine, feminine and neuter
and the singular and plural of all words shall include the singular and plural. 

- 36 - 

13.13 Meetings . 
The Partnership shall hold an annual meeting in each fiscal year of its existence on such date and at such place and time as the General
Partner shall determine, notice of the date and time to be given to all Limited Partners whose addresses are on record with the General
Partner not later than fourteen (14) days prior to such date. Notwithstanding the foregoing, at any time or from time to time, Limited
Partners having a Limited Partner Percentage aggregating fifty percent (50 may by written notice to the General Partner specifying in
general terms the subject to be considered require the General Partner to call, or the General Partner may on its own motion call, a special
meeting of the Limited Partners and the General Partner shall within ten (10) days after any such notice is given, give notice of such
special meeting in the same manner as is required for the annual meeting including in such notice a copy of the notice requiring the call.
Any Limited Partner shall have the right, upon notice in writing, to require the General Partner to furnish by mail a list of the names,
addresses and respective interest in the Partnership of all other Limited Partners in the Partnership as shown on the records of the Partnership
at the time of the notice. Any Limited Partner, or his representative, shall have the right to inspect and copy the names and addresses
of all other Limited Partners in the Partnership. 

 13.14 Severability . 
If any provision of this Agreement, or the application thereof, shall, for any reason and to any extent, be invalid or unenforceable,
or contrary to law, the remainder of this Agreement and the application of such provision to other persons or circumstances shall not
be affected thereby, but rather shall be enforced to the maximum extent permissible under applicable law. 

- 37 - 

IN WITNESS WHEREOF ,
this Limited Partnership Certificate and Agreement has been sworn to and executed as of the date above written. 

GENERAL PARTNER: 

FLANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC. 

/s/ Jordan Paz 
 
 By: 
 /s/ Jeffrey D. Kastner, CFO Sec y 

Jeffrey D. Kastner , CFO Secretary 
 
 /s/ Paul Limperis 

STATE OF FLORIDA ss: 

 COUNTY OF BROWARD 

The foregoing instrument
was acknowledged before me by means of [ x ] physical presence or [ x ] online notarization this 21 st day of September,
2021 by JEFFREY D. KASTNER , as Chief Financial Officer and Secretary of FLANIGAN S ENTERPRISES, INC., a Florida corporation,
on behalf of the said corporation, [ x ] who is personally known to me or has produced ________________ as identification. 

/s/ Jordan Paz 

NOTARY PUBLIC - State of Florida 

My commission expires: 

SEE SIGNATURE PAGES FOR LIMITED PARTNERS ATTACHED
HERETO 

 (Signature Pages Intentionally
Omitted) 

- 38 - 

</EX-10.HH>

<EX-31.1>
 4
 ex31-1.htm
 EX-31.1

31.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934,
AS AMENDED 

I, J ames G. Flanigan , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. for the period
ended October 2, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects of the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee or registrant s board of directors
or persons performing the equivalent function: 

a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

/s/ James G. Flanigan 

Name: James G. Flanigan 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Date: January
 17, 2023 

</EX-31.1>

<EX-31.2>
 5
 ex31-2.htm
 EX-31.2

31.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO RULE 13a-14(a) AND RULE 15d-14(a) OF THE SECURITIES EXCHANGE ACT OF 1934, AS AMENDED 

I, Jeffrey D. Kastner , certify that: 

1. I have reviewed this Annual Report on Form 10-K of Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc. for the period
ended October 1, 2022; 

2. Based on my knowledge, this report does not contain any untrue statement of a material fact or
omit to state a material fact necessary to make the statements made, in light of the circumstances under which such statements
were made, not misleading with respect to the periods covered by this report; 

3. Based on my knowledge, the consolidated financial statements, and other financial information included
in this report, fairly present in all material respects of the financial condition, results of operations and cash flows of the
registrant as of, and for, the periods presented in this report; 

4. The registrant s other certifying officer and I are responsible for establishing and maintaining
disclosure controls and procedures (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(e) and 15d-15(e)) and internal control over financial
reporting (as defined in Exchange Act Rules 13a-15(f) and 15d-15(f)) for the registrant and have: 

a) Designed such disclosure controls
and procedures or caused such disclosure controls and procedures to be designed under my supervision to ensure that material information
relating to the registrant, including its consolidated subsidiaries, is made known to us by others within those entities, particularly
during the period in which this annual report is being prepared; 

b) Designed such internal control
over financial reporting, or caused such internal control over financial reporting to be designed under our supervision, to provide
reasonable assurance regarding the reliability of financial reporting and the preparation of financial statements for external
purposes in accordance with generally accepted accounting principles; 

c) Evaluated the effectiveness of
the registrant s disclosure controls and procedures and presented in this annual report our conclusions about the effectiveness
of the disclosure controls and procedures, as of the end of the period covered by this report based on such evaluation; and 

d) Disclosed in this report any change
in the registrant s internal control over financial reporting that occurred during the registrant s most recent fiscal
quarter that has materially affected, or is reasonably likely to materially affect, the registrant s internal control over
financial reporting; and 

5. 
 The registrant s other certifying officer and I have disclosed, based on our most recent evaluation of internal control
over financial reporting, to the registrant s auditors and the audit committee or registrant s board of directors
or persons performing the equivalent function: 

a) All significant deficiencies and
material weaknesses in the design or operation of internal control over financial reporting that are reasonably likely to adversely
affect the registrant s ability to record, process, summarize and report financial information; and 

b) Any fraud, whether or not material,
that involves management or other employees who have a significant role in the registrant s internal control over financial
reporting. 

/s/ Jeffrey D. Kastner 

Name: Jeffrey D. Kastner 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

Date: January
 17, 2023 

</EX-31.2>

<EX-32.1>
 6
 ex32-1.htm
 EX-32.1

32.1 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT
TO 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350 AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 2, 2021, as
filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, James G. Flanigan ,
Chief Executive Officer and President of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley
Act of 2002, that: 

1) This Annual Report on Form 10-K
of the Company, to which this certification is attached as a Exhibit, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or
15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) The information contained in this Annual
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ James G. Flanigan 

Name: James G. Flanigan 

Chief Executive Officer and President 

Date: January
 17, 2023 

The foregoing certificate is provided
solely for the purpose of complying with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and for no other purpose whatsoever.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any of the Company s previous filings under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that might incorporate the Company s future
filings, including this annual report on Form 10-K, in whole or in part, this certificate shall not be incorporated by reference
into any such filings. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.1>

<EX-32.2>
 7
 ex32-2.htm
 EX-32.2

32.2 CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO 18 U. S. C. SECTION 1350, AS ADOPTED PURSUANT TO SECTION 906 OF THE
SARBANES-OXLEY ACT OF 2002 

In connection with the Annual
Report of Flanigan s Enterprises, Inc., (the Company on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended October 1, 2022, as filed
with the Securities and Exchange Commission of the date hereof (the Annual Report ), I, Jeffrey D. Kastner , Chief
Financial Officer of the Company, certify, pursuant to 18 U.S.C. SS.1350, as adopted pursuant to ss.906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002,
that: 

1) This Annual Report on Form 10-K of the Company,
to which this certification is attached as an Exhibit, fully complies with the requirements of Section 13 (a) or 15(d) of the Securities
Exchange Act of 1934; and 

2) The information contained in this Annual
Report fairly presents, in all material respects, the financial condition and results of operations of the Company. 

/s/ Jeffrey D. Kastner 

Name: Jeffrey D. Kastner 

Chief Financial Officer and Secretary 

Date: January
 17, 2023 

The foregoing certificate is provided
solely for the purpose of complying with Section 906 of the Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 and for no other purpose whatsoever.
Notwithstanding anything to the contrary set forth herein or in any of the Company s previous filings under the Securities
Act of 1933, as amended, or the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended, that might incorporate the Company s future
filings, including this annual report on Form 10-K, in whole or in part, this certificate shall not be incorporated by reference
into any such filings. A signed original of this written statement required by Section 906 has been provided to the Company
and will be retained by the Company and furnished to the Securities and Exchange Commission or its staff upon request. 

</EX-32.2>

<EX-101.SCH>
 8
 bdl-20221001.xsd
 XBRL SCHEMA FILE

</EX-101.SCH>

<EX-101.CAL>
 9
 bdl-20221001_cal.xml
 XBRL CALCULATION FILE

</EX-101.CAL>

<EX-101.DEF>
 10
 bdl-20221001_def.xml
 XBRL DEFINITION FILE

</EX-101.DEF>

<EX-101.LAB>
 11
 bdl-20221001_lab.xml
 XBRL LABEL FILE

</EX-101.LAB>

<EX-101.PRE>
 12
 bdl-20221001_pre.xml
 XBRL PRESENTATION FILE

</EX-101.PRE>

